<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1674760_0001193125-16-759051_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>804468</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>258389</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>405059</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-759051.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103171456
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-759051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674760
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55660
		FILM NUMBER:		161972729

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10298-2198
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-902-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10298-2198

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-759051.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 d257425d10q.htm
 GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549       
      FORM 10-Q   
           
    For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or   
    Commission file number 000-55660       
      Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market
Credit LLC      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   
           
    Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (212) 902-0300   
  Not Applicable      Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, If Changed Since Last Report.       
     Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES         NO  X  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    YES         NO       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer: 

Accelerated filer: 

Non-accelerated filer:  
   
 X 
    
 Smaller reporting company: 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    YES         NO  X    The number of the
registrant s limited liability company common units outstanding at November 3, 2016 was 1,681,503.      

GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC   

2  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these
statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   anticipate,   project,   target,   estimate,   intend, 
 continue  or  believe  or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our plans, strategies, prospects and
expectations concerning our business, operating results, financial condition and other similar matters. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. Our forward-looking statements include information in
this report regarding general domestic and global economic conditions, our future financing plans, our ability to operate as a business development company ( BDC ) and the expected performance of, and the yield on, our portfolio companies.
There may be events in the future, however, that we are not able to predict accurately or control. The factors listed under  Risk Factors  in Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on
September 19, 2016, as well as any cautionary language in this report, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking
statements. The occurrence of the events described in these risk factors and elsewhere in this report could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial position. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this
report speaks only as of the date of this report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ, from our forward-looking statements may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. You are
advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Under Section 21E(b)(2)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 do not apply to statements made in periodic reports we file under the Exchange Act, such as this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  
 The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements:

our future operating results;     

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting
the financial and capital markets;     

uncertainty surrounding the strength of the U.S. economic recovery;     

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;     

the impact of investments that we expect to make;     

the impact of increased competition;     

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;     

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we
invest;     

the ability of our prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;     

the relative and absolute performance of our investment adviser;     

our expected financings and investments;     

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments;     

our ability to make distributions;     

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital;     

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies;     

the impact of future acquisitions and divestitures;     

the effect of changes in tax laws and regulations and interpretations thereof;     

our ability to maintain our status as a BDC and a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;     

actual and potential conflicts of interest with Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates;

the ability of our investment advisor to attract and retain highly talented professionals;

the impact on our business from new or amended legislation or regulations; and     

the availability of credit and our ability to access the credit markets.     
      3  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Statement of Financial Condition   
  (in thousands, except unit and per unit amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited financial statements.   
      4  

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Statement of Operations   
  (in thousands, except unit and per unit amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited financial statements.   
      5  

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Statement of Changes in Members  Capital   
  (in thousands, except unit and per unit amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       

For the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016   

Increase (decrease) in Members  Capital resulting from operations:  

Net investment loss  
    
 $ 
 (596 
 )   
 
   Net realized gain (loss) on investments  

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments  

12 

Net increase (decrease) in Members  Capital resulting from operations:  
    
 $ 
 (584 
 )   

Capital transactions:  

Issuance of common units (1,681,503 units)  
    
 $ 
 165,039 

Net increase (decrease) in Members  Capital resulting from capital transactions  
    
 $ 
 165,039 

TOTAL INCREASE (DECREASE) IN MEMBERS  CAPITAL  
    
 $ 
 164,455 

Members  Capital at beginning of period 
    
 $ 

Members  Capital at end of period  
    
 $ 
 164,455 

Accumulated undistributed net investment income (loss)  
    
 $ 
 (596 
 )   

The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited financial statements.   
      6  

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Statement of Cash Flows   
  (in thousands, except unit and per unit amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       

For the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016   

Cash flows from operating activities:  

Net increase (decrease) in Members  Capital resulting from operations: 
    
 $ 
 (584 
 )   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in Members  Capital resulting from operations to net cash provided
by (used for) operating activities:  

Purchases of investments  

(146,115 
 )   
 
   Investments in affiliated money market fund, net  

(153,004 
 )   
 
   Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments  

(12 
 )   
 
   Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net  

(26 
 )   
 
   Amortization of deferred financing costs  

180 

Amortization of deferred offering costs  

395 

Increase (decrease) in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in interest and dividends receivable  

(294 
 )   
 
   (Increase) decrease in other assets  

(6 
 )   
 
   Increase (decrease) in interest and credit facility expense payable  

182 

Increase (decrease) in management fees payable  

220 

Increase (decrease) in accrued organization costs  

360 

Increase (decrease) in directors  fees payable  

78 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities  

538 

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities  
    
 $ 
 (298,088 
 )   

Cash flows from financing activities:  

Proceeds from issuance of common units  
    
 $ 
 164,881 

Offering costs paid  

(15 
 )   
 
   Financing costs paid  

(1,399 
 )   
 
   Borrowings on debt  

137,500 

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities  
    
 $ 
 300,967 

Net increase in cash 

2,879 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 
    
 $ 
 2,879 

Supplemental and non-cash financing activities  

Interest expense paid 
    
 $ 
 76 

Accrued but unpaid deferred financing costs 
    
 $ 
 352 

Accrued but unpaid offering costs 
    
 $ 
 1,552 
     
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited financial statements.   
      7  

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2016   
  (in thousands, except unit and per unit amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       

# 
   
   Percentages are based on members  capital.     

(+)   
   
   The interest rate on this loan is subject to the greater of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 1 month LIBOR,
which as of September 30, 2016 was 0.53%.     

(++)   
   
   The interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 3 month LIBOR,
which as of September 30, 2016 was 0.85%.     

(1)   
   
   In addition to the interest earned based on the stated rate of this loan, the Company may be entitled to
receive additional interest as a result of its arrangement with other lenders in a syndication.     

(2)   
   
   Non-income producing security.     

(3)   
   
   The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. The
Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time of acquisition, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the Company s total assets.     
 
 L   LIBOR      
  The accompanying notes are part of these unaudited financial statements.   
      8  

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
    Notes to the Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except unit and per unit amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
  ORGANIZATION       Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC (the  Company ),
initially established on December 23, 2015 as Private Middle Market Credit LP, a Delaware limited partnership, converted to a Delaware limited liability company on April 4, 2016 and commenced investment operations on July 1, 2016. The
Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ). In addition, the Company intends to elect to be treated as a
regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), commencing with its taxable year ending December 31, 2016.  
 The Company s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation. The Company seeks to
achieve this objective primarily through investing in first lien, first lien/last-out unitranche and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments, primarily through direct originations.
   Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. ( GSAM ), a Delaware limited partnership and an affiliate of Goldman, Sachs  
Co., is the investment adviser (the  Investment Adviser ) of the Company. The term  Goldman Sachs  refers to Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ( Group Inc. ), together with Goldman, Sachs   Co., GSAM and its other
subsidiaries.    On May 6, 2016 (the  Initial Closing Date ), the Company began accepting subscription agreements
( Subscription Agreements ) from investors acquiring units in the Company s private offering. Under the terms of the Subscription Agreements, investors are required to make capital contributions up to the undrawn amount of their
capital commitment to purchase units each time the Company delivers a drawdown notice. The final date on which the Company will accept Subscription Agreements will occur no later than six months following the Initial Closing Date (the  Final
Closing Date ), provided that the board of directors (the  Board of Directors ) of the Company may extend the Final Closing Date by up to an additional six month period in its discretion.  
 The investment period commenced on the Initial Closing Date and will continue until the second anniversary of the Final Closing Date, provided
that it may be extended by the Board of Directors, in its discretion, for one additional six-month period, and, with the approval of a majority-in-interest of the unitholders, for up to one additional year thereafter. In addition, the Board of
Directors may terminate the investment period at any time in its discretion.    The term of the Company is seven years from the Final
Closing Date, subject to the Board of Directors  right to liquidate the Company at any time and to extend the term of the Company for up to two successive one-year periods. Upon the request of the Board of Directors and the approval of a
majority-in-interest of the unitholders, the term of the Company may be further extended.    Credit Alternatives GP LLC (the  Initial
Member ), an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, made a capital contribution to the Company of one hundred dollars on June 9, 2016 (inception) and served as the sole initial member of the Company. The Company cancelled the Initial
Member s interest in the Company on July 14, 2016, the first date on which investors (other than the Initial Member) made their initial capital contribution to purchase units (the  Initial Drawdown Date ).  

2.  
  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES        Basis of Presentation   
 The Company s functional currency is U.S. dollars and these financial statements have been prepared in that currency. The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and pursuant to Regulation S-X. This requires the Company to make certain estimates and
assumptions that may affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These financial statements reflect adjustments that in the opinion of the Company are necessary for the fair statement of the results for the
periods presented. Actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions included in the financial statements.  
      9  

The financial information reflects all normal recurring adjustments necessary for fair
presentation of the information for the period presented. The results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the full fiscal year, any other interim period or any future year or period.    As an investment company, the Company
applies the accounting and reporting guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 946,  Financial Services   Investment Companies  ( ASC 946 ) .   
    Revenue Recognition        The
Company records its investment transactions on a trade date basis. Realized gains and losses are based on the specific identification method.  
 Interest income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis. Discounts and premiums to
par value on investments purchased are accreted and amortized, respectively, into interest income over the life of the respective investment using the effective interest method. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discounts or
premiums are capitalized and amortized into interest income using the effective interest method or straight-line method, as applicable. Upon prepayment of a loan or debt security, any prepayment premiums, unamortized upfront loan origination fees
and unamortized discounts are recorded as interest income. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, the Company did not earn any prepayment premiums or
accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts.    Fees received from portfolio companies (directors 
fees, consulting fees, administrative fees, tax advisory fees and other similar compensation) is paid to the Company, unless, to the extent required by applicable law or exemptive relief, if any, therefrom, the Company only receives its allocable
portion of such fees when invested in the same portfolio company as another account managed by Goldman Sachs.    Dividend income on
preferred equity investments is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity investments is recorded on the record date for
private portfolio companies and on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Interest and dividend income are presented net of withholding tax, if any.  
 Certain investments may have contractual payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest or dividends. PIK represents accrued interest or
accumulated dividends that are added to the principal amount of the investment on the respective interest or dividend payment dates rather than being paid in cash and generally becomes due at maturity or upon being called by the issuer. PIK is
recorded as interest or dividend income, as applicable. If at any point the Company believes PIK is not expected to be realized, the investment generating PIK will be placed on non-accrual status. Accrued PIK interest or dividends are generally
reversed through interest or dividend income, respectively, when an investment is placed on non-accrual status.    Certain structuring fees
and amendment fees are recorded as other income when earned. Administrative agent fees received by the Company are recorded as other income when the services are rendered.  
  Non-Accrual Investments     Loans or debt
securities are placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest generally is reversed when a loan or debt security is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received
on non-accrual loans or debt securities may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual loans and debt securities are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid
and, in management s judgment, principal and interest payments are likely to remain current. The Company may make exceptions to this treatment if a loans or debt securities has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had no investments on non-accrual status.  
      10  

Investments   
 The Company carries its investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ),
issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is generally based on quoted market
prices provided by independent pricing services, broker or dealer quotations or alternative price sources. In the absence of quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations or alternative price sources, investments are measured at fair value as
determined by the Board of Directors.    Due to the inherent uncertainties of valuation, certain estimated fair values may differ
significantly from the values that would have been realized had a ready market for these investments existed, and these differences could be material. See Note 5  Fair Value Measurement .  
 The Company generally invests in illiquid securities, including debt and equity investments, of middle-market companies. The Board of
Directors has delegated to the Investment Adviser day-to-day responsibility for implementing and maintaining internal controls and procedures related to the valuation of the Company s portfolio investments. Under valuation procedures adopted by
the Board of Directors, market quotations are generally used to assess the value of the investments for which market quotations are readily available. The Investment Adviser obtains these market quotations from independent pricing services or at the
bid prices obtained from at least two brokers or dealers, if available; otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. To assess the continuing appropriateness of pricing sources and methodologies, the Investment Adviser
regularly performs price verification procedures and issues challenges as necessary to independent pricing services or brokers, and any differences are reviewed in accordance with the valuation procedures. If the Board of Directors or
Investment Adviser has a bona fide reason to believe any such market quotation does not reflect the fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investment in accordance with valuation procedures for investments for which market
quotations are not readily available.    With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or for which
market quotations are deemed not reflective of the fair value, the valuation procedures adopted by the Board of Directors contemplate a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below:  

(1) 
   The quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the
investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment;         

(2) 
   The Board of Directors also engages independent valuation firms (the  Independent Valuation
Advisors ) to provide independent valuations of the investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment. The Independent Valuation Advisors
independently value such investments using quantitative and qualitative information provided by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser and the portfolio companies as well as any market quotations obtained from independent pricing
services, brokers, dealers or market dealers. The Independent Valuation Advisors also provide analyses to support their valuation methodology and calculations. The Independent Valuation Advisors provide an opinion on a final range of values on such
investments to the Board of Directors or the Audit Committee. The Independent Valuation Advisors define fair value in accordance with ASC 820 and utilize valuation techniques including the market approach, the income approach or both. A portion of
the portfolio is reviewed on a quarterly basis, and all investments in the portfolio for which market quotations are not readily available, or are readily available, but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment, are reviewed at least
annually by an Independent Valuation Advisor;         

(3) 
   The Independent Valuation Advisors  preliminary valuations are reviewed by the Investment Adviser and the
Valuation Oversight Group ( VOG ), a team that is part of the Controllers Department within the Finance Division of Goldman Sachs. The Independent Valuation Advisors  valuation ranges are compared to the Investment Adviser s
valuations to ensure the Investment Adviser s valuations are reasonable. VOG presents the valuations to the Private Investment Sub-Committee of the Investment Management Division Valuation Committee, which is comprised of representatives from
GSAM who are independent of the investment decision making process;         

(4) 
   The Investment Management Division Valuation Committee ratifies fair valuations and makes recommendations to
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors;         

(5) 
   The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors reviews valuation information provided by the Investment
Management Division Valuation Committee, the Investment Adviser and the Independent Valuation Advisors. The Audit Committee then assesses such valuation recommendations; and     
      11  

(6) 
   The Board of Directors discusses the valuations and, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act,
determines the fair value of the investments in good faith, based on the inputs of the Investment Adviser, the Independent Valuation Advisors and the Audit Committee.     
  Money Market Funds     Investments in money
market funds are valued at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. See Note 3  Significant Agreements and Related Parties .     Cash
    Cash consists of deposits held at a custodian bank. As of September 30, 2016, the Company held $2,879 in cash.  
  Foreign Currency Translation     Amounts
denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis: (i) investments and other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based upon currency exchange rates
effective on the date of valuation; and (ii) purchases and sales of investments and income and expense items denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based upon currency exchange rates prevailing on the transaction
dates.    The Company does not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on
investments from fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities held. Such fluctuations are included within the net realized and unrealized gains or losses on investment transactions.  
  Income Taxes     The Company recognizes tax
positions in its financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. A position that meets this standard is
measured at the largest amount of benefit that will more likely than not be realized upon settlement. The Company reports any interest expense related to income tax matters in income tax expense, and any income tax penalties under expenses in the
Statement of Operations.    The Company s tax positions have been reviewed based on applicable statutes of limitation for tax
assessments, which may vary by jurisdiction, and based on such review, the Company has concluded that no additional provision for income tax is required in the Company s financial statements. The Company is subject to potential examination by
certain taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. The Company s tax positions are subject to ongoing interpretation of laws and regulations by taxing authorities.  
 To qualify as a RIC, the Company must meet specified source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to its
unitholders for each taxable year at least 90% of its investment company taxable income (generally, its net ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses, determined without
regard to the dividends paid deduction). In order for the Company not to be subject to U.S. federal excise taxes, it must distribute annually an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98% of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain
deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2% of its capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary income and capital gains in
excess of capital losses for preceding years that were not distributed during such years. The Company, at its discretion, may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year dividends and pay a 4% nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on
this income. If the Company chooses to do so, this generally would increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to unitholders. The Company will accrue excise tax on estimated undistributed taxable income as required.  
  Distributions     Distributions from net
investment income and net realized capital gains are determined in accordance with U.S. federal income tax regulations, which may differ from those amounts determined in accordance with GAAP. The Company may pay distributions in excess of its
taxable net investment income. This excess would be a tax-free return of capital in the period and reduce the unitholder s  
      12  

tax basis in its units. These book/tax differences are either temporary or permanent in nature. To the extent these differences are permanent they are charged or credited to common units,
accumulated undistributed net investment income or accumulated net realized gain (loss), as appropriate, in the period that the differences arise. Temporary and permanent differences are primarily attributable to differences in the tax treatment of
certain loans and the tax characterization of income and non-deductible expenses. These differences are generally determined in conjunction with the preparation of the Company s annual RIC tax return. Distributions to common unitholders are
recorded on the ex-dividend date. The amount to be paid out as a distribution is determined by the Board of Directors each quarter and is generally based upon the earnings estimated by the Investment Adviser. The Company may pay distributions to its
unitholders in a year in excess of its net ordinary income and capital gains for that year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company intends to timely
distribute to its unitholders substantially all of its annual taxable income for each year, except that the Company may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of the Company s taxable income earned in a
year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. The specific tax characteristics of the Company s distributions will be reported to unitholders
after the end of the calendar year. All distributions will be subject to available funds, and no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to declare such distributions in future periods.  
  Organization Costs     Organization costs
include costs relating to the formation and organization of the Company. These costs are expensed as incurred. Upon the Initial Drawdown Date, unitholders bore such costs. Unitholders making capital commitments after the Initial Drawdown Date will
bear a pro rata portion of such costs at the time of their first investment in the Company.     Offering Costs   
 Offering costs in connection with the continuous private offering of common units of the Company consist primarily of fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the offering of units, including legal, printing and other costs, as well as costs associated with the preparation and filing of the Company s registration statement on Form 10. Offering costs are recognized as a
deferred charge and are amortized on a straight line basis over 12 months beginning on the date of commencement of investment operations.      

3.  
  SIGNIFICANT AGREEMENTS AND RELATED PARTIES        Investment Advisory Agreement   
 The Company entered into an investment advisory agreement effective as of April 11, 2016 (the  Investment Advisory Agreement )
with the Investment Adviser, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser manages the Company s investment program and related activities.     Management
Fee     The Company pays the Investment Adviser a management fee (the  Management Fee ), payable quarterly in arrears, equal to
0.375% (i.e., an annual rate of 1.50%) of the average net asset value ( NAV ) of the Company (including un-invested cash and cash equivalents) at the end of the then-current quarter and the prior calendar quarter (and, in the case of the
Company s first quarter, the Company s NAV as of such quarter-end). The Management Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated.  
      13  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016
(inception) to September 30, 2016, Management Fees amounted to $611.    The Investment Adviser has voluntary agreed to waive
$391 of the Management Fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, net Management Fees payable amounted to
$220.     Incentive Fee     Pursuant to the
Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company pays to the Investment Adviser an Incentive Fee (the  Incentive Fee ) as follows:      

a) 
   First, no Incentive Fee will be payable to the Investment Adviser until the Company has made cumulative
distributions pursuant to this clause (a) equal to aggregate Contributed Capital (as defined below);         

b) 
   Second, no Incentive Fee will be payable to the Investment Adviser until the Company has made cumulative
distributions pursuant to this clause (b) equal to a 7% return per annum, compounded annually, on aggregate unreturned Contributed Capital, from the date each capital contribution is made through the date such capital has been returned;

c) 
   Third, subject to clauses (a) and (b), the Investment Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee equal
to 100% of all amounts designated by the Company as proceeds intended for distribution and Incentive Fee payments, until such time as the cumulative Incentive Fee paid to the Investment Adviser pursuant to this clause (c) is equal to 15% of the
amount by which the sum of (i) cumulative distributions to unitholders pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above and (ii) the cumulative Incentive Fee previously paid to the Investment Adviser pursuant to this clause exceeds
Contributed Capital; and         

d) 
   Fourth, at any time that clause (c) has been satisfied, the Investment Adviser will be entitled to an
Incentive Fee equal to 15% of all amounts designated by the Company as proceeds intended for distribution and Incentive Fee payments.     
 The Incentive Fee is calculated on a cumulative basis and the amount of the Incentive Fee payable prior to a proposed distribution will be
determined and, if applicable, paid in accordance with the foregoing formula each time amounts are to be distributed to the unitholders. The Incentive Fee is a fee owed by the Company to the Investment Adviser and is not paid out of distributions
made to unitholders.    In no event will an amount be paid with respect to the Incentive Fee to the extent it would cause the aggregate
amount of the Company s capital gains paid in respect of the Incentive Fee to exceed 20% of the Company s realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation, in each case determined on a
cumulative basis from inception of the Company through the date of the proposed payment (the  Incentive Fee Cap ).  
  Contributed Capital  is the aggregate amount of capital contributions that have been made by all unitholders in respect of their
units to the Company. All distributions (or deemed distributions), including investment income (i.e. proceeds received in respect of interest payments, dividends and fees) and proceeds attributable to the repayment or disposition of any Investment,
to unitholders will be considered a return of Contributed Capital. Unreturned Contributed Capital equals aggregate Contributed Capital minus cumulative distributions, but is never less than zero.  
 The term  proceeds intended for distribution and Incentive Fee payments  includes proceeds from the full or partial realization of
the Company s Investments and income from investing activities and may include return of capital, ordinary income and capital gains.  
 If, at the termination of the Company, the Investment Adviser has received aggregate payments of Incentive Fees in excess of the amount the
Investment Adviser would have received had the Incentive Fees been determined upon such termination, then the Investment Adviser will reimburse the Company for the difference between the amount of Incentive Fees actually received and the amount
determined at termination (the  Investment Adviser Reimbursement Obligation ). However, the Investment Adviser will not be required to reimburse the Company an amount greater than the aggregate Incentive Fees paid to the Investment
Adviser, reduced  
      14  

by the excess (if any) of (a) the aggregate federal, state and local income tax liability the Investment Adviser incurred in connection with the payment of such Incentive Fees (assuming the
highest marginal applicable federal and New York city and state income tax rates applied to such payments), over (b) an amount equal to the U.S. federal and state tax benefits available to the Investment Adviser by virtue of the payment made by
the Investment Adviser pursuant to its Investment Adviser Reimbursement Obligation (assuming that, to the extent such payments are deductible by the Investment Adviser, the benefit of such deductions will be computed using the then highest marginal
applicable federal and New York city and state income tax rates).    If the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated prior to the
termination of the Company (other than the Investment Adviser voluntarily terminating the agreement), the Company will pay to the Investment Adviser a final Incentive Fee payment (the  Final Incentive Fee Payment ). The Final Incentive Fee
Payment will be calculated as of the date the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated and will equal the amount of Incentive Fee that would be payable to the Investment Adviser if (a) all Investments were liquidated for their current value
(but without taking into account any unrealized appreciation of any Investment), and any unamortized deferred Investment-related fees would be deemed accelerated, (b) the proceeds from such liquidation were used to pay all the Company s
outstanding liabilities, and (c) the remainder was distributed to unitholders and paid as Incentive Fee in accordance with the Incentive Fee waterfall described above for determining the amount of the Incentive Fee, subject to the Incentive Fee
Cap. The Company will make the Final Incentive Fee Payment in cash on or immediately following the date the Investment Advisory Agreement is so terminated. The Investment Adviser Reimbursement Obligation will be determined as of the date of the
termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement for purposes of the Final Incentive Fee Payment.    For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, the Company did not accrue Incentive Fees.  
  Expense Limitation     Pursuant to the
Investment Advisory Agreement, Company expenses borne by the Company in the ordinary course on an annual basis (excluding Management Fee, Incentive Fee, organizational and start-up expenses and leverage-related expenses) will not exceed an amount
equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount of commitments to the Company by holders of its common units; provided, however, that expenses incurred outside of the ordinary course, including litigation and similar expenses, are not subject to such cap. For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, there was no reimbursement from the Investment Adviser pursuant to this provision.  
  Administration and Custodian Fees     The
Company has entered into an administration agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company (the  Administrator ) under which the Administrator provides various accounting and administrative services to the Company. The Company pays the
Administrator fees for its services as it determines are commercially reasonable in its sole discretion. The Company also reimburses the Administrator for all reasonable expenses. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions,
the Administrator pays any compensation associated with such functions. The Administrator also serves as the Company s custodian (the  Custodian ).  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, the Company
incurred expenses for services provided by the Administrator and the Custodian of $69, of which $69 remained payable.     Transfer Agent Fees   
 State Street Bank and Trust Company serves as the Company s transfer agent ( Transfer Agent ), registrar and disbursing agent.
For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, the Company incurred expenses for services provided by the Transfer Agent of $14, of which $14 remained payable.  
      15  

Affiliates   
 The Company s investments in affiliates for the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

(1)   
   
   Fund advised by an affiliate of Goldman Sachs.     

(2)  
   
     Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of
investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest or dividends, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this
category from a different category.     

(3)   
   
   Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections
related to investment repayments or sales, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category into a different category.     

4.  
  INVESTMENTS       As of September 30, 2016, the Company s investments (excluding an
investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc. of $153,004) consisted of the following:      
   As of September 30, 2016, the industry composition of the Company s portfolio at fair value was as follows:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, the geographic composition of the Company s portfolio at fair value was as follows:  

16  

5.  
  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT       The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that
would be received to sell an asset or would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price).  
 The fair value hierarchy under ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the
highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The levels used for classifying investments are not
necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:  
  Basis of Fair Value Measurement     Level 1
  Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices available in active markets for identical instruments as of the reporting date. The types of financial instruments included in Level 1 include unrestricted securities, including equities
and derivatives, listed in active markets.    Level 2   Inputs to the valuation methodology are other than quoted prices in active
markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. The types of financial instruments in this category include less liquid and restricted securities listed in active markets, securities traded in other than active
markets, government and agency securities and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs.  
 Level 3   Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to overall fair value measurement. The inputs into the
determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are included in this category include investments in privately held entities and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value
is based on unobservable inputs.    A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any
input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Note 2  Significant Accounting Policies  should be read in conjunction with the information outlined below.  
 The table below presents the valuation techniques and the nature of significant inputs generally used in determining the fair value of Level 2
Instruments.      

Level 2 Instruments  
    
  Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs   

Equity and Fixed Income  
    
   The types of instruments that trade in markets that are not considered to be
active but are valued based on quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency include commercial paper, most government agency obligations, most corporate debt
securities, certain mortgage-backed securities, certain bank loans, less liquid publicly listed equities, certain state and municipal obligations, certain money market instruments and certain loan commitments. 
     Valuations of Level 2 Equity and Fixed Income instruments
can be verified to quoted prices, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. Consideration is given to the nature of the quotations (e.g. indicative or firm) and the relationship of
recent market activity to the prices provided from alternative pricing sources.   
 
      17  

The table below presents the valuation techniques and the nature of significant inputs generally
used in determining the fair value of Level 3 Instruments.      

Level 3 Instruments  
    
  Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs   

Bank Loans, Corporate Debt, and Other Debt Obligations  
    
   Valuations are generally based on discounted cash flow techniques, for which the
significant inputs are the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, market yields and recovery assumptions. The significant inputs are generally determined based on relative value analyses, which incorporate comparisons both to credit
default swaps that reference the same underlying credit risk and to other debt instruments for the same issuer for which observable prices or broker quotes are available. Other valuation methodologies are used as appropriate including market
comparables, transactions in similar instruments and recovery/liquidation analysis.   
 
  Equity  
    
   Recent third-party investments or pending transactions are considered to be the
best evidence for any change in fair value. When these are not available, the following valuation methodologies are used, as appropriate and available: 
      Transactions in similar instruments; 
      Discounted cash flow techniques; 
      Third party appraisals; and 
      Industry multiples and public comparables. 
 Evidence includes recent or pending reorganizations (for example, merger proposals, tender offers and debt restructurings) and significant
changes in financial metrics, including:        Current financial performance
as compared to projected performance;        Capitalization rates and multiples; and 
      Market yields implied by transactions of similar or related assets.   
   As of September 30, 2016 there were no unobservable inputs developed by the Investment Adviser for any level 3 assets.
   The following is a summary of the Company s assets categorized within the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016:  
   
   The following is a reconciliation of Level 3 assets for the period ended September 30, 2016:  

(1)  
   
     Purchases may include PIK securities received in corporate
actions and restructurings. Sales and Settlements may include securities delivered in corporate actions and restructuring of investments.     

(2)   
   
   Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) relating to assets still held at September 30, 2016
totaled $(24), consisting of the following: 1st Lien/Senior Secured Debt $(14), 1st Lien/Last-Out Unitranche $0, 2nd Lien/Senior Secured Debt $(10), and Preferred Stock $0.     
      18  

Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the
reporting period in which they occur.     Debt   
 The fair value of the Company s debt, which would have been categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy as of
September 30, 2016, approximates its carrying value.      
   In accordance with the Investment Company Act, with certain exceptions, the
Company is only allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least 2 to 1 after such borrowing. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s outstanding borrowings were $137,500
and the Company s asset coverage ratio was 2.20 to 1.     Revolving Credit Facility   
 The Company entered into a Revolving Credit Facility on July 18, 2016 with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent (the
 Administrative Agent ), lead arranger, letter of credit issuer and lender. The maximum principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility is $250 million of which $138 million was drawn as of September 30, 2016, subject to
availability under the  Borrowing Base.  The Borrowing Base is calculated based on the unfunded capital commitments of the investors meeting various eligibility requirements (subject to investor concentration limits) multiplied by
specified advance rates. The Company has the ability to increase the maximum principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility up to $750 million, subject to increasing commitments of existing lenders and/or obtaining commitments of new lenders and
certain other conditions. The Revolving Credit Facility will mature on July 17, 2018, subject to extension with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the extending lenders, and certain other conditions.  
 Interest rates on obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are based on either (i) the prevailing London Interbank Offered Rate
( LIBOR ) for one, two, three or six months plus 2.25% per annum or (ii) an alternate base rate (the greater of the prime rate of such commercial bank, the federal funds rate plus 0.5%, and LIBOR plus 1.00%) plus 1.25% per
annum. The Company has the ability to elect either LIBOR or the alternative base rate at the time of draw-down, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. The Company pays a fee of 0.25% per
annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, payable quarterly in arrears.    Amounts drawn under the
Revolving Credit Facility may be prepaid at any time without premium or penalty, subject to applicable breakage costs. Loans are subject to mandatory prepayment for amounts exceeding the Borrowing Base or the lenders  aggregate commitment and
to the extent required to comply with the Investment Company Act, as applied to BDCs. Transfers of interests in our common units by investors are subject to certain restrictions and may trigger mandatory prepayment obligations.  
 The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by a perfected first priority security interest in the unfunded capital commitments of the
Company s investors (with certain exceptions) and the proceeds thereof, including assignment of the right to make capital calls, receive and apply capital contributions, and enforce remedies and claims related thereto, and a pledge of the
collateral account into which capital call proceeds are deposited. Additionally, under the Revolving Credit Facility, the lenders can directly require investors to fund their capital commitments, but lenders cannot seek recourse against a unitholder
in excess of such unitholder s obligation to contribute capital to the Company.    The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary
representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants, including without limitation, treatment as a RIC under the Code and as a BDC under the Investment Company Act and restrictions on certain operations, including without limitation
certain distributions. The Revolving Credit Facility includes customary conditions precedent to draw-down of loans and customary events of default. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.  
      19  

Costs of $1,751 were incurred in connection with obtaining the Revolving Credit Facility, which
have been recorded as deferred financing costs on the Statement of Financial Condition and are being amortized over the life of the Revolving Credit Facility using the straight-line method.  
 The summary information of the Revolving Credit Facility for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9,
2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, is as follows:      

* 
   
   Average outstanding debt balance was calculated beginning on July 18, 2016, the date in which the Company
entered into the Revolving Credit Facility.         

7.  
  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES        Capital Commitments   
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had aggregate capital commitments and undrawn capital commitments from investors as follows:  
   
    Portfolio Company Commitments   
 The Company had no unfunded commitments to portfolio companies as of September 30, 2016.  
  Contingencies     In the normal course of
business, the Company enters into contracts that provide a variety of general indemnifications. Any exposure of the Company under these arrangements could involve future claims that may be made against the Company. Currently, no such claims exist or
are expected to arise and, accordingly, the Company has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications.  
      20  

8.  
  MEMBERS  CAPITAL        Capital Drawdowns   
 The following table summarizes the total common units issued and proceeds received related to capital drawdowns delivered pursuant to the
Subscription Agreements during the period ended September 30, 2016:      
    Distributions     As of
September 30, 2016, no distributions had been declared or paid by the Company.      

9.  
  EARNINGS PER UNIT       The following information sets forth the computation of basic and
diluted earnings per unit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016:      
   Diluted earnings per unit equal basic earnings per unit because there were no unit equivalents outstanding
during the period presented.      

10.  
  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS       Below is the schedule of financial highlights of the Company:  

(1)   
   
   The per unit data was derived by using the weighted average units outstanding during the period.

(2)   
   
   Total Return based on net asset value is calculated as the change in net asset value per unit during the period

(3)   
   
   Annualized except for certain operating expenses.     

(4)   
   
   Annualized.     
      21  

Subsequent events after the Statement of Financial Condition date
have been evaluated through the date the unaudited financial statements were available to be issued. Other than the items discussed below, the Company has concluded that there is no impact requiring adjustment or disclosure in the financial
statements.    On November 1, 2016, the Board of Directors approved an amended and restated limited liability company agreement and approved
an extension of the Final Closing Date to May 5, 2017.  
      22  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  The following discussion and other parts of this report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and
uncertainties. References to  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company,  mean Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC, unless otherwise specified. The discussion and analysis contained in this section refers
to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. Please see  Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with this discussion and analysis. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking
information due to factors discussed under  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  appearing elsewhere in this report.   
  OVERVIEW     We are a
specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. We are a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the  Investment Company Act ). In addition, we intend to elect to be treated as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ),
commencing with our taxable year ending December 31, 2016. From our commencement of investment operations on July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016, we originated $146.12 million in aggregate principal amount of debt and equity
investments prior to any subsequent exits and repayments. We seek to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, first lien/last-out unitranche
and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments.  
  Unitranche  loans are first lien loans that may extend deeper in a company s capital structure than
traditional first lien debt and may provide for a waterfall of cash flow priority between different lenders in the unitranche loan. From time to time, we may find another lender to provide the  first out  portion of such loan and retain a
 last out  portion of the loan, in which case, the  first out  portion of the loan would generally receive priority with respect to payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder over the  last
out  portion that we would continue to hold. The term  mezzanine  refers to a loan that ranks senior only to a borrower s equity securities and ranks junior in right of payment to all of such borrower s other
indebtedness.    We expect to invest, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of our net assets (plus any borrowings for
investment purposes), directly or indirectly in private middle-market credit obligations and related instruments. We define  credit obligations and related instruments  for this purpose as any fixed-income instrument, including loans
to, and bonds and preferred stock of, portfolio companies and other instruments that provide exposure to such fixed-income instruments.  Middle market  is used to refer to companies with earnings before interest expense, income tax
expense, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) of between $5 million and $75 million annually. While, as a result of fluctuations in the net asset value ( NAV ) of one asset relative to another asset, private middle-market
credit obligations and related instruments may represent less than 80% of our net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) at any time, we may not invest, under normal circumstances, more than 20% of our net assets (plus any borrowings
for investment purposes) in securities and other instruments that are not private middle-market credit obligations and related instruments. To the extent we determine to invest indirectly in private middle-market credit obligations and related
instruments, we may invest through certain synthetic instruments, including derivatives, that have similar economic characteristics to private middle-market credit obligations. For purposes of determining compliance with our 80% policy, each
applicable derivative instrument will be valued based upon its market value. We will notify unitholders at least 60 days prior to any change to the 80% investment policy described above.  
 We expect to directly or indirectly invest at least 70% of our total assets in middle-market companies domiciled in the United
States. However, we may from time to time invest opportunistically in large U.S. companies, non-U.S. companies, stressed or distressed debt, structured products, private equity or other opportunities, subject to limits imposed by the Investment
Company Act.    While our investment program is expected to focus primarily on debt investments, our investments may include
equity features, such as a direct investment in the equity or convertible securities of a portfolio company or warrants or options to buy a minority interest in a portfolio company. Any warrants we may receive with debt securities will
generally require only a nominal cost to exercise, so as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from these equity investments. We may structure the warrants to provide provisions protecting our
rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the portfolio company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also obtain registration rights in connection with these
equity investments, which may include demand and  piggyback  registration rights.  
      23  

KEY COMPONENTS OF OPERATIONS   
   Investments      We
expect that our level of investment activity will vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity
for such companies, the general economic environment, the amount of capital we have available to us and the competitive environment for the type of investments we make.  
 As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than  qualifying assets  specified in the Investment Company Act,
unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70% of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in  eligible portfolio companies.  Pursuant to rules adopted by
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ),  eligible portfolio companies  include certain companies that do not have any securities listed on a national securities exchange and public companies whose securities are
listed on a national securities exchange but whose market capitalization is less than $250 million.      Revenues    
 We generate revenue in the form of interest income on debt investments and, to a lesser extent, capital gains and
distributions, if any, on equity securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Some of our investments may provide for deferred interest payments or payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest. The principal amount of the debt investments
and any accrued but unpaid interest generally becomes due at the maturity date.    We generate revenues primarily through
receipt of interest income from the investments we hold. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting fees. Portfolio company fees
(directors  fees, consulting fees, administrative fees, tax advisory fees and other similar compensation) will be paid to us, unless, to the extent required by applicable law or exemptive relief, if any, therefrom, we receive our allocable
portion of such fees when invested in the same portfolio company as other Accounts (as defined below), which other Accounts could receive their allocable portion of such fee. We do not expect to receive material fees as it is not our principal
investment strategy. We record contractual prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. The accounts of Goldman Sachs and its clients as well as the relationships and products of Goldman Sachs are collectively referred to as
the  Accounts.  The term  Goldman Sachs  refers to Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., ( Group Inc. ) together with Goldman, Sachs   Co., Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. ( GSAM ) and its other subsidiaries.
   Dividend income on preferred equity investments is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are
payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity investments is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies and on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies.
Interest and dividend income are presented net of withholding tax, if any.      Expenses    
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee to GSAM, a Delaware limited
partnership and an affiliate of Goldman, Sachs   Co., our investment adviser (the  Investment Adviser ), legal and professional fees, interest and credit facility expenses and other operating and overhead related expenses. The
Management Fee and Incentive Fee compensate our Investment Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, Company expenses borne by us in the
ordinary course on an annual basis (excluding Management Fees, Incentive Fees, organizational and start-up expenses and leverage-related expenses) will not exceed an amount equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount of commitments to us by holders of our
common units; provided, however, that expenses incurred outside of the ordinary course, including litigation and similar expenses, are not subject to such cap. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions in accordance
with our Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement, including those relating to:      

our operational and organizational expenses;     

fees and expenses, including travel expenses, incurred by our Investment Adviser or payable to third parties
related to our investments, including, among others, professional fees (including the fees and expenses of consultants and experts) and fees and expenses from evaluating, monitoring, researching and performing due diligence on investments and
prospective investments;     
      24  

interest, fees and other expenses payable on indebtedness for borrowed money (including through the issuance
of notes and other evidence of indebtedness), other indebtedness, financings or extensions of credit, if any, incurred by us;         

fees and expenses incurred by us in connection with membership in investment company organizations;

brokers  commissions;     

fees and expenses associated with calculating our NAV (including the costs and expenses of any independent
valuation firm);         

legal, auditing or accounting expenses;     

taxes or governmental fees;     

the fees and expenses of our administrator, transfer agent, or sub-transfer agent;     

the cost of preparing unit certificates or any other expenses, including clerical expenses of issue or
repurchase of our units;         

the expenses of and fees for registering or qualifying our units for sale and of maintaining our registration
or qualifying and registering us as a broker or a dealer;         

the fees and expenses of our directors who are not affiliated with our Investment Adviser;

the cost of preparing and distributing reports, proxy statements and notices to our unitholders, the SEC and
other regulatory authorities;         

costs of holding unitholder meetings;     

the fees or disbursements of custodians of our assets, including expenses incurred in the performance of any
obligations enumerated by limited liability company agreement or other organizational documents insofar as they govern agreements with any such custodian;         

insurance premiums; and     

costs incurred in connection with any claim, litigation, arbitration, mediation, government investigation or
dispute in connection with our business and the amount of any judgment or settlement paid in connection therewith, or the enforcement of our rights against any person and indemnification or contribution expenses payable by us to any person and other
extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of our business.       The Investment Adviser will
not be required to pay expenses of activities which are primarily intended to result in sales of units.    We expect our
general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset growth and to increase during periods of asset declines. Costs relating to future offerings of securities would be
incremental.      Leverage    
 Our revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ) with Bank of America, N.A. as the administrative
agent, lead arranger, letter of credit issuer and lender, allows us to borrow money and lever our investment portfolio, subject to the limitations of the Investment Company Act, with the objective of increasing our yield. This is known as
 leverage  and could increase or decrease returns to our unitholders. The use of leverage involves significant risks. As a BDC, with certain limited exceptions, we are only permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as
defined in the Investment Company Act, equals at least 2 to 1 after such borrowing. Certain trading practices and investments, such as reverse repurchase agreements, may be considered borrowings or involve leverage and thus may be subject to
Investment Company Act restrictions. In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations, when we engage in such transactions, instead of maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 2 to 1, we may segregate or earmark liquid
assets, or enter into an offsetting position, in an amount at least equal to our exposure, on a mark-to-market basis, to such transactions (as calculated pursuant to requirements of the SEC). Short-term credits necessary for the settlement of
securities transactions and arrangements with respect to securities lending will not be considered borrowings for these purposes. Practices and investments that may involve leverage but are not considered borrowings are not subject to the Investment
Company Act s asset coverage requirement and we will not otherwise segregate or earmark liquid assets or enter into offsetting positions for such transactions. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on our Investment Adviser s
and our Board of Directors  assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing.  
      25  

PORTFOLIO AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY   
 As of September 30, 2016, our portfolio (excluding our investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group
Inc. of $153.00 million), consisted of the following:      
   As of September 30, 2016, the weighted average yield on our portfolio (excluding our
investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc.), at cost and fair value, were as follows:      

(1)   
   
   Computed based on the (a) annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus amortization of fees and
discounts on the performing debt and other income producing investments, divided by (b) the total investments (including investments on non-accrual and non-income producing investments) at amortized cost or fair value, respectively.
      The following table presents certain selected information regarding our investment portfolio (excluding
our investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc.) as of September 30, 2016:      

(1)   
   
   Measured on a fair value basis. Excludes investments, if any, placed on non-accrual.     

(2)   
   
   Includes income producing preferred stock investments.     

(3)   
   
   For a particular portfolio company, EBITDA typically represents net income before net interest expense, income
tax expense, depreciation and amortization. The weighted average net debt to EBITDA represents the last dollar attachment point of our debt investments (net of cash) in our portfolio companies as a multiple of EBITDA. Weighted average net debt to
EBITDA and median EBITDA have been calculated as a percentage of debt investments and income producing preferred investments, excluding collateral loans where net debt to EBITDA may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk. The weighted average
interest coverage ratio (EBITDA to total interest expense) of our portfolio companies reflects our performing portfolio companies  EBITDA as a multiple of interest expense and has been calculated as a percentage of performing debt investments
and income producing preferred investments, excluding collateral loans. Portfolio company statistics are derived from the most recently available financial statements of each portfolio company as of the respective reported end date. Portfolio
company statistics have not been independently verified by us and may reflect a normalized or adjusted amount.     
 Our Investment Adviser monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. It monitors the financial trends of each
portfolio company to determine if they are meeting their respective business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. Our Investment Adviser has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair
value of our investments, which may include the following:      

assessment of success in adhering to the portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants;
    
      26  

periodic or regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic
sponsor to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments;         

comparisons to our other portfolio companies in the industry, if any;     

attendance at and participation in board meetings or presentations by portfolio companies; and

review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections of portfolio companies.
      As part of the monitoring process, our Investment Adviser also employs an investment rating system to
categorize our investments. In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, our Investment Adviser grades the credit risk of all investments on a scale of 1 to 4. This system is intended primarily to reflect the underlying risk of a
portfolio investment relative to our cost basis in respect of such portfolio investment, although it may also take into account the performance of the portfolio company s business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant
factors. The grading system is as follows:      

investments with a grade of 1 involve the least amount of risk to our initial cost basis. The trends and risk
factors for this investment since origination or acquisition are generally favorable, which may include the performance of the portfolio company or a potential exit;     

investments graded 2 involve a level of risk to our initial cost basis that is similar to the risk to our
initial cost basis at the time of origination or acquisition. This portfolio company is generally performing as expected and the risk factors to our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of our investment are neutral to favorable. All investments or
acquired investments in new portfolio companies are initially assessed a grade of 2;         

investments graded 3 indicate that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment
has increased materially since origination or acquisition, including as a result of factors such as declining performance and non-compliance with debt covenants; however, payments are generally not more than 120 days past due; and

an investment grade of 4 indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such
investment has substantially increased since origination or acquisition, and the portfolio company likely has materially declining performance. For debt investments with an investment grade of 4, most or all of the debt covenants are out of
compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. For investments graded 4, it is anticipated that we will not recoup our initial cost basis and may realize a substantial loss of our initial cost basis upon exit.     
 Our Investment Adviser grades the investments in our portfolio at least quarterly and it is possible that the grade of a
portfolio investment may be reduced or increased over time. For investments graded 3 or 4, our Investment Adviser enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. The following table shows the composition of our
portfolio (excluding our investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc.) on the 1 to 4 grading scale as of September 30, 2016.      
 
      27  

The following table shows the amortized cost of our performing and non-accrual
investments as of September 30, 2016:      
   Loans or debt securities are placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that
principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest generally is reversed when a loan or debt security is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans or debt securities may be recognized as income or applied
to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual loans and debt securities are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. We may make
exceptions to this treatment if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection.    The
following table shows our investment activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016 by investment type:      

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   

($ in millions)    

Amount of investments committed at cost (1) :  

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
    
 $ 
 33.32 

First Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

23.52 

Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

88.28 

Preferred Stock 

1.00 

Total   
    
  $  
  146.12  

Proceeds from investments sold or repaid:  

First Lien/Senior Secured Debt 
    
 $ 

First Lien/Last-Out Unitranche 

Second Lien/Senior Secured Debt 

Preferred Stock 

Total   
    
  $  

Net increase (decrease) in portfolio   
    
  $  
  146.12  

Number of new investment commitments in new portfolio companies (2)   

8 

Total new investment commitment amount in new portfolio companies (2)   
    
 $ 
 146.12 

Average new investment commitment amount in new portfolio companies (2)   
    
 $ 
 18.27 

Weighted average remaining term for new investment commitments in new portfolio companies (in years) (2)(3)   

5.8 

Number of new investment commitments in existing portfolio companies (2)   

Total new investment commitment amount in existing portfolio companies (2)   
    
 $ 

Percentage of new debt investment commitments in new portfolio companies at floating interest rates (2)   

87.5% 

Percentage of new debt investment commitments in new portfolio companies at fixed interest rates (2)   

12.5% 

Weighted average stated interest rate of new investment commitments in new portfolio companies (2)   

9.4% 

Weighted average spread over base rate of new floating rate investment commitments in new portfolio companies (2)   

7.8% 

Weighted average stated interest rate on investments sold or paid down  

% 

(1)   
   
   Net of capitalized fees, expenses and original issue discounts.     

(2)   
   
   May include positions originated during the period but not held at the reporting date.     

(3)   
   
   Calculated as of the end of the relevant period and the maturity date of the individual investments.
    
      28  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 Our operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to
September 30, 2016 were as follows:      
   Net increase in net assets resulting from operations after tax can vary from period to period
as a result of various factors, including acquisitions, the level of new investment commitments, the recognition of realized gains and losses and changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on the investment portfolio. As a result,
comparisons may not be meaningful.      Investment Income        
   Investment income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from June 9,
2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016 is driven by our deployment of capital and increasing invested balance.  
      29  

Expenses        
   Management fees before waivers for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the
period from June 9, 2016 (inception) through September 30, 2016 were driven by the increase in our Members  Capital. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) through
September 30, 2016, we accrued gross management fees before waivers of $0.61 million. Offsetting those fees, we received management fee waivers of $0.39 million, which resulted in net management fees of $0.22 million.  
 We have incurred expenses related to our formation, organization and continuous offering of our common units. For the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) through September 30, 2016, we incurred organization costs of $0.02 million and $0.36 million, respectively. For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) through September 30, 2016, we accrued for offering costs of $0.39 million and $0.39 million, respectively. 
 Interest and credit facility expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from June 9, 2016
(inception) through September 30, 2016 were $0.44 million and $0.44 million, respectively, due to our entry into the Revolving Credit Facility.  
 In addition, our expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from June 9, 2016 (inception)
through September 30, 2016 consisted of $0.22 million and $0.22 million in professional fees, and $0.19 million and $0.19 million of other general and administrative expenses, respectively. 
      30  

Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments    
 Any changes in fair value are recorded in change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments. For further details
on the valuation process, refer to  Critical Accounting Policies Valuation of Portfolio Investments.  Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the period from
June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016 were as follows:      
   The change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, and the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016 consisted of the following:      
 
      31  

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
 The primary use of existing funds and any funds raised in the future is expected to be for our investments in portfolio
companies, cash distributions to our unitholders or for other general corporate purposes, including paying for operating expenses or debt service to the extent we borrow or issue senior securities.  
 We expect to generate cash primarily from the net proceeds of any future offerings of securities, future borrowings and cash
flows from operations. To the extent we determine that additional capital would allow us to take advantage of additional investment opportunities, if the market for debt financing presents attractively priced debt financing opportunities, or if our
Board of Directors otherwise determines that leveraging our portfolio would be in our best interest and the best interests of our unitholders, we may enter into credit facilities in addition to our Revolving Credit Facility as discussed below, or
issue other senior securities. We would expect any such credit facilities may be secured by certain of our assets and may contain advance rates based upon pledged collateral. The pricing and other terms of any such facilities would depend upon
market conditions when we enter into any such facilities as well as the performance of our business, among other factors. In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations, as a BDC, with certain limited exceptions, we are only
permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least 2 to 1 after such borrowing. As of September 30, 2016, our asset coverage ratio was 2.20 to 1. We may also refinance or
repay any of our indebtedness at any time based on our financial condition and market conditions.    As of
September 30, 2016, we had cash of approximately $2.88 million. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, we had an investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc. of $153.00 million. Cash used by operating activities
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $298.09 million, primarily driven by purchases of investments of $146.12 million, net purchase of investments in the affiliated money market fund of $153 million,
and decrease in net assets resulting from operations of $0.58 million, partially offset by proceeds from other operating activities of $1.61 million. Cash provided by financing activities for the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to
September 30, 2016 was approximately $300.97 million, primarily driven by proceeds from the issuance of common units of $164.88 and borrowings on debt of $137.50 million, partially offset by other financing activities of $1.41
million.    We may raise capital by securitizing certain of our investments, including through the formation of one or more
collateralized loan obligations or asset based facilities, while retaining all or most of the exposure to the performance of these investments. This would involve contributing a pool of assets to a special purpose entity, and selling debt interests
in such entity on a non-recourse or limited-recourse basis to purchasers. We may also pursue other forms of debt financing, including potentially from the Small Business Administration through a future small business investment company subsidiary.
   Credit Alternatives GP LLC, (the  Initial Member ), an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, made a capital
contribution to us of $100 on June 9, 2016 and served as our sole initial member. We cancelled the Initial Member s interest in the Company on July 14, 2016. On May 6, 2016 (the  Initial Closing Date ), the Company
began accepting subscription agreements ( Subscription Agreements ) from investors acquiring common units in our private offering. Under the terms of the Subscription Agreements, investors are required to make capital contributions up to
the amount of their undrawn capital commitment to purchase units each time we deliver a drawdown notice.    As of
September 30, 2016, we had aggregate capital commitments and undrawn capital commitments from investors as follows:      
 
      32  

The following table summarizes the total units issued and proceeds received
related to capital drawdowns delivered pursuant to the subscription agreements from investors acquiring units in our private offering during the period from June 9, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016:  
   
     Contractual Obligations    
 We have entered into certain contracts under which we have future commitments. Payments under the Investment Management
Agreement, pursuant to which GSAM has agreed to serve as our Investment Adviser, are equal to (1) a percentage of our average net asset value and (2) an Incentive Fee based on investment performance. Under the Administration Agreement,
pursuant to which State Street Bank and Trust Company has agreed to furnish us with the administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations, we pay our administrator such fees as may be agreed between us and our administrator that
we determine are commercially reasonable in our sole discretion. Either party may terminate the Investment Management Agreement without penalty on least 60 days  written notice to the other party. Either party may terminate the Administration
Agreement without penalty upon at least 30 days  written notice to the other party.    The following table shows our
contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016:      
     Revolving Credit Facility    
 We entered into a Revolving Credit Facility on July 18, 2016 with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent (the
 Administrative Agent ), lead arranger, letter of credit issuer and lender. The maximum principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility is $250 million of which $137.5 million was drawn as of September 30, 2016, subject to
availability under the  Borrowing Base.  The Borrowing Base is calculated based on the unfunded capital commitments of the investors meeting various eligibility requirements (subject to investor concentration limits) multiplied by
specified advance rates. We have the ability to increase the maximum principal amount of the Revolving Credit Facility up to $750 million, subject to increasing commitments of existing lenders and/or obtaining commitments of new lenders and certain
other conditions. The Revolving Credit Facility will mature on July 17, 2018, subject to extension with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the extending lenders, and certain other conditions.  
 Interest rates on obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are based on either (i) the prevailing London Interbank
Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) for one, two, three or six months plus 2.25% per annum or (ii) an alternate base rate (the greater of the prime rate of such commercial bank, the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, and LIBOR plus 1.00%) plus
1.25% per annum. We have the ability to elect either LIBOR or the alternative base rate at the time of draw-down, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time, subject to certain conditions. We pay a fee of 0.25% per
annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, payable quarterly in arrears.    Amounts drawn
under the Revolving Credit Facility may be prepaid at any time without premium or penalty, subject to applicable breakage costs. Loans are subject to mandatory prepayment for amounts exceeding the Borrowing Base or the lenders  aggregate
commitment and to the extent required to comply with the Investment Company Act, as applied to BDCs. Transfers of interests in our common units by investors are subject to certain restrictions and may trigger mandatory prepayment obligations.  
      33  

The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by a perfected first priority security
interest in the unfunded capital commitments of our investors (with certain exceptions) and the proceeds thereof, including assignment of the right to make capital calls, receive and apply capital contributions, and enforce remedies and claims
related thereto, and a pledge of the collateral account into which capital call proceeds are deposited. Additionally, under the Revolving Credit Facility, the lenders can directly require investors to fund their capital commitments, but lenders
cannot seek recourse against a unitholder in excess of such unitholder s obligation to contribute capital to us.    The
Revolving Credit Facility contains customary representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants, including without limitation, treatment as a RIC under the Code and as a BDC under the Investment Company Act and restrictions on
certain operations, including without limitation, certain distributions. The Revolving Credit Facility includes customary conditions precedent to draw-down of loans and customary events of default. As of September 30, 2016, we were in
compliance with these covenants.    Costs of $1.75 million were incurred in connection with obtaining the Revolving Credit
Facility, which have been recorded as deferred financing costs on the Statements of Financial Condition and are being amortized over the life of the Revolving Credit Facility using the straight-line method.  
  HEDGING     Subject to
applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act and applicable Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) regulations, we may enter into hedging transactions in a manner consistent with SEC guidance. To the extent that any of our
loans is denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, we may enter into currency hedging contracts to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We may also enter into interest rate hedging agreements. Such hedging
activities, which will be subject to compliance with applicable legal requirements, may include the use of futures, options, swaps and forward contracts. Costs incurred in entering into such contracts or in settling them, if any, will be borne by
us. The Investment Adviser has claimed no-action relief from CFTC registration and regulation as a commodity pool operator pursuant to a CFTC staff no-action letter (the  BDC CFTC No-Action Letter ) with respect to our operations, with the
result that we will be limited in our ability to use futures contracts or options on futures contracts or engage in swap transactions. Specifically, the BDC CFTC No-Action Letter imposes strict limitations on using such derivatives other than for
hedging purposes, whereby the use of derivatives not used solely for hedging purposes is generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required to establish such positions does not exceed five percent of the
liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such contracts it has entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of such derivatives does not exceed 100% of the liquidation
value of our portfolio. Moreover, we anticipate entering into transactions involving such derivatives to a very limited extent solely for hedging purposes or otherwise within the limitations of the BDC CFTC No-Action Letter. As of September 30,
2016, no hedging arrangements were used.     OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 We may become a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of our business to fund
investments and to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the
balance sheet. As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.     RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   
 On November 1, 2016, the Board of Directors approved an amended and restated limited liability company agreement and
approved an extension of the final date on which the Company will accept Subscription Agreements from November 5, 2016 to May 5, 2017.     NEW
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS       In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments (Topic
825)    Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  , which amends certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The new ASU requires an entity to
present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in
accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. Additionally, the ASU changes the disclosure requirements for financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for annual reporting periods, and the interim periods within those
periods, beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted for certain provisions. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on our consolidated financial statements.  
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic
environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition to the discussion below, our critical accounting policies are further described in the notes to
the financial statements.  
      34  

Valuation of Portfolio Investments    
 As a BDC, we conduct the valuation of our assets, pursuant to which our NAV is determined, at all times consistent with GAAP
and the Investment Company Act. Our Board of Directors, with the assistance of our Audit Committee, determines the fair value of our assets on at least a quarterly basis, in accordance with the terms of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic
820,  Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ). Our valuation procedures are described in more detail below.  
 ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. For some assets and liabilities, observable market transactions or market information might be available.
For other assets and liabilities, observable market transactions and market information might not be available. However, the objective of a fair value measurement in both cases is the same to estimate the price when an orderly transaction to
sell the asset or transfer the liability would take place between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions (that is, an exit price at the measurement date from the perspective of a market participant that holds the
asset or owes the liability).    ASC 820 establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework which ranks the observability of
inputs used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. The observability of inputs is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of financial instruments and their specific characteristics. Financial instruments with readily
available quoted prices, or for which fair value can be measured from quoted prices in active markets, generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment applied in determining fair value. The levels
used for classifying investments are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities.  
 The three-level hierarchy for fair value measurement is defined as follows:  
  Level 1  inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices available in active markets for identical
instruments as of the reporting date. The types of financial instruments included in Level 1 include unrestricted securities, including equities and derivatives, listed in active markets.  
  Level 2  inputs to the valuation methodology are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either
directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. The type of financial instruments in this category includes less liquid and restricted securities listed in active markets, securities traded in other than active markets, government and
agency securities, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs.     Level
3  inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to overall fair value measurement. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are
included in this category include investments in privately held entities and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on unobservable inputs.  
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such
cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance
of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.  
 We expect that the majority of our investments will fall within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We do not expect that
there will be readily available market values for most of the investments which are in our portfolio, and we value such investments at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our Board of Directors using a documented
valuation policy, described below, and a consistently applied valuation process. The factors that may be taken into account in pricing our investments at fair value include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the
portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, and the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. Available current market
data are considered such as applicable market yields and multiples of publicly traded securities, comparison of financial ratios of peer companies, and changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets that may affect the price at
which similar investments would trade in their principal market, and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we consider the pricing indicated by the external
event to corroborate or revise our valuation.    With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily
available, or for which market quotations are deemed not reflective of the fair value, the valuation procedures adopted by our Board of Directors contemplates a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below:  

(1) 
   Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the
investment professionals of our Investment Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment;     
      35  

(2) 
   Our Board of Directors also engages independent valuation firms (the  Independent Valuation
Advisors ) to provide independent valuations of the investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment. The Independent Valuation Advisors
independently value such investments using quantitative and qualitative information provided by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser as well as any market quotations obtained from independent pricing services, brokers, dealers or
market dealers. The Independent Valuation Advisors also provide analyses to support their valuation methodology and calculations. The Independent Valuation Advisors provide an opinion on a final range of values on such investments to our Board of
Directors or the Audit Committee. The Independent Valuation Advisors define fair value in accordance with ASC 820 and utilize valuation techniques including the market approach, the income approach or both. A portion of the portfolio is reviewed on
a quarterly basis, and all investments in the portfolio for which market quotations are not readily available, or are readily available, but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment, are reviewed at least annually by an Independent
Valuation Advisor;         

(3) 
   The Independent Valuation Advisors  preliminary valuations are reviewed by our Investment Adviser and the
Valuation Oversight Group ( VOG ), a team that is part of the Controllers Department within the Finance Division of Goldman Sachs. The Independent Valuation Advisors  ranges are compared to our Investment Adviser s valuations to
ensure our Investment Adviser s valuations are reasonable. VOG presents the valuations to the Private Investment Sub-Committee of the Investment Management Division Valuation Committee, which is comprised of representatives from GSAM who are
independent of the investment making decision process;         

(4) 
   The Investment Management Division Valuation Committee ratifies fair valuations and makes recommendations to
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors;         

(5) 
   The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors reviews valuation information provided by the Investment
Management Division Valuation Committee, our Investment Adviser and the Independent Valuation Advisors. The Audit Committee then assesses such valuation recommendations; and     

(6) 
   Our Board of Directors discusses the valuations and, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act,
determines the fair value of our investments in good faith, based on the input of our Investment Adviser, the Independent Valuation Advisors and the Audit Committee.     
 When our NAV is determined other than on a quarter-end (such as in connection with issuances of units on dates occurring
mid-quarter), it is determined by our Investment Adviser, acting under delegated authority from, and subject to the supervision of, our Board of Directors and in accordance with procedures adopted by our Board of Directors.  
   Investment Transactions and Related Investment Income    
 We record our investment transactions on a trade date basis. Realized gains and losses are based on the specific identification
method. Dividend income on common equity investments are recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Interest income and dividend income are presented net of
withholding tax, if any. Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums, which are included in interest income and expense, are recorded over the life of the underlying instrument using the effective interest method.  
 Fair value generally is based on quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative price sources. In the
absence of quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative price sources, investments in securities are measured at fair value as determined by our Investment Adviser and/or by one or more independent third parties.  
 Due to the inherent uncertainties of valuation, certain estimated fair values may differ significantly from the values that
would have been realized had a ready market for these investments existed, and these differences could be material. For additional information, see Note 2  Significant Accounting Policies  to our financial statements included in this
report.      Non-Accrual Status    
 Loans or debt securities are placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be
collected. Accrued interest generally is reversed when a loan or debt security is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans or debt securities may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon
management s judgment. Non-accrual loans and debt securities are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. We may make exceptions to this treatment
if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection.  
      36  

Distribution Policy    
 We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our unitholders out of assets legally available for distribution. Future quarterly
distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors. All distributions will be subject to lawfully available funds therefor, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to declare distributions in future periods.  
 We intend to elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, commencing with our
taxable year ending December 31, 2016. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, timely distribute to our unitholders at least 90% of our investment company taxable income for each taxable year. We intend to timely distribute to our
unitholders substantially all of our annual taxable income for each year, except that we may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a year, we may choose to carry forward taxable
income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. The distributions we pay to our unitholders in a year may exceed our net ordinary income and capital gains for that year and, accordingly, a portion of
such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The specific tax characteristics of our distributions will be reported to unitholders after the end of the calendar year. Unitholders should read carefully
any written disclosure regarding a distribution from us and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our net ordinary income or capital gains.  
   Federal Income Taxes    
 As a RIC, we generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that
we timely distribute to our unitholders as dividends. To maintain our RIC status, we must meet specified source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to our unitholders at least 90% of our investment company taxable
income for each year. Depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. We generally will be required to
pay such U.S. federal excise tax if our distributions during a calendar year do not exceed the sum of (1) 98% of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2% of our capital
gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding years that were not distributed during such
years.    Because federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may
differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified among capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their
tax character. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. Differences in classification may also result from the treatment of short-term gains as ordinary income for tax
purposes.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       We are
subject to financial market risks, most significantly changes in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we expect to fund a portion of our
investments with borrowings, our net investment income is expected to be affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market
interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income.    As of September 30, 2016, on a
fair value basis, approximately 9.5% of our performing debt investments bore interest at a fixed rate and approximately 90.5% of our performing debt investments bore interest at a floating rate.  
 We regularly measure our exposure to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on
an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities.    Based on our
September 30, 2016 balance sheet, the following table shows the annual impact on net income of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments) assuming no changes in our investment and
borrowing structure:      
 
      37  

We may, in the future, hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging
instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the Investment Company, applicable CFTC regulations and in a manner consistent with SEC guidance . While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse
changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates.  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures . As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our current disclosure
controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.     Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting . There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
 From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings
relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us.
      Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. There have been no material changes to the risk factors
previously reported under Item 1A:  Risk Factors  of Post-effective amendment no. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 which was filed with the SEC on September 19, 2016. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial may materially affect its business, financial condition and/or operating results.  
    Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
 The following table summarizes the total common units issued and aggregate purchase price related to capital drawdowns
delivered pursuant to the Subscription Agreements during the three months ended September 30, 2016:      
 
      38  

Each of the above issuances and sales of the common units was exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D or Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each purchaser of common units was
required to represent that it is (i) either an  accredited investor  as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act or, in the case of units sold outside the United States, not a  U.S. person  in accordance
with Regulation S of the Securities Act and (ii) was acquiring the common units purchased by it for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution. We did not engage in general solicitation or advertising and did not offer securities
to the public, in connection with such issuances and sales.       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
 Not applicable.      
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.     Not applicable.  
    Item 5. Other Information.   
 Not applicable.      
 Item 6. Exhibits.     The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Index
to Exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
      39  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC  

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Brendan McGovern  

Brendan McGovern   Chief Executive Officer and
President   (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Jonathan Lamm  

Jonathan Lamm   Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer   (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   
 
      40  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

41  

<EX-99.(3)(2)>
 2
 d257425dex9932.htm
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement 

Exhibit 3.2       

CONFIDENTIAL  
    
  Limited Liability Company Agreement   
    GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET   
  CREDIT LLC      Second
Amended and Restated      Limited Liability Company Agreement   
  Dated as of November 1, 2016   

GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS       
 
      -i-  

-ii-  

-iii-  

Signature Pages of Members       

Appendix I  
    
  Definitions   

Appendix II  
    
  Member Acknowledgments   

Schedule A  
    
  Schedule of Directors   

Schedule B  
    
  Schedule of Officers   

Exhibit 1  
    
  Investment Advisory Agreement   
 
      -iv-  

GOLDMAN SACHS PRIVATE MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT LLC   
  S ECOND  A MENDED   AND  R ESTATED  L IMITED  L IABILITY 
C OMPANY  A GREEMENT      This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this
  Agreement  ) of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC (the   Company  ), is entered into as of November 1, 2016, by and among those Persons who have entered into Subscription Agreements with the Company for
the purchase of common units of limited liability company interests (collectively, the   Common Units  ) in the Company. This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement of the Company, dated as of June 17, 2016.     ARTICLE 1   DEFINITIONS   
  1.1 D EFINITIONS .   
 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in  Appendix I  hereto.  Appendix I 
also indicates other sections of this Agreement in which certain other terms used in this Agreement are defined.     ARTICLE 2  
ORGANIZATION; POWERS      2.1 F ORMATION   OF  L IMITED  L IABILITY  C OMPANY . 
     2.1.1 Formation.     The Company was
formed as a limited partnership on December 23, 2015 and converted to a limited liability company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (6 Del. C.  18-214, et seq.) (as amended from time to time, the   Delaware Act  )
pursuant to a Certificate of Conversion from a Limited Partnership to a Limited Liability Company and Certificate of Formation of the Company, which were filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 4, 2016 (as amended from
time to time hereafter, the   Certificate  ).     2.1.2 Admission.   
 Each Person who is to be admitted as a Member pursuant to this Agreement shall accede to this Agreement by, and shall be admitted to the
Company as a Member upon, executing a Subscription Agreement or other written document pursuant to which such Person agrees to become a Member and be bound by this Agreement following the Company s acceptance of such document, and a counterpart
signature page to this Agreement, which shall not require the consent or approval of any other Member. The Company shall make any necessary filings with the appropriate governmental authorities and take such actions as are necessary under
applicable law to effectuate such admission. Each such agreement and/or document described in this 2.1.2 may be executed on behalf of a Member by an authorized representative of the Company, as attorney-in-fact for such Member, with the same
force and effect as if executed directly by the Member.     2.1.3 Name.   
 The name of the Company is  Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC.   

2.1.4 Address.   
 The Company shall maintain a registered office at c/o Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The
principal place of business of the Company shall be 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282-2198, or such other place as the Company may determine from time to time. The name and address of the Company s registered agent is Corporation
Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801.     2.2 P URPOSE ; P OWERS .   
 In furtherance of the investment objectives of the Company, the Company may engage in any lawful act or activity for which limited liability
companies may be formed under the laws of the State of Delaware and shall have all the powers available to it as a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware.  
  ARTICLE 3   MEMBERS, VOTING, AND CONSENTS   
  3.1 N AMES , A DDRESSES   AND  S UBSCRIPTIONS .   
 The name, address and e-mail address, the number and class of Units held and the Commitment and Undrawn Commitment of each Member are set forth
in the books and records of the Company. The Company shall maintain such books and records in a manner consistent with this Agreement and shall cause such books and records to be revised to reflect (a) the admission of any additional or
substituted Member occurring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (b) the withdrawal, or partial withdrawal, of any Member pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (c) any change in the identity, address or e-mail address of a Member, or (d) any
changes in the number of Units owned, the Member s Commitment or Undrawn Commitment occurring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.     3.2
S TATUS   OF  M EMBERS .      3.2.1 Limited Liability.   
 No Member or former Member (as defined below), in its capacity as such, shall be liable for any of the debts, liabilities or obligations of the
Company except as provided in 3.2.1 and to the extent otherwise required by law. Each Member and former Member shall be required to pay to the Company (a) any Commitments that it has agreed to make to the Company pursuant to this Agreement and
the applicable Subscription Agreement; (b) the amount of any distribution that it is required to return to the Company pursuant to this Agreement (including 4.4.2) or the Delaware Act; and (c) the unpaid balance of any other payments that it is
expressly required to make to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or pursuant to the applicable Subscription Agreement, as the case may be.  
 As used in this Agreement,  former Members  refers to such Persons who hereafter, from time to time, cease to be Members pursuant to
the terms and provisions of this Agreement.     3.2.2 Effect of Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy.   
 Upon the death, incompetence, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of a Member, the rights and obligations of such Member under
this Agreement, to the maximum extent permitted by law, shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, such Member s successor(s), estate or legal  
      -2-  

representative. Each such Person shall be treated as provided in the second sentence of 9.2.2 unless and until such Person is admitted as a substituted Member pursuant to 9.2. Any
Transfer of the Units so acquired by such successor, estate or legal representative shall be subject to the requirements of Article 9.     3.2.3 No
Control of Company.     Except as otherwise provided herein, no Member shall have the right or power to: (a) withdraw its contribution to
the capital of the Company or reduce its Commitment; (b) to the maximum extent permitted by law, cause the dissolution and winding up of the Company or (c) demand property in return for its capital contributions. No Member, in its capacity as
such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs of the Company, undertake any transactions on behalf of the Company, or have any power to sign for or otherwise to bind the Company. 
  3.2.4 Dual Status.     A Member may hold
both Common Units and, if issued, Preferred Units. A Member who holds both Common Units and Preferred Units shall be treated separately as a Common Unitholder with respect to its Common Units and as a Preferred Unitholder with respect to its
Preferred Units, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement.     3.3 I NITIAL  M EMBER ; W ITHDRAWAL 
R IGHTS   OF  I NITIAL  M EMBER .       

(a) 
 As of the date of this Agreement, the Initial Member has made an initial capital contribution to the Company in such amount as is set forth in the Company s records.    

(b) 
 On the Initial Drawdown Date, the Initial Member shall redeem its interests in the Company for an aggregate redemption price equal to the Initial Member s initial capital contribution to the Company.

(c) 
 Pursuant to this Agreement, each Member, including each Common Unitholder, acquiring Common Units, grants its consent to the Initial Member redeeming its interests from the Company in accordance with the terms in this
3.3.       3.4 A DMISSION   OF  N EW  M EMBERS ; C OMMITMENTS .   
  3.4.1 Initial Closing Date     Common
Unitholders acquiring Common Units will each enter into a Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Common Unitholder will agree to purchase Common Units for an aggregate purchase price equal to the portion of its requested capital commitment to
the Company that is accepted by the Company (its   Commitment  ), subject to this Agreement.     3.4.2 Subsequent Closings.   
 The Company may hold a limited number of closings subsequent to the Initial Closing Date (each date on which a subsequent closing is held, a
  Subsequent Closing Date  ) on or prior to the Final Closing Date. Upon or following the acceptance of a Common Unitholder s Commitment on any Subsequent Closing Date, such Common Unitholder shall be required to purchase
from the Company, on no less than 5 Business Days  prior notice, a number of Common Units with an aggregate purchase price  
      -3-  

necessary to ensure that, upon payment of the aggregate purchase price for such Units by the Common Unitholder, such Common Unitholder s Net Contributed Capital Percentage shall be equal to
the Net Contributed Capital Percentage of each prior Common Unitholder (other than any Defaulting Unitholders or Common Unitholders that subscribed on prior Subsequent Closing Dates and have not yet funded the Adjusted Purchase Price) (the
  Adjusted Purchase Price  ). Such Common Units may be required to be purchased on any date on or following the applicable Subsequent Closing Date and on or prior to the next Drawdown Date (any such date, a   Catch-Up
Date  ). Any Common Unitholder increasing its Commitment on any Subsequent Closing Date shall be treated as it were making a new Commitment to the Company. 
 Upon payment of the Adjusted Purchase Price by an applicable Common Unitholder on a Catch-Up Date, the Company shall issue to such Common
Unitholder a number of Common Units determined by dividing (x) the Adjusted Purchase Price for such Common Unitholder,  minus  the Organizational Expense Allocation by (y) the then-current NAV per Unit. For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event that a Catch-Up Date and a Drawdown Date occur on the same calendar day, such Catch-Up Date (and the application of the provisions of this 3.4.2) shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to the relevant Drawdown Date.
     Net Contributed Capital   means (i) the aggregate amount of capital contributions that have been made by all Common
Unitholders in respect of their Common Units to the Company, less (ii) the aggregate amount of distributions categorized as Returned Capital made by the Company to all Common Unitholders in respect of their Common Units. For the avoidance of
doubt, Net Contributed Capital shall not take into account distributions of the Company s investment income (i.e. proceeds received in respect of interest payments, dividends or fees) to the Common Unitholders. Net Contributed Capital with
respect to a Common Unitholder shall be calculated on the basis of such Common Unitholder s capital contributions and distributions made to such Common Unitholder categorized as Returned Capital.  
   Net Contributed Capital Percentage   means, with respect to a Common Unitholder, the percentage determined by dividing such
Common Unitholder s Net Contributed Capital by such Common Unitholder s Commitment.      Organizational Expense
Allocation   means, with respect to an investor, the product obtained by multiplying (i) a fraction, the numerator of which is such investor s Commitment and the denominator of which is the total Commitments received by the Company to
date (including such investor s Commitment), by (ii) the lesser of (a) a dollar amount equal to $500,000, and (b) the total amount of Organizational Expenses incurred by the Company.  
   Organizational Expenses   shall mean expenses incurred in respect of legal services pertaining to the organization and
formation of the Company, the drafting of this Agreement, any administration, custody and transfer agent agreements, the performance of any research and consultation services in connection with the initial meeting of Directors, and audit fees
relating to the initial registration statement and auditing the initial seed capital statement of assets and liabilities.    At each
Drawdown Date following any Subsequent Closing Date, all Common Unitholders, including Common Unitholders who entered into Subscription Agreements on such Subsequent Closing Date, shall purchase Common Units in accordance with the standard
provisions for Drawdown Dates described in 3.4.3.  
      -4-  

3.4.3 Drawdowns.   
 Common Unitholders agree to purchase Common Units for an aggregate purchase price equal to their respective Undrawn Commitments, payable at
such times and in such amounts as required by the Company following receipt of the required notice, as described below. Each Common Unitholder will be required to make capital contributions (up to the amount of its Undrawn Commitment) to
purchase Common Units each time the Company delivers a drawdown notice, which will be delivered in respect of such Commitment at least 5 Business Days prior to the required funding date (a   Drawdown Date  ). Each Common
Unitholder and the Company agrees that on each Drawdown Date, such Common Unitholder shall purchase from the Company, and the Company shall issue to such Common Unitholder, a number of Common Units equal to the Drawdown Unit Amount at an aggregate
price equal to the Drawdown Purchase Price; provided, however, that in no circumstance will a Common Unitholder be required to purchase Common Units for an amount in excess of its Undrawn Commitment.  
 The obligation of Common Unitholders to fund Undrawn Commitment is without defense, counterclaim or offset of any kind.  
   Drawdown Purchase Price   shall mean, for each Drawdown Date with respect to a Common Unitholder, an amount in U.S. dollars
determined by multiplying (i) the aggregate amount of Commitments being drawn down by the Company from all Common Unitholders on that Drawdown Date, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Undrawn Commitment of such Common Unitholder and
the denominator of which is the aggregate Undrawn Commitments of all Common Unitholders that are not Defaulting Unitholders.  
   Drawdown Unit Amount   shall mean, for each Drawdown Date with respect to a Common Unitholder, a number of Common Units
determined by dividing (i) the Drawdown Purchase Price for that Drawdown Date by (ii) the applicable then-current NAV per Unit. The NAV per Unit for the Initial Drawdown Date shall be deemed to be $100.  
   Undrawn Commitment   shall mean, with respect to a Common Unitholder, the amount of such Common Unitholder s Commitment
as of any date reduced by the aggregate amount of contributions made by that Common Unitholder at all previous Drawdown Dates and Catch-Up Dates, and increased by the aggregate amount of Returned Capital received by that Common Unitholder as set
forth in 4.4.2.    For the avoidance of doubt,  then-current NAV per Unit  as set forth in this 3.4 may consist of the NAV per
Unit calculated at the end of the most recent calendar month prior to the date of the applicable drawdown notice or issuance date.     3.5
M ANAGEMENT   AND  C ONTROL   OF  C OMPANY .      3.5.1 Board of Directors   

(a) 
 The Company s board of directors (the   Board of Directors   or the   Board  ) will be composed of eight directors (each, a   Director  ), unless increased or decreased
by a majority of the Directors. Directors need not be Members. The Board shall elect a Chair of the Board (the   Chair of the Board  ), who shall have the powers and perform such duties as provided in this Agreement and as
the Board may from time to time prescribe.   
      -5-  

(b) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent required by the Investment Company Act, at any time when there are outstanding Preferred Units, the Preferred Unitholders shall have the right, as a class,
to elect (i) two additional Directors to the Board, but shall not elect or vote for the other Directors, and (ii) if and for so long as dividends on the Preferred Units are unpaid in an amount equal to two full years of dividends on the Preferred
Units, a majority of the Directors, such majority to be achieved by adding sufficient number of new Directors to the Board, all of whom are elected by the Preferred Unitholders, who, together with the Directors set forth in clause (i), will
constitute a majority of the Directors (such Directors under clause (i) or (ii), as applicable, the   Preferred Appointed Directors  ). In the event any Preferred Units are issued and outstanding, the Preferred Unitholders shall
be entitled to elect the Preferred Appointed Directors at a meeting of the Unitholders, which shall be called in the manner as provided in 3.7.        

(c) 
 Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such places and times as shall be determined from time to time by the Board. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company (the   Chief Executive Officer  ), and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Company (the   Secretary  ) if directed by a majority of the Directors then in office,
and shall be at such places and times as such Person(s) calling such meeting shall fix. Notice need not be given of regular meetings of the Board. At least twenty four (24) hours, or three (3) days if notice is mailed, before each special
meeting of the Board, either written notice, notice by electronic transmission or oral notice (either in person or by telephone) of the time, date and place of the meeting shall be given to each Director. Unless otherwise indicated in the
notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting.        

(d) 
 A majority of the total number of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except as otherwise provided by law, or by this Agreement, the act of a majority of the Directors present
(including Directors present by telephone or other electronic means, unless the Investment Company Act requires that a particular action be taken only at a meeting of the Board in person) at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of
the Board. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the Directors present thereat may adjourn such meeting to another time and place. Notice of such adjourned meeting need not be given if the time and place of such adjourned meeting are
announced at the meeting so adjourned.        

(e) 
 Unless otherwise restricted by this Agreement, any one or more members of the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other
communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at a meeting.    

(f) 
 Unless otherwise restricted by this Agreement, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or any
committee thereof, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed in the minutes of proceedings of the Board; provided, however, that
this shall not apply to any action of the Board that requires the vote of the Directors to be cast in person at a meeting pursuant to the Investment Company Act.    
      -6-  

(g) 
 As of the date of this Agreement, the names of Directors are set forth on  Schedule A . Each Director will hold office until his or her death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal.

(h) 
 A majority of the Directors will at all times consist of Directors who are not  interested persons  (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) (the   Independent
Directors  ).        

(i) 
 A Director may resign from the Board at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. The resignation shall
take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time is specified, at the time of its receipt. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise expressly provided in the resignation. Any or
all of the Directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of all the then-outstanding Units of the Company, voting together as a single class, provided that any or all of the Preferred
Appointed Directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of all the then-outstanding Preferred Units of the Company.    

(j) 
 Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, including the Investment Company Act, any newly created directorship on the Board that results from an increase in the number of Directors, and any vacancy occurring in
the Board that results from the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal of a Director or other cause, shall be filled exclusively by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining Directors in office, although less than a
quorum, or by a sole remaining Director. Any Director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly
elected and qualified, or until his or her death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal.        

(k) 
 Subject to the limitations of Section 17(h) of the Investment Company Act, a member of the Board, or a member of any committee designated by the Board shall, in the performance of such person s duties, be fully
protected in relying in good faith upon records of the Company and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Company by any of the Company s officers or employees, or committees of the Board, or by any other person
as to matters the member reasonably believes are within such other person s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company.    
  3.5.2 Committees of Board of Directors       

(a) 
 The Board may designate one or more committees, including but not limited to an Audit Committee (the   Audit Committee  ), a Governance and Nominating Committee (the   Governance and Nominating
Committee  ), a Compliance Committee (the   Compliance Committee  ) and a Contract Review Committee (the   Contract Review Committee  ), each such committee to consist of one or more of the Directors of the
Company.    
      -7-  

(b) 
 The Audit Committee will be responsible for overseeing matters relating to the appointment and activities of our auditors, audit plans and procedures, various accounting and financial reporting issues and changes in
accounting policies, and reviewing the results and scope of the audit and other services provided by our independent public accountants. The Audit Committee will also be responsible for aiding the Board in fair value pricing debt and equity
securities that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. A member of the Audit Committee will be designated by the Board as an  audit committee financial expert  under the rules of the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ). Each member of the Audit Committee shall be an Independent Director.        

(c) 
 The Governance and Nominating Committee will be responsible for identifying, researching and nominating Independent Directors for selection by the Board (and, election by the Preferred Unitholders, if applicable), when
necessary, selecting nominees to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, developing and recommending to the Board of Directors a set of corporate governance principles and overseeing the evaluation of the Board of
Directors and the Company s management. Each member of the Governance and Nominating Committee shall be an Independent Director.        

(d) 
 The Compliance Committee will be responsible for overseeing the Company s compliance, and insofar as they relate to services provided to the Company, the compliance processes of the Investment Adviser, the
Placement Agents, the Administrator and the transfer agent, except to the extent compliance processes relate to accounting and financial reporting processes and certain related matters and are overseen by the Audit Committee. The Compliance
Committee will also provide assistance to the Board of Directors with respect to compliance matters. Each member of the Compliance Committee shall be an Independent Director.   

(e) 
 The Contract Review Committee will be responsible for overseeing the processes of the Board of Directors, for reviewing and monitoring performance under the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Company s placement
agency, transfer agency and certain other agreements with the Investment Adviser and its affiliates. The Contract Review Committee shall also provide appropriate assistance to the Board of Directors in connection with the Board of
Director s approval, oversight and review of the Company s other service providers, including its custodian/accounting agent, sub-transfer agents, professional (legal and accounting) firms and printing firms. Each member of the
Contract Review Committee shall be an Independent Director.        

(f) 
   Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board establishing such committee, shall have
and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Company. All committees of the Board shall keep minutes of their meetings and shall report their proceedings to the Board when
requested or required by the Board. Each committee of the Board may fix its own rules of procedure and shall hold its meetings as provided by such rules, except as may otherwise be provided by a resolution of the Board designating such
committee. Unless     
      -8-  

otherwise provided in such a resolution, the presence of the greater of one-third or two members of the committee shall be necessary to constitute a quorum unless the committee shall consist of
one or two members, in which event one member shall constitute a quorum; and all matters shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present at a meeting of the committee at which a quorum is present. Unless otherwise provided in such
a resolution, in the event that a member and that member s alternate, if alternates are designated by the Board, of such committee is or are absent or disqualified, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from
voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member.    
  3.5.3 Management by the Board.       

(a) 
 The management, policies and affairs of the Company shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board;  provided, however , that subject to the Investment Company Act and applicable law, the Board may
delegate its rights and powers to third parties, including the Investment Adviser, as it may determine. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, consent or approval by the Company shall be determined by the Board.    

(b) 
 The Board may appoint and elect (as well as remove or replace with or without cause), as it deems necessary, a President, Vice Presidents (including Executive Vice Presidents), a Treasurer, a Chief Financial Officer, a
Secretary, a Chief Compliance Officer and any other officer of the Company the Board determines to be necessary or advisable (collectively, the   Officers  ). The names of each Officer and such Officer s position as of the
date hereof are listed on  Schedule B .        

(c) 
 The Officers shall perform such duties and may exercise such powers as may be assigned to them by the Board.        

(d) 
 Unless the Board decides otherwise, if the title of any person authorized to act on behalf of the Company under this 3.5.3 is one commonly used for officers of a business corporation formed under the Delaware General
Corporation Law, the assignment of such title shall constitute the delegation to such person of the authority and duties that are normally associated with that office, subject to any specific delegation of, or restriction on, authority and duties
made pursuant to this 3.5.3. Any number of titles may be held by the same person. Any delegation pursuant to this 3.5.3 may be revoked at any time by the Board.    

(e) 
 The Board may authorize any Person, including any Officer, to sign on behalf of the Company.       3.5.4 Powers
of Board.     Except as otherwise explicitly provided herein, the Board shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Company to
implement the objectives of the Company and to exercise any rights and powers the Company may possess, including the power to cause the Company to (a) make any elections available to the Company under applicable tax or other laws, (b) make any
investments permitted under this Agreement, (c) satisfy any Company obligations (such as payment of the Management Fee, Incentive  
      -9-  

Fee, and Company Expenses), or (d) make any disposition of Company assets. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any Member or other Person being
required, subject to the Investment Company Act and applicable law, the Company is hereby authorized to execute, deliver and perform, and the Board on behalf of the Company is hereby empowered to authorize an Officer of the Company or other
representative to execute and deliver, (x) a Subscription Agreement with each Member, (y) the Investment Advisory Agreement, and (z) any amendment of any such document (to the extent such amendment is approved in accordance with the terms of the
relevant agreement and is consistent with the terms of this Agreement) and any other agreement, document or other instrument contemplated thereby or related thereto (to the extent that such other agreement, document or other instrument is consistent
with the terms of the relevant agreement or this Agreement). Such authorization shall not be deemed a restriction on the power of the Board to cause the Company to enter into other documents.  
  3.5.5 Related Party Transactions.     The
Audit Committee will conduct quarterly reviews of potential related party transactions brought to its attention and, during such reviews, will consider any conflicts of interest brought to its attention pursuant to the Company s Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics or Code of Ethics.    Each Director and Officer of the Company shall be required to complete an annual
questionnaire which shall be designed to elicit information concerning potential related party transactions.    As provided in 5.2, the
Company has been authorized to enter into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Investment Adviser.     3.6 A CTIVITIES 
 OF  M EMBERS .     Notwithstanding any duty otherwise existing at law or in equity, but subject to the
provisions of this Agreement and applicable laws (including the Investment Company Act), any Member and its respective direct and indirect partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, managers, trustees, employees, agents and Affiliates may
invest, participate, or engage in (for their own accounts or for the accounts of others), or may possess an interest in, other financial ventures and investment and professional activities of every kind, nature and description, independently or with
others, whether now existing or hereafter acquired or initiated, including but not limited to: management of other investment vehicles; investment in, financing, acquisition or disposition of securities; investment and management counseling;
providing brokerage and investment banking services; or serving as officers, directors, managers, consultants, advisers or agents of other companies, partners of any partnership, members of any limited liability company or trustees of any trust (and
may receive fees, commissions, remuneration or reimbursement of expenses in connection with these activities), whether or not such activities may conflict with any interest of the Company or any of the Members. The fact that a Member may
encounter opportunities to purchase, otherwise acquire, lease, sell or otherwise dispose of investment assets, other assets or other business ventures and may take advantage of such opportunities itself or introduce such opportunities to entities in
which it has or does not have any interest shall not subject such Member to liability to the Company or to any of the other Members on account of the lost opportunity. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prohibit any Member or any
Affiliate of any Member from dealing with, or otherwise engaging in business with, any other Member or any Person transacting business with the Company or any Portfolio Company. Neither the Company nor any Member shall have any rights, solely
by virtue of this Agreement, in or to any activities permitted by this 3.6 or to any fees, income, profits or goodwill derived from such activities.  
      -10-  

3.7 M EETINGS   OF  M EMBERS .   
  3.7.1 Place of Meetings.     All meetings of
the Members for any purpose shall be at any such place as shall be designated from time to time by the Board and stated in the notice of meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof.  
  3.7.2 Meetings.     Meetings of Members may
be called by the Board, the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors may postpone, adjourn, reschedule or cancel any meeting of Members previously scheduled by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board or
the Chief Executive Officer.      
   For each meeting, only business specified in the Company s
notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) may be conducted at such meeting.     3.7.4 Quorum; Adjournments.   
 Unless otherwise required by law, Members holding a majority of the Units entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy,
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings; provided that where a separate vote of Common Units and Preferred Units is required, the holders of a majority of all issued and outstanding Common Units and Preferred Units,
as applicable, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to such matter. Abstentions will be treated as Units that are present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the
number present and entitled to vote with respect to any particular proposal, but will not be counted as a vote in favor of such proposal.  
 If such quorum shall not be present or represented by proxy at any meeting, then either the Chair or Members entitled to vote thereat (present
in person or represented by proxy) shall have the power to adjourn a vote from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented by proxy. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum
shall be present or represented by proxy, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or, if after adjournment a new record date is
set, then a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each Member entitled to vote at the meeting.     3.8 W AIVER   OF 
N OTICE      A written waiver of any notice, signed by a Member or Director, or waiver by electronic transmission by such
person, whether given before or after the time of the event for which such notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to the notice required to be given to such person. Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting need be
specified in such a waiver. Attendance at any meeting (in person or by remote communication) shall constitute waiver of notice, except attendance for the express purpose at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because
the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.  
      -11-  

3.9 M EMBER  V OTING   AND  C ONSENTS .   
 Whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest of the Members (or any class or group of
Members), such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the written vote or written consent of those Members (or those Members included in such class or group) whose Units represent the specified percentage of the aggregate outstanding Units
of all Members (or all Members included in such class or group) at the time. Each Member shall be entitled to one vote for each Unit held on all matters submitted to a vote of the Members. For these purposes, a
 majority-in-interest  shall mean a percentage in interest in excess of 50%.    If at any time Preferred Units have been issued and
are outstanding, any proposal:      

(a) 
 affecting the Common Unitholders but not the Preferred Unitholders, shall require approval by the requisite percentage in interest of the Common Unitholders;    

(b) 
 not affecting the Common Unitholders, shall require approval by the requisite percentage in interest of the Preferred Unitholders;        

(c) 
 affecting both Common Unitholders and Preferred Unitholders, shall require approval by the requisite percentage in interest of the Common Unitholders and the Preferred Unitholders, voting separately.    
  ARTICLE 4  INVESTMENTS AND ACTIVITIES   
  4.1 I NVESTMENT  O BJECTIVES .   
 The primary objective of the Company is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation, primarily through investing
in first lien, first lien/last-out unitranche and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments, primarily through direct originations. Each investment held by the Company is
referred to herein as an   Investment   and collectively, the   Investments .      4.2 B ORROWING .   
  4.2.1 General.     The Company shall have the
power to enter into, make and perform all such contracts and other undertakings, and engage in all such activities and transactions as the Board may deem necessary or advisable for or incidental to the carrying out of the Company s purpose and
objectives (and all determinations, decisions and actions made or taken by the Board shall be conclusive and absolutely binding upon the Company, the Members and their respective successors, assigns and personal representatives), including: to incur
and maintain indebtedness for borrowed money (including through the issuance of notes and other evidence of indebtedness), other indebtedness, financings or extensions of credit (  Financings  ), to incur and maintain other
obligations (including in connection with derivative financial instruments), to arrange and make guarantees to support any such Financings or other obligations and incur reimbursement obligations in respect of any such Financings, other obligations
or guarantees, to pledge or assign or otherwise make available credit support for any such Financings, other obligations or guarantees and to enter into agreements, instruments and documents and take all other actions as the Company deems
necessary or appropriate in connection with incurring or maintaining  
      -12-  

Financings, other obligations or guarantees. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company is authorized, at its option and without notice to or consent of any Member, to
hypothecate, mortgage, assign, transfer, make a collateral assignment or pledge or grant a security interest to any Lender or other holders other obligations or guarantees of the Company (a) any or all assets of the Company, including Investments
and deposit or other accounts into which capital contributions are credited or deposited (the assets described in this clause (a) referred to herein as   Assets  ) and/or (b) some or all of the Undrawn Commitment of some or all of the
Members, including the Company s right to issue drawdown notices or otherwise call for and receive contributions of Undrawn Commitment and all rights and remedies related thereto and the obligations of some or all of the Members under their
respective Subscription Agreements and this Agreement (the rights described in this clause (b) referred to herein as   Assigned Rights ,  and together with Assets, referred to herein as   Credit Support  ). For the
avoidance of doubt, the Company may exclude from such Credit Support all or a portion of the Assigned Rights of any Common Unitholders that are Officers, Directors, certain significant Common Unitholders, and certain other Persons, to the extent
restricted under, or considered by the Board to be necessary or desirable to facilitate compliance with, applicable laws or regulations, including the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (  ERISA  ), the
Investment Company Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.    In furtherance thereof and without limiting the generality
thereof, the Company may, in each case subject to such other conditions as the Company may reasonably determine, (a) authorize any Lender or holders of such other obligations or guarantees, including any agent or trustee acting on their
behalf, as agent and on behalf of the Company, or in such other capacity as the Company may specify (i) to exercise from time to time Assigned Rights, (ii) to issue drawdown notices and to require all or any portion of such Undrawn Commitment
to be contributed to the Company for purposes of paying such funds to a Lender or holder of such other obligations or guarantees, including by payment to an account or accounts pledged to a Lender or such holder, (iii) to exercise any right or
remedy of the Company under this Agreement in respect of any Asset or Assigned Rights or in respect of any drawdown notice, called contributions or Undrawn Commitment, and (iv) to enforce the Members  obligations under their respective
Subscription Agreements and this Agreement, and (b) take any other action the Company reasonably determines to be necessary for the purpose of providing such Credit Support (collectively, clauses (a) and (b), the   Lender Powers  
provided that any exercise of such Lender Powers shall be made in accordance with this Agreement. In addition, the Company is hereby authorized to provide to or receive from any Lender or holders of such indebtedness, guarantees or other
obligations, including any agent or trustee acting on their behalf, financial information related to such Member.    Subject to applicable
law, the Company is authorized to enter into and maintain guarantees and other credit support of Financings of subsidiaries and other Persons in which the Company has an interest or otherwise be liable on a joint and several basis and any such
obligations in connection therewith may be cross-guaranteed as the Board determines is necessary or convenient in the conduct or promotions of the activities or business of the Company.  
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, for so long as the Company operates as a BDC, the total amount of indebtedness
outstanding at any time (including, for this purpose, the Preferred Units) shall not cause the Company to violate leverage requirements applicable to a BDC, including but not limited to Sections 18 and 61 of the Investment Company Act.  
      -13-  

4.2.2 Member Acknowledgements.   
 To facilitate the Company s ability to incur and maintain Financings, other obligations and guarantees and to otherwise make available
Credit Support for Financings, other obligations and guarantees, each Member hereby agrees to and acknowledges the acknowledgements, agreements and representations set forth in  Appendix II .  
  4.2.3 Beneficiary Rights.   
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Lender or other Person granted a lien with respect to any of the Assigned Rights and/or
the right to exercise any Lender Power shall be an intended beneficiary of this Agreement and shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of this 4.2 and  Appendix II .  
  4.3 P REFERRED  U NITS .   
 Without the consent of any Common Unitholder, the Board may cause the Company to issue one class of Preferred Units, which Preferred Units
would have rights senior to those of the Common Units, and such other characteristics as the Board may determine, but, for so long as the Company operates as a BDC, in a manner that complies with the legal requirements applicable to a
BDC. Prior to the issuance of a series of Preferred Units, the Board shall set the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of
redemption.     4.4 D ISTRIBUTIONS ; R ECYCLING .   
  4.4.1 Distributions.     Subject to the
requirements of Section 852(a) of Subchapter M of the Code and the terms of any Financings or other obligations or Preferred Units, the Company intends to (i) distribute to its Common Unitholders,  pro rata  based on the number of Units held by
the Common Unitholder, before the end of each taxable year, or in certain cases, during the following taxable year, net proceeds attributable to the repayment or disposition of Investments (together with any interest, dividends and other net cash
flow in respect of such Investments), except to the extent such proceeds from repayment or disposition are retained for reinvestment prior to the termination of the Investment Period in accordance with 4.4.3, (ii) distribute quarterly investment
income (i.e. proceeds received in respect of interest payments, dividends or fees as opposed to proceeds received in connection with the disposition or repayment of an Investment) (commencing with the quarter ending December 31, 2016), (iii)
distribute all of its investment company taxable income and net capital gain for each taxable year in order to qualify for treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and avoid the imposition of federal income taxes on the Company under
Section 852(b) of the Code, for any such taxable year, and (iv) distribute for each calendar year its ordinary income and capital gain net income realized during the periods set forth in Section 4982(b) of the Code to the extent required for the
Company to avoid imposition of federal excise tax under Section 4982 of the Code for any such calendar year.    Depending on the level of
taxable income and net capital gain earned in a year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income or net capital gain for distribution in the following year and pay the applicable U.S. federal excise tax. Distributions under this
4.4.1 will be appropriately adjusted for any taxes payable by the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary through which it invests (including any corporate, state, local, non-U.S. and withholding taxes). The Incentive Fee will not be
reduced to take into account any such taxes. Taxes payable by the Company or a direct or indirect subsidiary (including any entity formed or utilized as a blocker to make investments) or withholding taxes imposed on income of the Company or a
direct or indirect subsidiary will not be deemed distributed.  
      -14-  

Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no distribution shall be made to any
Member if, and to the extent that, such distribution would not be permitted under the Delaware Act.     4.4.2 Returns of Capital Contributions   
 Any portion of distributions made by the Company to the Common Unitholders during the Investment Period which represents a return of such
Common Unitholders  capital contributions to the Company, as determined by the Board (each such amount,   Returned Capital  ), shall increase the Common Unitholders  Undrawn Commitments and may be drawn down by the Company
as provided in this Agreement.     4.4.3 Recycling.   
 Subject to the requirements of Section 852(a) of Subchapter M of the Code and the terms of any Financing or other obligations or Preferred
Units, proceeds realized by the Company from the sale or repayment of any Investment (as opposed to investment income) during the Investment Period (but not in excess of the cost of any such Investment), may be retained and reinvested by the
Company; provided, that such additional amounts reinvested shall not, in the aggregate, exceed the Company s aggregate Commitments. Any amounts so reinvested will not reduce a Common Unitholder s Undrawn Commitment.  
  ARTICLE 5   FEES AND EXPENSES; ADVISORY AGREEMENT   
  5.1 C OMPANY  E XPENSES    
 The Company shall bear and be responsible for all costs and expenses of its operations in connection with its operations and transactions
(  Company Expenses  ). The Company s primary operating expenses will include the payment of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee to the Investment Adviser, legal and professional fees, interest, fees and other expenses
of Financings and other operating and overhead related expenses. The other Company Expenses will include those relating to: (i) the Company s operational and organizational expenses; (ii) the Company s fees and expenses, including
travel expenses, incurred by the Investment Adviser or payable to third parties related to the Company s Investments, including, among others, professional fees (including the fees and expenses of consultants and experts) and fees and expenses
from evaluating, monitoring, researching and performing due diligence on Investments and prospective Investments; (iii) interest, fees and other expenses payable on Financings, if any, incurred by the Company; (iv) fees and expenses incurred by the
Company in connection with membership in investment company organizations; (v) brokers  commissions; (vi) fees and expenses associated with calculating the Company s NAV (including the costs and expenses of any independent valuation firm);
(vii) legal, auditing or accounting expenses; (viii) taxes or governmental fees; (ix) the fees and expenses of the Company s administrator, transfer agent or sub-transfer agent; (x) the cost of preparing unit certificates or any other expenses,
including clerical expenses of issue or repurchase of the Units; (xi) the expenses of, and fees for, registering or qualifying Common Units for sale, maintaining the Company s registration and qualifying and registering the Company as a broker
or a dealer; (xii) the fees and expenses of the Independent Directors; (xiii) the fees or disbursements of custodians of the Company s assets, including expenses incurred in the performance of any obligations enumerated by this Agreement or
other organizational documents of the Company insofar as they govern agreements with any such custodian; (xiv) the cost of preparing and distributing reports, proxy statements and notices to holders of equity interests in the Company, the SEC and
other regulatory authorities; (xv) insurance premiums; (xvi) costs of holding meetings of Members; and (xvii) costs incurred in connection  
      -15-  

with any claim, litigation, arbitration, mediation, government investigation or dispute in connection with the Company s business and the amount of any judgment or settlement paid in
connection therewith, or the enforcement of the Company s rights against any person and indemnification or contribution expenses payable by the Company to any person and other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of the
Company s business.    Company expenses borne by the Company in the ordinary course on an annual basis (excluding the Management Fee,
the Incentive Fee, organizational and start-up expenses, and expenses related to Financings and other leverage) shall not exceed an amount equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount of Commitments to the Company by Common Unitholders, provided, however
that expenses incurred outside of the ordinary course, including litigation and similar expenses, are not subject to such a cap.     5.2
I NVESTMENT  A DVISORY  A GREEMENT .     The Company shall enter into an investment management and
advisory agreement (the   Investment Advisory Agreement  ) with the Investment Adviser for assistance in providing management services to the Company, in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit I .  
  ARTICLE 6   CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY   
  6.1 O BLIGATION   TO  C ONTRIBUTE .   
  6.1.1 General.     The Company will issue
Common Units to investors from time to time at the NAV per Common Unit. Such Common Units will be issued through drawdowns on specific Drawdown Dates or Catch-Up Dates, with Common Unitholders required to contribute all or a portion of their
Undrawn Commitments in exchange for Common Units as set forth in this Agreement.     6.1.2 I NVESTMENT  P ERIOD .   
 Prior to the expiration of the Investment Period, additional amounts may be drawn down pursuant to Article 3 for any purpose contemplated under
this Agreement. After the expiration of the Investment Period, the Company will not call for or accept, and the Common Unitholders shall not be obligated to make, any drawdowns  other than :  

(a) 
 to pay, and/or establish reserves for, actual or anticipated Company expenses, liabilities, including the payment or repayment of Financings or other obligations, contingent or otherwise (including the Management Fee),
whether incurred before or after the end of the Investment Period;        

(b) 
 to fulfill investment commitments made or approved by the Investment Committee prior to the expiration of the Investment Period;        

(c) 
 to engage in hedging transactions; or        

(d) 
 to make additional investments in existing Portfolio Companies (each, an   Additional Investment  ) (including transactions to hedge interest rate or currency risks related to an Additional Investment).
   
      -16-  

6.1.3 No Interest.   
 No interest shall accrue on any Common Unitholder s contribution. 
  6.2 F AILURE  T O  M AKE  R EQUIRED  P AYMENT .   
  6.2.1 Default.     Except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, if a Common Unitholder fails to make a required capital contribution or other required payment to the Company, in part or in full, and such default remains uncured for a period of ten calendar days, the Company shall be
permitted to declare such Common Unitholder (any such Common Unitholder, a   Defaulting Unitholder  ) to be in default of its obligations and shall be permitted to pursue one or any combination of the following remedies:  

(a) 
 The Company may prohibit the Defaulting Unitholder from purchasing any additional Units;        

(b) 
 Twenty-five percent (25%) of the Units then held by the Defaulting Unitholder may (at the election of the Company) be automatically transferred on the books of the Company, without any further action being required on
the part of the Company or the Defaulting Unitholder, to all other Common Unitholders (except to any other Defaulting Unitholder),  pro rata  in accordance with their respective number of Common Units held; provided, however, that no Common
Units shall be transferred to any other Common Unitholder pursuant to this 6.2.1 in the event that such transfer would (x) violate the Securities Act or any state (or other jurisdiction) securities or  Blue Sky  laws applicable to the
Company or such transfer, (y) constitute a non-exempt  prohibited transaction  under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or (z) cause all or any portion of the assets of the Company to constitute  plan
assets  under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (it being understood that this proviso shall operate only to the extent necessary to avoid the occurrence of the consequences contemplated herein and shall not prevent the Common Unitholder
from receiving a partial allocation of its  pro rata  portion of Common Units); provided further, that any Common Units that have not been transferred to one or more other Common Unitholders pursuant to the previous proviso shall be allocated
among the other participating Common Unitholders  pro rata  in accordance with their respective number of Common Units held. The mechanism described in this 6.2.1 is intended to operate as a liquidated damage provision, since the damage to
other Common Unitholders resulting from a default by the Defaulting Unitholder is both significant and not easily susceptible to precise quantification. By purchasing Common Units, the Common Unitholder agrees to this 6.2.1 and acknowledges
that the remedies described herein constitute a reasonable liquidated damage remedy for any default in the Common Unitholder s obligation of the type described; and    

(c) 
 The Company may pursue any other remedies against the Defaulting Unitholder available to the Company, subject to applicable law.    
 Upon a default, the Company may, in its discretion, require each non-Defaulting Unitholder to make an additional capital contribution (not to
exceed its then Undrawn Commitment) in respect of such overdue capital contribution. The funding of the overdue capital contribution by the non-Defaulting Unitholders will not alter the Defaulting Unitholder s obligations to the Company,
including any obligation to make future capital contributions or other required payments. The amounts that are paid by non-Defaulting Unitholders will reduce the remaining Undrawn Commitments of the non-Defaulting
Unitholders.                  
      -17-  

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company will hold the Defaulting
Unitholder responsible for all fees and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys  fees or sales commissions, incurred as a result of the default.  
  ARTICLE 7   DURATION OF THE COMPANY   
  7.1 T ERM   AND  T ERMINATION   OF   THE  C OMPANY .   
 The term of the Company shall continue until the seventh anniversary of the Final Closing Date, unless such term is extended or unless the
Company is sooner dissolved, each as provided in this 7.1, or by operation of law. The term of the Company may be extended for two successive one-year periods by the Board upon written notice to the Members at least 90 days prior to the
expiration of the term or the end of the first one-year period, as the case may be. Thereafter, upon the request of the Board and the approval of a majority-in-interest of the Members, the term of the Company may be further extended.  
 The Company shall be dissolved (i) upon the expiration of its term (as such term may be extended pursuant to this Agreement), (ii) at any time
upon a decision of the Board, (iii) if there are no Members of the Company, unless the business of the Company is continued in accordance with this Agreement or the Delaware Act, or (iv) upon the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under the
Delaware Act.     7.2 S ALE   OR  M ERGER .   
 Subject to any restrictions of the Investment Company Act and applicable law, the Board shall be entitled, without the approval of any Members,
to cause the Company to, among other things, sell, exchange or otherwise dispose or all or substantially all of the Company s assets in a single transaction or series of transactions, or approve on behalf of the Company, the sale, exchange or
disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. The Board may also cause the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets under foreclosure or other realization without the consent of any Members.  
  ARTICLE 8   LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION   
  8.1 G ENERAL .     Following
dissolution, the Company s assets shall be liquidated in an orderly manner. The Board shall be the liquidator to wind up the affairs of the Company pursuant to this Agreement. The Board as liquidator shall cause the Company to pay or
provide for the satisfaction of the Company s liabilities and obligations to creditors in accordance with the Delaware Act. In performing their duties, the Board as liquidator is authorized to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of the
assets of the Company in such reasonable manner as the Board shall determine to be in the best interest of the Members.     8.2 L IQUIDATING 
D ISTRIBUTIONS ; P RIORITY .     Subject to Section 18-804 of the Delaware Act, the proceeds of liquidation
shall be applied in the following order of priority:  
      -18-  

(a) 
 First, to pay the costs and expenses of dissolution and liquidation; to pay or provide for the satisfaction of the Company s debts and other liabilities, including obligations to creditors in accordance with the
Delaware Act; and to establish any reserves which the liquidator may deem necessary or advisable for any contingent or unmatured liability of the Company, including the payment of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee;    

(b) 
 Second, to the satisfaction of the prior rights of any outstanding Preferred Units, if issued; and        

(c) 
 Thereafter, among the Common Unitholders equally on a per Common Unit basis.       8.3 D URATION 
 OF  L IQUIDATION .     A reasonable time shall be allowed for the winding up of the affairs of the Company in
order to minimize any losses otherwise attendant upon such a winding up.     8.4 L IABILITY   FOR  R ETURNS .
    None of the liquidator, the Directors, the Officers, the Investment Adviser and their respective partners, members, stockholders,
officers, directors, managers, employees, agents and Affiliates shall be personally liable to any Member for the return of the capital contributions of any Member.  
  8.5 P OST -D ISSOLUTION  I NVESTMENTS   AND  D RAWDOWNS .   
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Article 8, but subject to the other limitations on investments set forth in this
Agreement and the Delaware Act, the liquidator may, at any time or times after dissolution, cause the Company to make additional investments in entities which were Portfolio Companies on the date of dissolution (including any successor to, or
subsidiary of, a Portfolio Company), if the liquidator believe that such additional investments are in the best interest of the Members and in furtherance of the winding up of the affairs of the Company.  
  ARTICLE 9   LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS OF UNITS; REQUIRED TRANSFERS   
  9.1 T RANSFERS   OF  U NITS .   
  9.1.1 General.     No assignment, pledge,
mortgage, hypothecate, gift, sale or other disposition or encumbrance (collectively,   Transfer  ) of a Member s Units, including a Transfer of solely an economic interest, in whole or in part, shall be made other than pursuant
to this 9.1. Any attempted Transfer of all or any part of a Member s Units in violation of this Agreement will be void to the maximum extent permitted by law, and any intended recipient of the Units will acquire no rights in such and will
not be treated as a Member for any purpose. Each Transfer shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions, restrictions and obligations set forth in this Agreement and shall be evidenced by an assignment agreement executed by the transferor,
the transferee(s) and the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company. No Transfer will be effectuated except by registration of the Transfer on the Company s books.  
      -19-  

9.1.2 Consent of Company.   
 The prior written consent of the Company shall be required for any Transfer of all or part of any Member s Units, including a Transfer of
solely an economic interest in the Company.     9.1.3 Required Representations by Parties.   
 The transferor and transferee(s) shall provide such additional written representations as the Company reasonably may request.  
  9.1.4 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences.   
 No Transfer of Units shall be permitted, and the Company shall withhold its consent with respect thereto, subject to the discretion of the
Board, if such Transfer or the admission of the transferee to the Company as a substituted Member, would:      

(a) 
 Be prohibited by, or trigger a prepayment of, a Financing;        

(b) 
 Result in the Company s assets becoming  plan assets  of any ERISA Member within the meaning of the Plan Assets Regulation;    

(c) 
 Result in the violation of applicable securities law;        

(d) 
 Result in the Company being subject to additional regulatory or compliance requirements imposed by laws other than the Exchange Act or the Investment Company Act;    

(e) 
 Result in the Company no longer being eligible to be treated as a RIC; or        

(f) 
 Result in the Company having fewer than 550 beneficial owners of Units.       9.1.5 Required Transfers.   
 In the event any Person is or becomes the owner of Units in the Company and such ownership would result in a violation of any of the provisions
of 9.1.4, the Company may cause the Company to repurchase the Units of such Person, or require such Person to Transfer their Units to another Person, and each Member consents to such forced repurchase or Transfer of Units as set forth in this 9.1.5.
    9.1.6 Opinion of Counsel.     The
Company may, but is not required to, condition its consent to any Transfer hereunder upon receipt by the Company of a written opinion of counsel for the Company, or of other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Company, as to such legal matters as the Company reasonably may request. No opinion will be required for any Transfer that is merely an assignment of Units to any successor trustee of an ERISA Member. For all purposes
of this Agreement, opinions of counsel referred to herein to be delivered by a Member may be delivered by an in-house counsel of the Member (or an affiliate of the Member) whom the Member reasonably believes to have expertise in the area of law
which is the subject matter of the opinion.  
      -20-  

9.1.7 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses.   
 Any Member who requests or otherwise seeks to effect a Transfer of all or a portion of its Units hereby agrees to reimburse the Company, at its
request, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in connection with such Transfer, including the costs of seeking and obtaining the legal opinion required by 9.1.6 and any other legal, accounting and miscellaneous expenses
(  Transfer Expenses  ), whether or not such Transfer is consummated. At its election, and in any event if the transferor has not reimbursed the Company for any Transfer Expenses incurred by the Company in preparing for or
consummating a proposed or completed Transfer within 30 days after the Company has delivered to such Member written demand for payment, the Company may seek reimbursement from the transferee of such interest (or portion thereof). If the
transferee does not reimburse the Company for such Transfer Expenses within a reasonable time (or, in the case of a Transfer not consummated, the prospective transferor does not reimburse the Company within a reasonable time), the Company may
withhold such amount from distributions that would otherwise be made with respect to such interest (with such withheld amount treated as having been distributed to the holder of such interest for all other purposes of this Agreement).  

9.2  
  A DMISSION   OF  S UBSTITUTED  M EMBERS .         
   Any transferee of a Member s Units transferred in accordance with the
provisions of this Article 9 shall be admitted as a substituted Member upon its execution (whether on its own behalf or via an attorney-in-fact) of an assignment agreement and a Subscription Agreement and counterpart to this Agreement and upon
obtaining the Company s prior written consent. Any transfer of Units in violation of the foregoing will be void, and any intended transferee will acquire no rights in such Units and will not be treated as a Member for any purpose.  
   
   The transferee of Units transferred pursuant to this Article 9
that is admitted to the Company as a substituted Member shall succeed to the rights and liabilities of the transferor Member with respect to such interest and, after the effective date of such admission, the Commitment and Undrawn Commitment of the
transferor with respect to the applicable class of Unit being transferred shall become the applicable Commitment and Undrawn Commitment, respectively, of the transferee, to the extent of the Unit transferred. If a transferee is not admitted to
the Company as a substituted Member, (a) such transferee shall have no right to participate with the Members in any votes taken or consents granted or withheld by the Members hereunder, and (b) the transferor shall remain liable to the Company for
all contributions and other amounts payable with respect to the transferred interest to the same extent as if no Transfer had occurred.      
   If a Transfer has been proposed or attempted but the
requirements of this Article 9 have not been satisfied, the Company shall not admit the purported transferee as a substituted Member but, to the contrary, shall ensure that the Company (a) continues to treat the transferor as the sole owner of the
Units purportedly transferred, (b) makes no distributions to the purported transferee and (c) does not furnish to the purported transferee any tax or financial information regarding the Company. The Company shall also not otherwise treat the
purported transferee as an owner of any Units (either legal or equitable), unless required by law to do so. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, at the expense of the purported
transferor, to prevent any such purported Transfer.  
      -21-  

ARTICLE 10  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION   
   
   To the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, none of the Company s Officers, Directors or employees (each, an   Indemnified Person  ) will be liable to the Company or to any Member for any act or omission performed or omitted by any such
Indemnified Person (including any acts or omissions of or by another Indemnified Person), in the absence of willful misfeasance, gross negligence, bad faith, reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such Indemnified Person s
respective position or criminal wrongdoing on its part (  Disabling Conduct  ).     10.2 I NDEMNIFICATION .   
 The Company shall indemnify each Indemnified Person for any loss or damage incurred by it in connection with any matter arising out of, or in
connection with, the Company, including the operations of the Company and the offering of Units, except for losses incurred by an Indemnified Person arising solely from the Indemnified Person s own Disabling Conduct.  
  10.3 R IGHT   TO  A DVANCEMENT   OF  E XPENSES .   
 In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in 10.2, an Indemnified Person shall also have the right to be paid by the Company the
expenses (including attorney s fees) incurred in appearing at, participating in or defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition or in connection with a proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification
or advancement of expenses under this Article 10 (which shall be governed by 10.4 (hereinafter an  advancement of expenses  provided, however, that, if applicable laws require or in the case of an advance made in a proceeding brought to
establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement, an advancement of expenses incurred by an Indemnified Person in his or her capacity as a Director or Officer shall be made solely upon delivery to the Company of an undertaking
(hereinafter an  undertaking ), by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a
 final adjudication ) that such Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified or entitled to advancement of expenses under 10.2 and this 10.3 or otherwise.  
  10.4 R IGHT   TO  I NDEMNIFIED  P ERSON   TO  B RING  S UIT .
    If a claim under 10.2 or 10.3 is not paid in full by the Company within (a) 60 days after a written claim for indemnification has
been received by the Company, or (b) 20 days after a claim for an advancement of expenses has been received by the Company, the Indemnified Person may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Company to recover the unpaid amount of the
claim or to obtain advancement of expenses, as applicable. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the
terms of an undertaking, the Indemnified Person shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (a) any suit brought by the Indemnified Person to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a
suit brought by the Indemnified Person to  
      -22-  

enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (b) any suit brought by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an
undertaking, the Company shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Indemnified Person has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the Delaware Act. Neither the failure of the Company
(including its Directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such Directors, independent legal counsel, or the Members) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnified Person
is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnified Person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware Act, nor an actual determination by the Company (including its Directors who are not parties to such action, a
committee of such Directors, independent legal counsel, or the Member) that the Indemnified Person has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnified Person has not met the applicable standard of conduct
or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnified Person, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Indemnified Person to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Company to
recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article 10 or otherwise shall be on the
Company.     10.5 I NDEMNIFICATION  N OT  E XCLUSIVE .   

(a) 
 The provision of indemnification to or the advancement of expenses and costs to any Indemnified Person under this Article 10, or the entitlement of any Indemnified Person to indemnification or advancement of expenses
and costs under this Article 10, shall not limit or restrict in any way the power of the Company to indemnify or advance expenses and costs to such Indemnified Person in any other way permitted by law or be deemed exclusive of, or invalidate, any
right to which any Indemnified Person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses and costs may be entitled under any law, agreement, vote of Members or Independent Directors or otherwise, both as to action in such Indemnified Person s
capacity as an Officer, Director or employee of the Company and as to action in any other capacity.        

(b) 
   Given that certain jointly indemnifiable claims (as defined below) may arise due to the service of the
Indemnified Person as a Director of the Company at the request of the Indemnified Person-related entities (as defined below), the Company shall be fully and primarily responsible for the payment to the Indemnified Person in respect of
indemnification or advancement of expenses in connection with any such jointly indemnifiable claims, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Article 10, irrespective of any right of recovery the Indemnified Person may have from the
Indemnified Person-related entities. Under no circumstance shall the Company be entitled to any right of subrogation or contribution by the Indemnified Person-related entities and no right of advancement or recovery the Indemnified Person may have
from the Indemnified Person-related entities shall reduce or otherwise alter the rights of the Indemnified Person or the obligations of the Company hereunder. In the event that any of the Indemnified Person-related entities shall make any
payment to the Indemnified Person in respect of indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to any jointly indemnifiable claim, the Indemnified Person-related entity making such payment shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment
to all of the rights of recovery of the Indemnified Person against the Company, and the Indemnified Person shall execute all papers reasonably required and shall do all things that may be reasonably necessary to
    
      -23-  

secure such rights, including the execution of such documents as may be necessary to enable the Indemnified Person-related entities effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. Each of
the Indemnified Person-related entities shall be third-party beneficiaries with respect to this 10.5(b), entitled to enforce this 10.5(b).  
 For purposes of this 10.5(b), the following terms shall have the following meanings:  
 (1) The term  Indemnified Person-related entities  means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise (other than the Company or any other limited liability company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for which the Indemnified Person has agreed,
on behalf of the Company or at the Company s request, to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent and which service is covered by the indemnity described herein) from whom an Indemnified Person may be entitled to indemnification or
advancement of expenses with respect to which, in whole or in part, the Company may also have an indemnification or advancement obligation.  
 (2) The term  jointly indemnifiable claims  shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, any action, suit or
proceeding for which the Indemnified Person shall be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses from both the Indemnified Person-related entities and the Company pursuant to applicable law, any agreement or certificate of incorporation,
bylaws, partnership agreement, LLC agreement, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or comparable organizational documents of the Company or the Indemnified Person-related entities, as applicable.  
  10.6 C OMPANY  O BLIGATIONS ; R ELIANCE .   
 The rights granted pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10 shall vest at the time a person becomes a Director, Officer or employee of the
Company and shall be deemed to create a binding contractual obligation on the part of the Company to the persons who from time to time are elected as Officers, Directors or employees of the Company, and such persons in acting in their capacities as
Officers, Directors or employees of the Company (including any Officer, Director or employee of the Company acting at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another limited liability company, corporation or
of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan) shall be entitled to rely on such provisions of this Article 10 without giving notice thereof to the Company.  
  10.7 N ATURE   OF  R IGHTS .   
 The rights conferred upon Indemnified Person in this Article 10 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an Indemnified
Person who has ceased to be a Director, Officer and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnified Person s heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article 10 that adversely affects any right of an
Indemnified Person or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit, eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place
prior to such amendment or repeal.  
      -24-  

10.8 I NSURANCE .   
 The Company may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any Director, Officer or employee of the Company or another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under applicable law.  
  10.9 L IMITATION   BY  L AW .   
 If any Indemnified Person or the Company itself is subject to any federal or state law, rule or regulation which restricts the extent to which
any Person may be exonerated or indemnified by the Company, the limitation of liability provisions set forth in 10.1 and the indemnification provisions set forth in 10.2 shall be deemed to be amended, automatically and without further action by the
Members, to the minimum extent necessary to conform to such restrictions. Without limiting the foregoing, for so long as the Company is regulated under the Investment Company Act, the limitation of liability and indemnification provisions shall
be the limited to the extent provided by the Investment Company Act and by any valid rule, regulation or order of the SEC thereunder.  
  ARTICLE 11   AMENDMENTS      11.1
A MENDMENTS .      11.1.1 By Consent.   
 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement may be amended with the consent of the Board (which term includes
any waiver, modification, or deletion of this Agreement) during or after the term of the Company, together with the prior written consent of:      

(a) 
 If no Preferred Units have been issued and are outstanding, a majority-in-interest of the Common Unitholders; and        

(b) 
 If Preferred Units have been issued and are outstanding:        

(1) 
 in the case of an amendment not affecting the rights of the Preferred Unitholders, a majority-in-interest of the Common Unitholders,    

(2) 
 in the case of an amendment not affecting the rights of the Common Unitholders (including rights or protections with respect to tax consequences of Common Unitholders), a majority-in-interest of the Preferred
Unitholders, and        

(3) 
 in case of an amendment affecting the rights (including rights or protections with respect to tax consequences of Common Unitholders) of both the Common Unitholders and the Preferred Unitholders, a majority-in-interest
of the Common Unitholders and a majority-in-interest of the Preferred Unitholders.      11.1.2 Without Consent.   
 Notwithstanding the provisions of 11.1.1 the following amendments may be made with the consent of the Board and without the need to seek the consent of any
Member:  
      -25-  

(a) 
 to add to the duties or obligations of the Board or surrender any right granted to the Board herein;        

(b) 
 to cure any ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or to correct any printing, stenographic or clerical errors or omissions in order that this
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Members;        

(c) 
 to make such changes as the Board in good faith deems necessary to comply with any requirements applicable to the Company or its affiliates under the Investment Company Act or any similar state or federal law; or

(d) 
 to make changes that this Agreement specifically provides may be made by the Board without the consent of any Member,    
 provided, however, that no amendment shall may be made pursuant to clauses (a) through (d) above if such amendment would (1) subject any Member to any adverse
economic consequences without such Member s consent, (2) diminish the rights or protections of one or more Members (including, for the avoidance of doubt, provisions intended to protect one or more Members from suffering certain adverse tax
consequences), or (3) diminish or waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the Board to the Company or the Members.     11.1.3 Consent
to Amend Special Provisions.     Notwithstanding the provisions of 11.1.1, any provision in this Agreement that requires the consent,
action or approval of a specified percentage in interest of the Members may not be amended without the consent of such specified percentage in interest of Members.  
  ARTICLE 12   ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS   
  12.1 K EEPING   OF  A CCOUNTS   AND  R ECORDS ; C ERTIFICATE 
 OF  F ORMATION ; A DMINISTRATOR .       
   At all times the Company shall keep proper and complete books of
account, in which shall be entered fully and accurately the transactions of the Company. Such books of account shall be kept on the accrual method of accounting for both tax and accounting purposes, and shall be maintained in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (  GAAP  ). The Company shall also maintain: (a) an executed copy of this Agreement (and any amendments hereto); (b) the Certificate (and any amendments thereto); (c) executed copies of any
powers of attorney pursuant to which any document described in clause (a) or (b) has been executed by the Company; (d) a current list of the name, address, Commitments and taxpayer identification number, if any, of each Member; (e) copies of all tax
returns filed by the Company; and (f) all financial statements of the Company for each of the prior seven years. These books and records shall at all times be maintained in accordance with the Company s record retention policy.  
      -26-  

12.1.2 Certificate of Conversion and Formation.   
 The Company shall file for record with the appropriate public authorities and, if required, publish the Certificate and any amendments thereto.
    12.1.3 Administrator.     The Company
will enter into an administration and custodial services agreement (the   Administration Agreement  ) with State Street Bank and Trust Company, or such other person(s) as are selected by the Company (the
  Administrator  ), to serve as administrator of and provide custodial services to the Company. The Administrator will be experienced in providing such services to investment funds similar to the Company.  
  12.2 I NSPECTION  R IGHTS .   
 At any time before the Company s complete liquidation, each Member, or a designee thereof, at its own expense may (a) fully examine and
audit the Company s books, records, accounts and assets, including bank account balances and (b) examine, or request that the Company furnish, such additional information as is reasonably necessary to enable the requesting Member to review the
state of the investment activities of the Company;  provided  that the Company can obtain such additional information without unreasonable effort or expense;  provided, further , that the Company may redact confidential information
relating to another Member. Any such examination or audit shall be made (1) only upon ten (10) Business Days  prior written notice to the Company, (2) during normal business hours and (3) without undue disruption. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company shall have the benefit of the confidential information provisions of Section 18-305(b) of the Delaware Act and the obligation to make company information available or to furnish company information shall be subject to 12.7.7.
    12.3 V ALUATION .     The
fair value of the Company s assets will be determined pursuant to a valuation policy approved by the Board.     12.4 N OTICES .   
 Any written notice herein required to be given to the Company by any of the Members shall be deemed to have been given if delivered in person
or if sent by Federal Express, DHL or comparable courier service (for delivery within two or fewer Business Days), or by email (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by e-mail containing an electronic link to a notice that such notice is
electronically accessible) to the principal office of the Company in New York, New York, or to such other address or email address as the Company may from time to time specify by notice to the Members.  
 Any written notice required to be given to a Members shall be deemed to have been given if sent to such Member at the address or email address
set forth in the records of the Company or such other address or email address as such Member shall have specified in writing to the Company; provided that any call for capital required to be made under Article 3 shall also comply with the specific
requirements of such section.    Notice, payment, demand or other communication shall be deemed to be delivered, given and received for all
purposes:  
      -27-  

(a) 
 on the day of it being sent, where delivered in person, sent by email, and when sent on any Business Day during normal working hours at the place of receipt;    

(b) 
 on the following Business Day, where sent by email on any Business Day outside normal working hours or on any day which is not a Business Day; and    

(c) 
 on the second Business Day following the date dispatched by Federal Express, DHL or any comparable courier service.    
  12.5 A CCOUNTING  P ROVISIONS .   
  12.5.1 Fiscal Year.     For U.S. federal
income tax purposes, the Company s year is the calendar year, unless otherwise required by the Code or permitted by applicable law. For financial reporting purposes, the Company s fiscal year is a calendar year ending December 31.
    12.5.2 Independent Auditors.     The
Company s independent public auditors shall be PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, or another public accounting firm of similar standing, as determined by the Board of Directors.  
  12.6 T AX  P ROVISIONS .   
  12.6.1 Classification of the Company as Corporation for Tax Purposes.       

(a) 
 The Company intends to make an election as of the Initial Drawdown Date to cause it to be classified as an association that is taxable as a corporation and shall maintain such classification.   

(b) 
 The Company will use reasonable best efforts to qualify as a BDC and a RIC no later than the first calendar year in which the Company anticipates it will have significant amounts of net income.    

(c) 
 Once the Company has elected RIC status, the Board will use reasonable best efforts to maintain the Company s status as a RIC.    
  12.6.2 RIC Requirements.     From and after
the date when the Company qualifies as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Board shall seek to cause the Company to meet any requirements necessary to obtain and maintain RIC qualification, including source-of-income and asset
diversification requirements and distributing annually an amount equal to at least 90% of its  investment company taxable income.      12.6.3
Tax Information.     The Company will cause to be delivered after the end of each calendar year to each Member who was a Member at any time during such
calendar year and is subject to U.S. federal, state, and local tax reporting obligations, such information as may be necessary for the preparation of such Member s U.S. federal, state, and local tax returns.  
      -28-  

Each Member agrees that such Member will, upon request by the Company, execute any forms or documents (including
a power of attorney or settlement or closing agreement), provide any information and take any further action requested by the Company, and that the Company may execute any forms or documents or obtain any information on such Member s behalf
that relate to such Member s investment in the Company, in connection with any tax matter affecting the Company.     12.7 G ENERAL 
P ROVISIONS .      12.7.1 Power of Attorney.   
 Each Member, by execution of this Agreement (including by execution of counterpart signature page hereto directly or via an attorney-in-fact),
hereby constitutes and appoints any duly authorized representative of the Company as its true and lawful representative and its attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and stead (i) to make, execute, sign and file any amendment to the Certificate of
the Company required because of an amendment to this Agreement, in order to effectuate any change in the Members or in the Commitments or Undrawn Commitments of the Common Unitholders or otherwise, and all such other instruments, documents and
certificates which may from time to time be required by the laws of the U.S., the State of Delaware, or any other state or any non-U.S. jurisdiction in which the Company shall determine to do business, or any political subdivision or agency thereof,
to effectuate, implement, and continue the valid and subsisting existence of the Company, or in connection with any tax filings of the Company, or any and all instruments, certificates, and other documents that may be deemed necessary or desirable
to effect the dissolution and winding-up of the Company (including a Certificate of Cancellation of the Company s Certificate); (ii) to make, execute, sign, deliver and acknowledge any instrument, agreement, indemnity or document of any kind
(including, without limitation, deeds of accession) in connection with the in-kind distribution of and the transfer of Investments to such Member; (iii) to effect any amendment to this Agreement adopted in accordance with its terms; (iv) to make,
execute and sign any documents, instruments and certificates necessary to sell the Common Units of any Defaulting Unitholder; and (v) to file, prosecute, defend, settle or compromise litigation, other claims or arbitration on behalf of the Company.
   Such representatives and attorneys-in-fact shall not, however, have any right, power or authority to amend or modify this Agreement when
acting in such capacities, except as contemplated by clause (iii) of the immediately preceding paragraph.    The power of attorney granted
hereby is coupled with an interest and shall (i) be irrevocable, (ii) be deemed to be given to secure a proprietary interest of the donee of the power or performance of an obligation owed to the donee, (iii) survive and shall not be affected by
the subsequent death, lack of capacity, dissolution, insolvency, termination or bankruptcy of any Member granting the same or the Transfer of all or any of such Member s Units, and (iv) extend to such Member s successors, assigns and legal
representatives. Each Member, at the request of the Company, shall execute additional powers of attorney on a document separate from this Agreement. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and any instruments executed,
delivered, or filed by the Company pursuant to this power of attorney, this Agreement shall prevail. The Company may exercise this power of attorney by listing all of the Members executing any agreement, certificate, instrument, or document
with the single signature of the attorney-in-fact as attorney-in-fact for all Members.    Except as otherwise specifically provided herein,
the powers of attorney granted herein shall not in any manner revoke in whole or in part any power of attorney that the undersigned previously has executed. This power of attorney shall not be revoked by any subsequent power of attorney the
undersigned may execute, unless such subsequent power specifically refers to this power of attorney or specifically states that the instrument is intended to revoke all prior powers of attorney.  
      -29-  

12.7.2 Binding on Successors.   
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, successors, permitted assigns and legal
representatives of the parties hereto.     12.7.3 Governing Law.   
  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.  In particular, it shall be
construed to the maximum extent possible to comply with all of the terms and conditions of the Delaware Act. If, nevertheless, it shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that any provision or wording of this Agreement shall be
invalid or unenforceable under said Delaware Act or other applicable law, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the entire Agreement. In that case, this Agreement shall be construed so as to limit any term or provision so as
to make it enforceable or valid within the requirements of any applicable law, and, in the event such term or provision cannot be so limited, this Agreement shall be construed to omit such invalid or unenforceable provisions.  
  12.7.4 Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.   
 Unless the Company otherwise agrees in writing, any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement may be brought in the courts of
the State of Delaware, and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Member hereby irrevocably accepts for him or herself and in respect of his or her property, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid
courts. Such Member hereby further irrevocably waives any claim that any such courts lack personal jurisdiction over such Member, and agrees not to plead or claim, in any legal action proceeding with respect to this Agreement in any of the
aforementioned courts, that such courts lack personal jurisdiction over such Member. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement by a Member seeking any relief whatsoever
against the Company shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (or other appropriate state court in the State of Delaware), and not in any other court in the United States of America, or any court in any other
country. Such Member hereby irrevocably waives any objection that such Member may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement brought in the
aforesaid courts and hereby further irrevocably, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives his or her rights to plead or claim and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action or proceeding brought in any such court
has been brought in an inconvenient forum. UNLESS THE COMPANY OTHERWISE AGREES IN WRITING, THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A
TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT.     12.7.5 Waiver of Partition.   
 Each Member hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have to maintain an action for partition of any of the Company s
property.  
      -30-  

12.7.6 Securities Law Matters.   
 Each Member understands that in addition to the restrictions on transfer contained in this Agreement, it must bear the economic risks of its
investment for an indefinite period because the interests in the Company have not been registered under the Securities Act or under any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction and, therefore, may not be sold or otherwise
transferred unless they are registered under the Securities Act and any such other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such registration is available.  
  12.7.7 Confidentiality.     (a) Each Member
agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Company (which consent may be withheld at its sole discretion), (a) it shall keep confidential and shall not copy, reproduce, sell, assign, license, market, distribute, make available, or
otherwise disclose, directly or indirectly, any information relating to the Company to any person who is not involved with such Member s investment in the Company and either (i) one of such Member s employees, officers or directors, or an
employee, officer or director of a person who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Member, (ii) an attorney, consultant or accountant engaged by such Member, or (iii) a person agreed to in writing by the Member and the
Company, and (b) such Member shall not use any information relating to the Company for any purpose (other than the evaluation of Units and the Company, the preparation of such Member s tax returns and the evaluation of the performance of such
Member s investment in the Company), including to effect or replicate any transactions described in any report or information relating to the Company received by the Member. Each Member also agrees that they will not obtain, or attempt to
obtain (lawfully or unlawfully) any information, that a reasonable person would consider personal, pertaining to another Member of the Company.  
 (b) Each Member further agrees that (i) it shall ensure that any such recipient is made aware of, and adheres to, the terms of this 12.7.7,
(ii) it shall be responsible for any disclosure of any such information by any such person in contravention of the terms of this 12.7.7, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Company or such disclosure is permitted as described below,
(iii) it is at all times subject to such Member s obligation to act, and to cause persons to whom such Member may disclose information pursuant to this 12.7.7 to act, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the receipt or
use of such information including, without limitation, those governing insider dealing or trading, market abuse and market manipulation, and (d) the Company may, in its sole discretion, refuse such Member s request to furnish any
correspondence, documents or other information relating to the Company to any person not described in (i), (ii) or (iii) above.    (c) The
terms of this 12.7.7 shall apply indefinitely to information related to the Company unless disclosure is required by applicable law or regulation (including pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process) or ordered by a court of competent
jurisdiction, or such information has become publicly available other than as a result of any breach of this Agreement by such Member or any person to whom such Member has disclosed such information.  
 (d) Each Member hereby represents and warrants that, except as disclosed to the Company in writing, it is not subject to any law, governmental
rule, regulation or legal process in any jurisdiction (including, without limitation, lawsuits, subpoenas administrative proceedings or the US Freedom of Information Act, or any comparable laws or regulations of any US or non-US jurisdiction)
requiring such Member to disclose (on receipt of a request to do so or otherwise) any information relating to the Company or their investment in the Company (collectively,   Disclosure Laws  ).  
      -31-  

(e) Upon a Member s receipt of requests, pursuant to a Disclosure Law, if applicable, or if
a Member is otherwise compelled by law or legal process, to make public disclosure of information relating to the Company, such Member shall (i) immediately send written notice to the Company (copied to the Investment Adviser) of the request, so
that the Company and/or the Investment Adviser may consult with such Member as to the exact disclosure obligation to which such Member is subject, and take any action legally available to the Company or the Investment Adviser under the laws and
regulations of the relevant jurisdiction and (ii) furnish only that portion of the requested information that is legally required and use its best efforts to obtain assurance that confidential treatment is accorded to that information. In
addition, upon receipt by the Company of written notice from such Member of a public disclosure request, the Company may, in its sole discretion, cause the Transfer of such Member s Units if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that
the disclosure of this information could adversely affect the Company, the Company s investors or the Investment Adviser. The right of the Company to cause the Transfer of such Member s Units as set forth in the preceding sentence
shall be in addition to, and shall not prejudice, any other rights of the Company and/or the Investment Adviser to compulsorily Transfer such Member s Units.  
 (f) Each Member further agrees that the Investment Adviser may, in its sole discretion, keep confidential and not disclose to such Member or
any other person any information relating to the Company (including, but not limited to, information that such Member or any other person would be required to disclose pursuant to applicable Disclosure Laws were such Member or such other person to
receive such information) if the Investment Adviser determines in its discretion that the disclosure of such information is not in the best interest of the Company or could damage the Company or its business, or if the Company is required by law or
by agreement with a third party to keep such information confidential.    (g) For purposes of this 12.7.7,  information relating to the
Company  shall be construed broadly and shall include, without limitation, any information furnished to, or otherwise obtained from the Investment Adviser by, a Member in respect of the Company or their Units, including, without limitation,
information regarding any other Member (including their identity), information regarding existing, past or prospective direct or indirect investments made by or other investment positions and trading activities and strategies of and/or transactions
effected directly or indirectly for the Company, the Company s financial reports and performance reports and correspondence with its Members, and the terms of this Agreement and any other agreement entered into between such Member or its
affiliates and the Company, the Investment Adviser, the distributor or placement agent or their respective affiliates.    (h) Each Member
acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the Company and the Investment Adviser would suffer irreparable injury if such Member was to violate any provision of this 12.7.7 and monetary damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any such violation and (ii)
that in the event that such Member breaches or threatens to breach any provision of this 12.7.7, in addition to any other remedies available to the Company in respect of any such breach, the Company and/or the Investment Adviser shall be entitled to
obtain an immediate permanent injunction against such breach and other equitable relief to enforce any and all of the provisions of this 12.7.7 and that such Member will not oppose the granting of such relief. The remedies afforded to the
Company and the Investment Adviser by this 12.7.7 shall be in addition to any and all other remedies available to the Company and the Investment Adviser resulting from such Member s violation, breach or threatened breach of this Agreement.  
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except as reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws, each
Member (and such Member s employees, representatives or other agents) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the offering and ownership of the Units (including the tax
treatment and  
      -32-  

tax structure of any Company transactions) and all materials of any kind (including opinions and other tax analyses) that are provided to such Member relating to such tax treatment and tax
structure. For this purpose,  tax structure  means any facts relevant to the US federal or state income tax treatment of (i) the offering and ownership of the Units and (b) any transactions by the Company, and does not include
information relating to the identity of the Company or its affiliates. Nothing in this paragraph shall be deemed to require the Investment Adviser to disclose to you any information that the Investment Adviser is permitted or is required to
keep confidential in accordance with this Agreement.    (j) Each Member acknowledges that the Company, the Investment Adviser or its
affiliates and/or service providers to or agents of the Company or the Investment Adviser may from time to time be required or may, in their discretion, determine that it is advisable to disclose certain information about the Company and its Members
including, but not limited to, investments held by the Company or the names and levels of beneficial ownership of Members, to (i) regulatory authorities of certain jurisdictions, which have or assert jurisdiction over the disclosing party or in
which the Company directly or indirectly invests, or (ii) any Lender to, counterparty of or service provider to the Investment Adviser or the Company, and each Member hereby consents to such disclosure.  
 (k) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this 12.7.7 shall not apply to any information that is already in the public domain, and
further, each Member shall have the right to make any filings required by applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, filings required by the Exchange Act), and shall be under no obligation to obtain consent of the Company prior to making
such filings.     12.7.8 Compliance with Laws   
 The Company will use reasonable best efforts to comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company, including, for the
avoidance of doubt, all applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism laws and anti-bribery laws, as well as applicable rules and regulations imposed by applicable securities laws; provided, that the Company will have no liability under this
12.7.8 in the event that noncompliance with an applicable law does not, or would not reasonably be expected to, have an adverse effect on the Company, other than a  de minimis  adverse effect. The Company has established and will maintain
internal controls, policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with all applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism laws and anti-bribery laws, as well as applicable rules and regulations imposed by applicable securities
laws.     12.7.9 Fixing the Record Date   
 In order for the Company to determine the Members entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, the
Board may fix a record date which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, be no more than sixty (60) nor less
than ten (10) days prior to the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be record date for determining the Members entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record
date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining Members entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of
Members shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is give or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of Members of
record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of Members shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
      -33-  

12.7.10 Notices to Members   
 The Company will notify the Members (i) as soon as reasonably practicable following any amendment to the PPM, and (ii) within 45 Business Days
of a change in the independent auditors of the Company (including in the notification a general description of the reasons therefore and the name of the new independent auditors).  
  12.7.11 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts.   
 Whenever the context of this Agreement permits, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders (and vice versa), and
reference to singular or plural shall be interchangeable with the other. The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions, and the parties intend that this Agreement shall
be construed and reformed in all respects as if any such invalid or unenforceable provision(s) were omitted or, at the direction of a court, modified in order to give effect to the intent and purposes of this Agreement. References in this
Agreement to particular sections of the Code or the Delaware Act or any other statute shall be deemed to refer to such sections or provisions as they may be amended after the date of this Agreement. Captions in this Agreement are for
convenience only and do not define or limit any term of this Agreement. It is the intention of the parties that every covenant, term, and provision of this Agreement shall be construed simply according to its fair meaning and not strictly for
or against any party (notwithstanding any rule of law requiring an Agreement to be strictly construed against the drafting party), it being understood that the parties to this Agreement are sophisticated and have had adequate opportunity and means
to retain counsel to represent their interests and to otherwise negotiate the provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement, together with the related Subscription Agreement and any Other Agreement (if any) between the Company and any Member
(  Other Agreement  ), shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding among the respective parties to such agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no representations, warranties or
agreements made by the Company except to the extent set forth in this Agreement, the Subscription Agreements and any such Other Agreement (if applicable). This Agreement or any amendment hereto may be signed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement or amendment, as the case may be.    ARTICLE
13   RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN INVESTORS      13.1 ERISA M EMBERS .   
 The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that  benefit plan investors  hold less than twenty five percent (25%) of
each class of equity interests in the Company (determined in accordance with the Plan Assets Regulation).  
 * * * * * * *  
      -34-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Limited Liability Company Agreement of
Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC as of the day, month and year first above written.       

C OMPANY :  

G OLDMAN  S ACHS  P RIVATE  M IDDLE  M ARKET  C REDIT  LLC  

By: 
   
   /s/ Jonathan Lamm   

Name: Jonathan Lamm  

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
 
   [Signature page to LLC Agreement]   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Limited Liability Company Agreement of
Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC as of the day, month and year first above written.       

Each of the Persons who has executed a Subscription Agreement, agreeing to purchase Common Units in the Company, to be admitted to the Company as a Member and to be bound by the terms of the Agreement:  

[ENTITY]  

By: 

Name:  

Title:  
 
   [Signature page to LLC Agreement]   

APPENDIX I   
  Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC   
  D EFINITIONS      For purposes
of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below (such meanings to be equally applicable to both singular and plural forms of the terms so defined). Additional defined terms are set forth in the provisions of this
Agreement to which they relate.      

Additional Investment  
    
 As set forth in 6.1.2(d).  

Administration Agreement  
    
 As set forth in 12.1.3.  

Administrator  
    
 As set forth in 12.1.3.  

Affiliate  
    
 With respect to the Person to which it refers, a Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such subject Person. For this purpose, each
Officer shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Investment Adviser, but Portfolio Companies or portfolio companies of the Existing Fund shall not be considered Affiliates of the Board, the Investment Adviser, any Officer, any member of the Board
or any member or manager of the Investment Adviser.  Affiliated  shall have the corresponding meaning.  

Agreement  
    
 As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.  

Assets  
    
 As set forth in 4.2.1.  

Assigned Rights  
    
 As set forth in 4.2.1.  

Audit Committee  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.2(a).  

BDC  
    
 A business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the Investment Company Act.  

Board  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.1(a).  

Business Day  
    
 A  business day  as defined in Rule 14d-1 of the Exchange Act.  

Catch-Up Date  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.2.  

Certificate  
    
 As set forth in 2.1.1.  

Chair of the Board  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.1(a).  

Chief Executive Officer  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.1(c).   
      I-1  

Code  
    
 The United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto.  

Commitment  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.1.  

Compliance Committee  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.2(a).  

Common Unitholders  
    
 Any Person who has entered into this Agreement and a Subscription Agreement pursuant to which such Person has agreed to purchase Common Units of the Company.  

Common Units  
    
 Common units of limited liability company interests in the Company.  

Company  
    
 As set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.  

Company Expenses  
    
 As set forth in 5.1.  

Contract Review Committee  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.2(a).  

Credit Support  
    
 As set forth in 4.2.1.  

Defaulting Unitholder  
    
 As set forth in 6.2.1.  

Delaware Act  
    
 As set forth in 2.1.1.  

Director  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.1.  

Disabling Conduct  
    
 As set forth in 10.1.  

Disclosure Laws  
    
 As set forth in 12.7.7(d).  

Drawdown Date  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.1.  

Drawdown Purchase Price  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.3.  

Drawdown Unit Amount  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.3.  

ERISA Member  
    
 Any Member that is (a) an  employee benefit plan  within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Part 4 of Title I of ERISA, (b) a  plan , as defined in Section 4975(c)(1) of the Code, to which the
provisions of Section 4975 of the Code are applicable, or (c) any other entity or account, any of the assets of which constitute  plan assets , within the meaning of ERISA, of a plan described in (a) or (b) above.  

Exchange Act  
    
 The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   
      I-2  

Existing Fund  
    
 Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.  

Final Closing Date  
    
 The final date on which the Company will accept Subscription Agreements, which will be no later than the six-month anniversary of the Initial Closing Date, provided that the Board may extend such Final Closing Date by up to an
additional six-month period, in its discretion.  

Financing  
    
 As set forth in 4.2.1.  

GAAP  
    
 As set forth in 12.1.1.  

Goldman Sachs  
    
 GS Group, together with GSAM, Goldman, Sachs   Co., Goldman Sachs International and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates.  

Governance and Nominating Committee  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.2(a).  

GSAM  
    
 Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P.  

GS Group  
    
 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  

Indemnified Person  
    
 As set forth in 10.1.  

Independent Director  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.1(h).  

Initial Closing Date  
    
 The first date on which the Company accepts Subscription Agreements relating to the purchase of Common Units from Persons other than the Initial Member.  

Initial Drawdown Date  
    
 The first date on which investors (other than the Initial Member) are required to contribute capital for the purchase of Common Units, which is also the first date on which the Company will issue Common Units other than to the
Initial Member.  

Initial Member  
    
 Credit Alternatives GP LLC, an Affiliate of the Investment Adviser.  

Investment  
    
 As set forth in 4.1.  

Investment Adviser  
    
 Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or any successor thereto.  

Investment Advisory Agreement  
    
 As set forth in 5.2.  

Investment Company Act  
    
 The Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  

Investment Committee  
    
 The investment committee of the Investment Adviser s Private Credit Group.   
      I-3  

Investment Period  
    
 The period beginning on the Initial Closing Date and ending on the second anniversary of the Final Closing Date, provided that such date may be extended by the Board, in the Board s discretion, for one additional six-month
period, and, with the approval of a majority-in-interest of the Common Unitholders, for up to one additional year thereafter. In addition, the Board may terminate the Investment Period at any time in its discretion.  

Lender  
    
 (i) any lender, issuer of letters of credit or provider of other financing or extensions of credit, (ii) any holder of indebtedness, assignments, guarantees or other obligations relating to any of the foregoing, and (iii) any of
their respective agents, trustees, successors and assigns.  

Lender Power  
    
 As set forth in 4.2.1  

Members  
    
 Collectively, the Common Unitholders and the Preferred Unitholders.  

NAV  
    
 The net asset value of the Company.  

Net Contributed Capital  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.2  

Net Contributed Capital Percentage  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.2.  

Officers  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.3.  

Organizational Expense Allocation  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.2.  

Organizational Expenses  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.2.  

Other Agreement  
    
 As set forth in 12.7.11.  

Person  
    
 Any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust, statutory or business trust, cooperative or association or any governmental body
or agency, and the heirs, executors, administrators, legal representative, successors and assigns of such Person where the context so permits.  

Plan Assets Regulation  
    
 The regulation concerning the definition of  plan assets  under ERISA adopted by the United States Department of Labor and codified in 29 C.F.R.  2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA.  

Portfolio Company  
    
 Any entity in which the Company holds an Investment.  

PPM  
    
 The private placement memorandum dated April 2016, as amended or supplemented from time to time, prepared by the Company with respect to the offering of Units.   
      I-4  

Preferred Appointed Directors  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.1.  

Preferred Unitholders  
    
 Any Person who has entered into this Agreement and a Subscription Agreement pursuant to which such Person has agreed to purchase Preferred Units of the Company.  

Preferred Units  
    
 Preferred units of limited liability company interests in the Company.  

Returned Capital  
    
 As set forth in 4.4.2.  

RIC  
    
 A regulated investment company as defined in the Code.  

SEC  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.2(b).  

Secretary  
    
 As set forth in 3.5.1(c).  

Securities Act  
    
 The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

Subscription Agreement  
    
 The subscription agreement by which any Member agreed to purchase such Member s Units.  

Subsequent Closing Date  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.2.  

Transfer  
    
 As set forth in 9.1.1.  

Transfer Expenses  
    
 As set forth in 9.1.7.  

Undrawn Commitment  
    
 As set forth in 3.4.3.  

Unitholders  
    
 As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.  

Units  
    
 Common Units and/or Preferred Units, as the context requires.  
 
      I-5  

APPENDIX II   
  Member Acknowledgements     In connection with the
Financings, other obligations and guarantees by the Company contemplated in 4.2, each Member hereby makes available as Credit Support the following acknowledgements, agreements and representations for the benefit of the Company and any Lender or
other holder of other obligations or guarantees:    (a) such Member hereby consents to the pledge or assignment of, and grant of a
security interest in, its Undrawn Commitment and related Assigned Rights and other forms of Credit Support referred to in 4.2.1;    (b) such
Member shall confirm, as of the date of this Agreement and following any default under a loan, credit or other facility or instrument evidencing such Financings, guarantees or other obligations, in favor of any Lenders or other holders of
indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations, the amount of such Member s Commitment and Undrawn Commitment (and such Member s address for purposes of drawdown notices);  
 (c) such Member is and will remain absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally obligated to fund capital contributions and perform its other
obligations under this Agreement and its Subscription Agreement, in each case, without set-off, defense (other than defense of payment), counterclaim or reduction based on any claim against any Person (including any defense of fraud or mistake, or
any defense under Section 365 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code), and such Member hereby waives any right to assert any claim to the contrary in connection with any bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of the Company or otherwise; 
 (d) such Member shall honor drawdown notices or other capital calls issued by or on behalf of any Lender or other holder of indebtedness,
guarantees or other obligations and such Lender or holder shall have the right to enforce the obligations of the Member to make contributions hereunder and under the terms of the Subscription Agreement and to seek all available remedies against the
Member if the Member fails to make such contributions;    (e) such Member acknowledges that the proceeds of capital contributions called in
accordance with this Agreement may be (i) used to repay the obligations to any Lenders or other holders of indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations and (ii) directly credited to or deposited in an account for the benefit of any Lenders or other
holders of indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations, in which case funds delivered by such Member pursuant to a capital call shall not be considered a funded contribution if such funds are not delivered into such account;  
 (f) such Member hereby also acknowledges and agrees that Lenders and other holders of indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations will rely
upon the statements made in this Agreement and its Subscription Agreement in connection with providing Financing to the Company; and the terms of any Financings, guarantees or other obligations of the Company may, without the consent of such Member,
be established and maintained and may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced, restructured, refinanced or otherwise modified from time to time, including to extend the maturity thereof, and whether by the same Lender, or different Lenders;
provided that no amendment, restatement or any other modification of the terms of any Financing shall alter the rights of any Member under this Agreement or their related Subscription Agreement; and  
 (g) as of the date of this Agreement, the representations and warranties of such Member in its Subscription Agreement are true and correct in
all material respects.  
      II-1  

SCHEDULE A   
  Schedule of Directors       

Name   

Jaime Ardila  

Ashok N. Bakhru  

Janet F. Clark  

John P. Coblentz, Jr.  

Ross J. Kari  

Ann B. Lane  

Richard P. Strubel  

Katherine ( Kaysie ) Uniacke  
 
      A-1  

SCHEDULE B   
  Schedule of Officers       

Name   
    
    Position    

Brendan McGovern 
    
 Chief Executive Officer and President  

Jon Yoder 
    
 Chief Operating Officer  

Jonathan Lamm 
    
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

Kathryn Quirk 
    
 Chief Compliance Officer  

Salvatore Lentini 
    
 Executive Vice President  

David Yu 
    
 Executive Vice President and Head of Research  

Scott Turco 
    
 Executive Vice President  

Caroline Kraus 
    
 Secretary and Chief Legal Officer  

Kenneth Curran 
    
 Assistant Treasurer  

Philip Giuca, Jr. 
    
 Assistant Treasurer  

Neena Reddy 
    
 Assistant Secretary  
 
      B-1  

</EX-99.(3)(2)>

<EX-99.(31)(1)>
 3
 d257425dex99311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act 

Exhibit 31.1   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Brendan McGovern, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:         

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(c) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Brendan McGovern  
 
 Brendan McGovern  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-99.(31)(1)>

<EX-99.(31)(2)>
 4
 d257425dex99312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act 

Exhibit 31.2   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Jonathan Lamm, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:         

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(c) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-99.(31)(2)>

<EX-99.(32)>
 5
 d257425dex99321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 32   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to      18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002     In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Brendan
McGovern, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Jonathan Lamm, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that, to the best of his knowledge:    1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Brendan McGovern  
 
 Brendan McGovern  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-99.(32)>

