<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1409775_0001409775-16-000115_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27181000</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>202033</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>997567</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10657462</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>12189725</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2601387</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>98</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001409775-16-000115.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109113644
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001409775-16-000115
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BBVA COMPASS BANCSHARES, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409775
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				208948381
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55106
		FILM NUMBER:		161983214

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 POST OAK BLVD
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		205-297-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 POST OAK BLVD
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BBVA USA BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001409775-16-000115.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 bbvacompass20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or  

For the transition period from                     to   
  Commission File Number: 000-55106 
  BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                           Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o   No     
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.   

Explanatory Note 
  The registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this report with certain reduced disclosures as permitted by those instructions. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Glossary of Acronyms and Terms 
    
  The following listing provides a comprehensive reference of common acronyms and terms used throughout the document: 
                 AFS 
    Available For Sale 
      ASC 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
      ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
      Basel III 
    Global regulatory framework developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
      Bank 
    Compass Bank 
      BBVA 
    Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
      BBVA Compass 
    Registered trade name of Compass Bank 
      BBVA Group 
    BBVA and its consolidated subsidiaries 
      BOLI 
    Bank Owned Life Insurance 
      BSI 
    BBVA Securities Inc. 
      Capital Securities 
    Debentures issued by the Parent 
      Cash Flow Hedge 
    A hedge of a forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability 
      CD     
    Certificate of Deposit and/or time deposits 
      CET1 
    Common Equity Tier 1  
      CET1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
    Ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 
      CFPB     
    Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
      Company 
    BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries 
      Covered Assets 
    Loans and other real estate owned acquired from the FDIC subject to loss sharing agreements 
      Covered Loans 
    Loans acquired from the FDIC subject to loss sharing agreements 
      CRA 
    Community Reinvestment Act 
      Dodd-Frank Act 
    Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
      ERM 
    Enterprise Risk Management 
      EVE 
    Economic Value of Equity 
      Exchange Act 
    Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
      Fair Value Hedge 
    A hedge of the fair value of  a recognized asset or liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment 
      FASB     
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FDIC 
    Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
      Federal Reserve Board 
    Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
      FHLB     
    Federal Home Loan Bank 
      FICO 
    Fair Isaac Corporation 
      Fitch 
    Fitch Ratings 
      FNMA     
    Federal National Mortgage Association 
      Guaranty Bank 
    Collectively, certain assets and liabilities of Guaranty Bank, acquired by the Company in 2009 
      HTM 
    Held To Maturity 
      IRS 
    Internal Revenue Service 
      LCR 
    Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
      Leverage Ratio 
    Ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average on-balance sheet assets 
      Moody's 
    Moody's Investor Services, Inc. 
      MRA 
    Master Repurchase Agreement 
      MSR 
    Mortgage Servicing Rights 
      OCC 
    Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
      OREO 
    Other Real Estate Owned 

3 

OTTI     
    Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
      Parent 
    BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. 
      Potential Problem Loans 
    Commercial loans rated substandard or below, which do not meet the definition of nonaccrual, TDR, or 90 days past due and still accruing 
      Purchased Impaired Loans 
    Loans with evidence of credit deterioration since acquisition for which it is probable all contractual payments will not be received that are accounted for under ASC Subtopic 310-30,   Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality 
      Purchased Nonimpaired Loans 
    Acquired loans with a fair value that is lower than the contractual amounts due that are not required to be accounted for in accordance with ASC Subtopic 310-30 
      SBA 
    Small Business Administration 
      SEC 
    Securities and Exchange Commission 
      S P 
    Standard and Poor's Rating Services 
      Series A Preferred Stock 
    Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A 
      TBA 
    To be announced 
      TDR 
    Troubled Debt Restructuring 
      Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
    Ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 
      Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
    Ratio of Total capital (the sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets 
      U.S. 
    United States of America 
      U.S. Treasury 
    United States Department of the Treasury 
      U.S. Basel III final rule 
    Final rule to implement the Basel III capital framework in the United States 
      U.S. GAAP 
    Accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. 

4 

Table of Contents  

Unless otherwise specified, the terms  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company  are used to refer to BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries, or any one or more of them, as the context may require.  The term  Parent  refers to BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.  The term  BBVA  refers to Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., the parent company of BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. 
  Forward-Looking Statements    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about the Company and its industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Statements other than statements of current or historical fact, including statements regarding the Company's future financial condition, results of operations, business plans, liquidity, cash flows, projected costs, and the impact of any laws or regulations applicable to the Company, are forward-looking statements.  Words such as  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   forecasts,   intends,   plans,   projects,   may,   will,   should,  and other similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements.  Such statements are subject to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated results.  Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following:  
             
    national, regional and local economic conditions may be less favorable than expected, resulting in, among other things, increased charge-offs of loans, higher provisions for credit losses and/or reduced demand for the Company's services;  
                
    disruptions to the credit and financial markets, either nationally or globally, including downgrades of the U.S. government's credit rating and the failure of the European Union to stabilize the fiscal condition of member countries;  
                
    weakness in the real estate market, including the secondary residential mortgage market, which can affect, among other things, the value of collateral securing mortgage loans, mortgage loan originations and delinquencies, and profits on sales of mortgage loans;  
                
    legislative, regulatory or accounting changes, including changes resulting from the adoption and implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act, which may adversely affect our business and/or competitive position, impose additional costs on the Company or cause us to change our business practices;  
                
    the Dodd-Frank Act's consumer protection regulations, which could adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations; 
                
    the CFPB's residential mortgage and other retail lending regulations, which could adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations; 
                
    further instability of oil prices, which could have a negative impact on the economies and real estate markets of states such as Texas, resulting in, among other things, higher delinquencies and increased charge-offs in the energy lending portfolio as well as other commercial and consumer loan portfolios indirectly impacted by changes in oil prices; 
                
    the Bank's CRA rating, which could result in certain restrictions on the Company's activities; 
                
    disruptions in the Company's ability to access capital markets, which may adversely affect its capital resources and liquidity; 
                
    the Company's heavy reliance on communications and information systems to conduct its business and reliance on third parties and affiliates to provide key components of its business infrastructure, any disruptions of which could interrupt the Company's operations or increase the costs of doing business; 
                
    that the Company's financial reporting controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or fraud; 
                
    the Company is subject to certain risks related to originating and selling mortgages.  It may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchases as a result of breaches of representations and warranties, borrower fraud or certain breaches of its servicing agreements, and this could harm the Company's liquidity, results of operations and financial condition; 
                
    the Company's dependence on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties; 
                
    the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies; 
                
    the failure to satisfy capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines applicable to the Company;  
                
    downgrades to the Company's credit ratings;  
                
    changes in interest rates which could affect interest rate spreads and net interest income;  
                
    costs and effects of litigation, regulatory investigations or similar matters;  
                
    a failure by the Company to effectively manage the risks the Company faces including credit, operational and cyber security risks;  
     
   5 

     Table of Contents  

increased pressures from competitors (both banks and non-banks) and/or an inability by the Company to remain competitive in the financial services industry, particularly in the markets which the Company serves, and keep pace with technological changes;  
                
    unpredictable natural or other disasters, which could impact the Company's customers or operations;  
                
    a loss of customer deposits, which could increase the Company's funding costs;  
                
    the impact that can result from having loans concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type or location of the borrower or collateral;  
                
    changes in the creditworthiness of customers;  
                
    increased loan losses or impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; 
                
    potential changes in interchange fees; 
                
    negative public opinion, which could damage the Company's reputation and adversely impact business and revenues; 
                
    the Company has in the past and may in the future pursue acquisitions, which could affect costs and from which the Company may not be able to realize anticipated benefits; 
                
    the Company depends on the expertise of key personnel, and if these individuals leave or change their roles without effective replacements, operations may suffer;  
                
    the Company may not be able to hire or retain additional qualified personnel and recruiting and compensation costs may increase as a result of turnover, both of which may increase costs and reduce profitability and may adversely impact the Company's ability to implement the Company's business strategies; and 
                
    changes in the Company's accounting policies or in accounting standards, which could materially affect how the Company reports financial results and condition.  
     The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the time they are made and do not necessarily reflect the Company s outlook at any other point in time. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or for any other reason. However, readers should carefully review the risk factors set forth in other reports or documents the Company files periodically with the SEC. 

6 

Table of Contents  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Financial Statements   (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   9 

Table of Contents  

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

10 

Table of Contents  

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   11 

Table of Contents  
  BBVA COMPASS BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

(  1  )   Basis of Presentation    
  General 
  The accounting and reporting policies of the Company and the methods of applying those policies that materially affect the consolidated financial statements conform with U.S. GAAP and with general financial services industry practices. The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and, therefore, do not include all information and notes to the consolidated financial statements necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income and cash flows in conformity with U.S. GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal and recurring items, necessary for the fair presentation of the condensed consolidated financial statements have been included. Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ended   December 31, 2016  . These interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  The Company has evaluated subsequent events for potential recognition and disclosure through the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to determine if either recognition or disclosure of significant events or transactions is required.  
  Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period, the most significant of which relate to the allowance for loan losses, goodwill impairment, fair value measurements and income taxes.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
  In   May 2014  , the FASB released ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  .  The core principle of this codified guidance requires an entity to recognize revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  The amendments in this ASU were originally effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after   December 15, 2016  .  Subsequently, the FASB issued a   one  -year deferral for implementation, which results in the new guidance being effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  The FASB, however, permitted adoption of the new guidance on the original effective date.   The Company is currently assessing the impact that the adoption of this standard will have on the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its selection of transition method.  Because the guidance does not apply to revenue associated with financial instruments, including loans and securities accounted for under other U.S. GAAP, the Company does not expect the new revenue recognition guidance to have a material impact on the elements of its statement of income most closely associated with financial instruments, including securities gains, interest income and interest expense.  The Company plans to adopt this standard in the first quarter of 2018. 
  Consolidation 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.    The amendments in this ASU modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entities, eliminate the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with variable interest entities and provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interest in certain investment funds.  The amendments in this ASU were effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015.  The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.    To simplify presentation of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this ASU require debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  The amendments in this ASU were effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015.  The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 
  Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05,   Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement.    The amendments in this ASU provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license.  If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.  If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract.  The amendments in this ASU were effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015.  The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 
  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities  .  The amendments in this ASU revise an entity's accounting related to the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value.  The ASU also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted for the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 
  Leases 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  .  The FASB issued this ASU to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under current U.S. GAAP and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018.  Early application of this ASU is permitted for all entities.  The Company is currently assessing the impact that the adoption of this standard will have on the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Stock Compensation 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .  The FASB issued this ASU to improve the accounting for share-based payment transactions as part of its simplification initiative.  The areas for simplification in this ASU involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted.  The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Losses 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses  , which introduces new guidance for the accounting for credit losses on instruments within its scope.  The new guidance introduces an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the impairment model for AFS debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early application of this ASU is permitted.  The Company is currently assessing the impact that the adoption of this standard will have on the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Statement of Cash Flows 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , which provides guidance on eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice.   The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early application of this ASU is permitted.  The Company is currently assessing the impact that the adoption of this standard will have on the Statements of Cash Flows of the Company. 
   
  (  2  )   Acquisition Activity 
  On June 6, 2016, the Parent completed the purchase of   four   subsidiaries (Bancomer Transfer Services, Bancomer Payment Services, Bancomer Foreign Exchange, and Bancomer Financial Services) from BBVA Bancomer USA, Inc.  BBVA Bancomer USA, Inc. is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of BBVA Bancomer, S.A., Mexico City, Mexico and ultimately a wholly-owned subsidiary of BBVA.  These four subsidiaries engage in money transmission and foreign exchange services and are subsidiaries of BBVA Compass Payments, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent.  
  The transaction was structured as a cash purchase totaling   $69.2 million  .  At   December 31, 2015  , the   four   subsidiaries had total assets of approximately   $103 million  .  Because the Company and the acquired subsidiaries are under common control of the ultimate parent, BBVA, this transaction was accounted for in a manner similar to the pooling-of-interest method, which requires the merged entities be combined at their historical cost.  The difference between the net carrying amount of the four subsidiaries and the total consideration paid to BBVA Bancomer USA, Inc. was recorded as a capital transaction and is reflected as a dividend to BBVA Bancomer USA, Inc. in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholder's Equity.  The Company's consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are presented as if the transaction occurred at the beginning of the earliest date presented and the prior periods have been retrospectively adjusted.  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the impact of the acquisition to certain captions within the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   December 31, 2015   and the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Income Statement for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

Additionally, the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Shareholder's Equity and Cash Flows along with Footnotes 6, 9, 10, 12, and 13 have been adjusted to reflect these retrospective adjustments. 

15 

Table of Contents  

(3)     Investment Securities Available for Sale and Investment Securities Held to Maturity    
  The following table presents the adjusted cost and approximate fair value of investment securities available for sale and investment securities held to maturity. 

In the above table, equity securities include   $427 million   and   $503 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, of FHLB and Federal Reserve stock carried at par.   
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

The investments held within the states and political subdivision caption of investment securities held to maturity relate to private placement transactions underwritten as loans by the Company but that meet the definition of a security within ASC Topic 320,   Investments   Debt and Equity Securities  . 
  The following table discloses the fair value and the gross unrealized losses of the Company s available for sale securities and held to maturity securities that were in a loss position at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  This information is aggregated by investment category and the length of time the individual securities have been in an unrealized loss position.  

17 

     Table of Contents  

As indicated in the previous tables, at   September 30, 2016  , the Company held certain investment securities in unrealized loss positions.  The Company does not have the intent to sell these securities and believes it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell these securities before their anticipated recovery.  
  The Company regularly evaluates each available for sale and held to maturity security in a loss position for OTTI.  In its evaluation, the Company considers such factors as the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been below cost, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company s intent to hold the security to an expected recovery in market value and whether it is more likely than not that the Company will have to sell the security before its fair value recovers.  Activity related to the credit loss component of the OTTI is recognized in earnings.  The portion of OTTI related to all other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income.   
  Management does not believe that any individual unrealized loss in the Company s investment securities available for sale or held to maturity portfolios, presented in the preceding tables, represents an OTTI at either   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  , other than those noted below.  
  The following table discloses activity related to credit losses for debt securities where a portion of the OTTI was recognized in other comprehensive income. 

For both the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there was   no   OTTI recognized on held to maturity securities. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there was   $130 thousand   and   $1.3 million  , respectively of OTTI recognized on held to maturity securities. The investment securities primarily impacted by credit impairment are held to maturity non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations.  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

The contractual maturities of the securities portfolios are presented in the following table. 

The gross realized gains and losses recognized on sales of investment securities available for sale are shown in the table below.  

19 

Table of Contents  

(  4  )   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses    
  The following table presents the composition of the loan portfolio.   

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company considered its energy lending portfolio as a concentration due to the impact on this portfolio of declining oil prices that began in late 2014 and continued into 2016.  Total energy exposure, including unused commitments to extend credit and letters of credit was   $8.2 billion   and   $9.4 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The funded amount of the Company's energy lending portfolio was approximately   $3.3 billion   and   $3.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and is reported in total commercial, financial and agricultural in the table above.  The decline in oil prices has negatively impacted the financial results of many borrowers in the energy lending portfolio, leading to internal risk rating downgrades.  If oil prices remain unstable or resume their decline, the energy-related portfolio may be subject to additional pressure on credit quality metrics including past due, criticized, and nonperforming loans, as well as net charge-offs. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality  
  The following table, which excludes loans held for sale, presents a summary of the activity in the allowance for loan losses. The portion of the allowance that has not been identified by the Company as related to specific loan categories has been allocated to the individual loan categories on a pro rata basis for purposes of the table below: 

(1)   
    Includes commercial real estate   mortgage and real estate   construction loans. 
              (2)   
    Includes residential real estate   mortgage, equity lines of credit and equity loans. 
              (3)   
    Includes credit card, consumer direct and consumer indirect loans. 
     
   21 

     Table of Contents  

The table below provides a summary of the allowance for loan losses and related loan balances by portfolio.  

(1)   
    Includes commercial real estate   mortgage and real estate   construction loans. 
              (2)   
    Includes residential real estate   mortgage, equity lines of credit and equity loans. 
              (3)   
    Includes credit card, consumer direct and consumer indirect loans. 
     
   22 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present information on individually evaluated impaired loans, by loan class.  

23 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present information on individually evaluated impaired loans, by loan class. 

The tables above do not include Purchased Impaired Loans, Purchased Nonimpaired Loans or loans held for sale.  
  Detailed information on the Company's allowance for loan losses methodology and the Company's impaired loan policy are included in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  The Company monitors the credit quality of its commercial portfolio using an internal dual risk rating, which considers both the obligor and the facility. The obligor risk ratings are defined by ranges of default probabilities of the borrowers, through internally assigned letter grades (AAA through D2) and the facility risk ratings are defined by ranges of the loss given default. The combination of those two approaches results in the assessment of the likelihood of loss and it is mapped to the regulatory classifications. The Company assigns internal risk ratings at loan origination and at regular intervals subsequent to origination. Loan review intervals are dependent on the size and risk grade of the loan, and are generally conducted at least annually. Additional reviews are conducted when information affecting the loan s risk grade becomes available.  The general characteristics of the risk grades are as follows: 
             
    The Company s internally assigned letter grades  AAA  through  B-  correspond to the regulatory classification  Pass.   These loans do not have any identified potential or well-defined weaknesses and have a high likelihood of orderly repayment.  Exceptions exist when either the facility is fully secured by a CD and held at the Company or the facility is secured by properly margined and controlled marketable securities. 
                
    Internally assigned letter grades  CCC+  through  CCC  correspond to the regulatory classification  Special Mention.   Loans within this classification have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close  
     
   24 

     Table of Contents  

attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or in the institution s credit position at some future date. Special mention loans are not adversely classified and do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. 
             
    Internally assigned letter grades  CCC-  through  D1  correspond to the regulatory classification  Substandard.   A loan classified as substandard is inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard loans have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the loan. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
                
    The internally assigned letter grade  D2  corresponds to the regulatory classification  Doubtful.   Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in a loan classified as substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable or improbable. 
     The Company considers payment history as the best indicator of credit quality for the consumer portfolio. Nonperforming loans in the tables below include loans classified as nonaccrual, loans 90 days or more past due and loans modified in a TDR 90 days or more past due. 
  The following tables, which exclude loans held for sale and covered loans, illustrate the credit quality indicators associated with the Company s loans, by loan class. 

25 

     Table of Contents  

26 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present an aging analysis of the Company s past due loans, excluding loans classified as held for sale. 

Policies related to the Company's nonaccrual and past due loans are included in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   
  It is the Company s policy to classify TDRs that are not accruing interest as nonaccrual loans.  It is also the Company s policy to classify TDR past due loans that are accruing interest as TDRs and not according to their past due status. The tables above reflect this policy.   
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides a breakout of TDRs, including nonaccrual loans and covered loans and excluding loans classified as held for sale.  

Modifications to a borrower s loan agreement are considered TDRs if a concession is granted for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties that otherwise would not be considered. Within each of the Company s loan classes, TDRs typically involve modification of the loan interest rate to a below market rate or an extension or deferment of the loan.  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  ,   $1.2 million   of TDR modifications included an interest rate concession and   $36.5 million   of TDR modifications resulted from modifications to the loan s structure. During the   three months ended September 30, 2015  ,   $2.0 million   of TDR modifications included an interest rate concession and   $4.7 million   of TDR modifications resulted from modifications to the loan s structure. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   $4.2 million   of TDR modifications included an interest rate concession and   $49.8 million   of TDR modifications resulted from modifications to the loan s structure. During the   nine  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

months ended September 30, 2015  ,   $2.9 million   of TDR modifications included an interest rate concession and   $14.0 million   of TDR modifications resulted from modifications to the loan s structure. 
  The following table presents an analysis of the types of loans that were restructured and classified as TDRs, excluding loans classified as held for sale. 

For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , charge-offs and changes to the allowance related to modifications classified as TDRs were not material.  
  The Company considers TDRs aged 90 days or more past due, charged off or classified as nonaccrual subsequent to modification, where the loan was not classified as a nonperforming loan at the time of modification, as subsequently defaulted.  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables provide a summary of initial subsequent defaults that occurred within one year of the restructure date. The table excludes loans classified as held for sale as of period-end and includes loans no longer in default as of period-end. 
                                           
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
        
    Number of Contracts 
      
    Recorded Investment at Default 
      
    Number of Contracts 
      
    Recorded Investment at Default 
        
    (Dollars in Thousands) 
      Commercial, financial and agricultural 

$ 

$ 

Real estate   construction 

Commercial real estate   mortgage 

Residential real estate   mortgage 

1 

119 
      
      Equity lines of credit 
    8 

204 

1 

Equity loans 
    1 

42 

1 

55 
      
      Credit card 

Consumer direct 

1 

100 
      
      Consumer indirect 
    1 

13 

Covered loans 

1 

18 

The Company s allowance for loan losses is largely driven by updated risk ratings assigned to commercial loans, updated borrower credit scores on consumer loans, and borrower delinquency history in both commercial and consumer portfolios.  As such, the provision for loan losses is impacted primarily by changes in borrower payment performance rather than TDR classification.  In addition, all commercial and consumer loans modified in a TDR are considered to be impaired, even if they maintain their accrual status. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   $21.9 million   and   $5.7 million  , respectively, of commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose terms have been modified in a TDR. 
  Foreclosure Proceedings 
  OREO totaled   $22 million   and   $21 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. OREO included   $20 million   and   $17 million   of foreclosed residential real estate properties at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   $29 million   and   $30 million  , respectively, of residential real estate loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process.  
  
   30 

Table of Contents  

(5)     Loan Sales and Servicing    
  Loans held for sale were   $102 million   and   $71 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Loans held for sale at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were comprised entirely of residential real estate - mortgage loans. 
  The following table summarizes the Company's activity in the loans held for sale portfolio and loan sales, excluding activity related to loans originated for sale in the secondary market.   

The following table summarizes the Company's sales of loans originated for sale in the secondary market. 

(1) 
    Includes loans originated for sale where the Company retained servicing responsibilities. 
              (2) 
    Net gains were recorded in mortgage banking income in the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
     Residential Real Estate Mortgage Loans Sold with Retained Servicing 
  The following table summarizes the Company's activity related to residential real estate mortgage loans sold with retained servicing.   

(3) 
    There is no recourse to the Company for the failures of borrowers to pay loans when due. 
              (4) 
    Recorded as a component of other noninterest income in the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
       
       The following table provides the recorded balance of loans sold with retained servicing and the related MSRs. 

(5) 
    These loans are not included in loans on the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
              (6) 
    Recorded under the fair value method and included in other assets on the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
     
   31 

     Table of Contents  

The fair value of MSRs is significantly affected by mortgage interest rates available in the marketplace, which influence mortgage loan prepayment speeds.  In general, during periods of declining rates, the fair value of MSRs declines due to increasing prepayments attributable to increased mortgage-refinance activity.  During periods of rising interest rates, the fair value of MSRs generally increases due to reduced refinance activity.  The Company maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in the fair value of the MSR portfolio.  This strategy includes the purchase of various trading securities.  The interest income, mark-to-market adjustments and gain or loss from sale activities associated with these securities are expected to economically hedge a portion of the change in the fair value of the MSR portfolio. 
  The following table is an analysis of the activity in the Company s MSRs. 

(7) 
    Represents the realization of expected net servicing cash flows, expected borrower repayments and the passage of time. 
     See Note   9  ,   Fair Value of Financial Instruments  , for additional disclosures related to the assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value of MSRs.   
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the sensitivity of the current fair value of the residential MSRs to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in key economic assumptions are included in the following table: 

The sensitivity calculations above are hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future performance. As indicated, changes in fair value based on adverse changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in this table, the effect of an adverse variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the MSRs is calculated without changing any other assumption; while in reality, changes in one assumption may result in changes to another, which may magnify or counteract the effect of the change.  
   
  (6)     Derivatives and Hedging 
  The Company is a party to derivative instruments in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers and to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.  The  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

Company has made an accounting policy decision to not offset derivative fair value amounts under master netting agreements. See Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for additional information on the Company's accounting policies related to derivative instruments and hedging activities.  The following table reflects the notional amount and fair value of derivative instruments included on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets on a gross basis. 

(1) 
    Derivative assets, except for trading account assets that are recorded as a component of trading account assets on the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, are recorded in other assets on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
              (2) 
    Derivative liabilities are recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  . 
              (3) 
    Changes in fair value are cash settled daily; therefore, there is no ending balance at any given reporting period. 
     Hedging Derivatives 
  The Company uses derivative instruments to manage the risk of earnings fluctuations caused by interest rate volatility.  For those financial instruments that qualify and are designated as a hedging relationship, either a fair value hedge or cash flow hedge, the effect of interest rate movements on the hedged assets or liabilities will generally be offset by change in fair value of the derivative instrument.  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value Hedges 
  The Company enters into fair value hedging relationships using interest rate swaps to mitigate the Company s exposure to losses in value as interest rates change.  Derivative instruments that are used as part of the Company s interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps that relate to the pricing of specific balance sheet assets and liabilities.  Interest rate swaps generally involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on a common notional principal amount and maturity date.   
  Interest rate swaps are used to convert the Company s fixed rate long-term debt to a variable rate.  The critical terms of the interest rate swaps match the terms of the corresponding hedged items.  All components of each derivative instrument s gain or loss are included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness.   
  The Company recognized   no   gains or losses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   related to hedged firm commitments no longer qualifying as a fair value hedge.  At   September 30, 2016  , the fair value hedges had a weighted average expected remaining term of   4.4 years  .  
  The following table reflects the change in fair value for interest rate contracts and the related hedged items as well as other gains and losses related to fair value hedges including gains and losses recognized because of hedge ineffectiveness.  

Cash Flow Hedges 
  The Company enters into cash flow hedging relationships using interest rate swaps and options, such as caps and floors, to mitigate exposure to the variability in future cash flows or other forecasted transactions associated with its floating rate assets and liabilities.  The Company uses interest rate swaps and options to hedge the repricing characteristics of its floating rate commercial loans and FHLB advances. The Company also uses foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates due to a portion of the money transfer expense being denominated in foreign currency.  All components of each derivative instrument s gain or loss are included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness.  The initial assessment of expected hedge effectiveness is based on regression analysis.  The ongoing periodic measures of hedge ineffectiveness are based on the expected change in cash flows of the hedged item caused by changes in the benchmark interest rate.  There were   no   material cash flow hedging gains or losses recognized because of hedge ineffectiveness for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  There were   no   gains or losses reclassified from other comprehensive income because of the discontinuance of cash flow hedges related to certain forecasted transactions that are probable of not occurring for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
  At   September 30, 2016  , cash flow hedges not terminated had a net fair value of   $(7.4) million   and a weighted average life of   1.1 years  .  Net losses of   $1.2 million   are expected to be reclassified to income over the next   12   months as net settlements occur.  The maximum length of time over which the entity is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions is   4.8 years  . 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the effect of derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.   

Derivatives Not Designated As Hedges 
  Derivatives not designated as hedges include those that are entered into as either economic hedges as part of the Company s overall risk management strategy or to facilitate client needs.  Economic hedges are those that do not qualify to be treated as a fair value hedge, cash flow hedge or foreign currency hedge for accounting purposes, but are necessary to economically manage the risk exposure associated with the assets and liabilities of the Company.   
  The Company also enters into a variety of interest rate contracts, commodity contracts and foreign exchange contracts in its trading activities.  The primary purpose for using these derivative instruments in the trading account is to facilitate customer transactions.  The interest rate contract portfolio classified as trading is actively managed and hedged with similar products to limit market value risk of the portfolio.  Changes in the estimated fair value of contracts in the trading account along with the related interest settlements on the contracts are recorded in noninterest income as corporate and correspondent investment sales in the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  The Company enters into forward contracts to economically hedge the change in fair value of certain residential mortgage loans held for sale due to changes in interest rates.  Revaluation gains and losses from free-standing derivatives related to mortgage banking activity are recorded as a component of mortgage banking income in the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  
  Interest rate lock commitments issued on residential mortgage loan commitments to be held for resale are also considered free-standing derivative instruments, and the interest rate exposure on these commitments is economically hedged primarily with forward contracts. Revaluation gains and losses from free-standing derivatives related to mortgage banking activity are recorded as a component of mortgage banking income in the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  
  In conjunction with the sale of its Visa, Inc. Class B shares in   2009  , the Company entered into a total return swap in which the Company will make or receive payments based on subsequent changes in the conversion rate of the Class B shares into Class A shares. This total return swap is accounted for as a free-standing derivative.  
  The Company offers its customers equity-linked CDs that have a return linked to individual equities and equity indices. Under appropriate accounting guidance, a CD that pays interest based on changes in an equity index is a hybrid instrument that requires separation into a host contract (the CD) and an embedded derivative contract (written equity call option). The Company has entered into an offsetting derivative contract in order to economically hedge the exposure related to the issuance of equity-linked CDs. Both the embedded derivative and derivative contract entered into by the Company are classified as free-standing derivative instruments that are recorded at fair value with offsetting gains and losses recognized within noninterest expense in the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  
  The Company also enters into foreign currency contracts to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates due to its funding of commercial loans in foreign currencies. 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

The net gains and losses recorded in the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income from free-standing derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments are summarized in the following table. 

Derivatives Credit and Market Risks 
  By using derivative instruments, the Company is exposed to credit and market risk.  If the counterparty fails to perform, credit risk is equal to the extent of the Company s fair value gain in a derivative.  When the fair value of a derivative instrument contract is positive, this generally indicates that the counterparty owes the Company and, therefore, creates a credit risk for the Company.  When the fair value of a derivative instrument contract is negative, the Company owes the counterparty and, therefore, it has no credit risk.  The Company minimizes the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties that are reviewed periodically.  Credit losses are also mitigated through collateral agreements and other contract provisions with derivative counterparties.   
  Market risk is the adverse effect that a change in interest rates or implied volatility rates has on the value of a financial instrument.  The Company manages the market risk associated with interest rate contracts by establishing and monitoring limits as to the types and degree of risk that may be undertaken.   
  The Company s derivatives activities are monitored by its Asset/Liability Committee as part of its risk-management oversight.  The Company s Asset/Liability Committee is responsible for mandating various hedging strategies that are developed through its analysis of data from financial simulation models and other internal and industry sources.  The resulting hedging strategies are then incorporated into the Company s overall interest rate risk management and trading strategies. 
  Entering into interest rate swap agreements and options involves not only the risk of dealing with counterparties and their ability to meet the terms of the contracts but also interest rate risk associated with unmatched positions. At   September 30, 2016  , interest rate swap agreements and options classified as trading were substantially matched.  The  
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

Company had credit risk of   $534 million   related to derivative instruments in the trading account portfolio, which does not take into consideration master netting arrangements or the value of the collateral.  There were   $2.6 million   and   $2.5 million   of net credit losses associated with derivative instruments classified as trading for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. There were   $15 thousand   and   $9 thousand   of net credit losses associated with derivative instruments classified as trading for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were no material nonperforming derivative positions classified as trading. 
  The Company s derivative positions held for hedging purposes are primarily executed in the over-the-counter market.  These positions at   September 30, 2016   have credit risk of   $101 million  , which does not take into consideration master netting arrangements or the value of the collateral.   
  There were   no   credit losses associated with derivative instruments classified as nontrading for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   no   nonperforming derivative positions classified as nontrading. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had recorded the right to reclaim cash collateral of   $295 million   and   $162 million  , respectively, within other assets on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and had recorded the obligation to return cash collateral of   $39 million   and   $40 million  , respectively, within deposits on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Contingent Features 
  Certain of the Company s derivative instruments contain provisions that require the Company s debt maintain a certain credit rating from each of the major credit rating agencies.  If the Company s debt were to fall below this rating, it would be in violation of these provisions, and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could demand immediate and ongoing full overnight collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability positions.  The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position on   September 30, 2016   was   $61 million   for which the Company has collateral requirements of   $60 million   in the normal course of business.  If the credit risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements had been triggered on   September 30, 2016  , the Company s collateral requirements to its counterparties would have increased by   $1 million  .  The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position on   December 31, 2015   was   $46 million   for which the Company had collateral requirements of   $45 million   in the normal course of business.  If the credit risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements had been triggered on   December 31, 2015  , the Company s collateral requirements to its counterparties would have increased by   $1 million  . 
  Netting of Derivative Instruments 
  The Company is party to master netting arrangements with its financial institution counterparties for some of its derivative and hedging activities.  The Company does not offset assets and liabilities under these master netting arrangements for financial statement presentation purposes.  The master netting arrangements provide for single net settlement of all derivative instrument arrangements, as well as collateral, in the event of default, or termination of, any one contract with the respective counterparties.  Cash collateral is usually posted by the counterparty with a net liability position in accordance with contract thresholds.  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

The following represents the Company s total gross derivative instrument assets and liabilities subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement.  The derivative instruments the Company has with its customers are not subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement.  

(1) 
    The actual amount of collateral received/pledged is limited to the asset/liability balance and does not include excess collateral received/pledged. When excess collateral exists, the collateral shown in the table above has been allocated based on the percentage of the actual amount of collateral posted.  
      
  (  7  )   Securities Financing Activities    
  Netting of Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell and Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 
  The Company has various financial asset and liabilities that are subject to enforceable master netting agreements or similar agreements. The Company's derivatives that are subject to enforceable master netting agreements or similar transactions are discussed in Note   6  ,   Derivatives and Hedging  . The Company enters into agreements under which it purchases or sells securities subject to an obligation to resell or repurchase the same or similar securities. Securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase are generally accounted for as collateralized financing transactions and recorded at the amounts at which the securities were purchased or sold plus accrued interest. The securities pledged as collateral are generally U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies, mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations.  
  Securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase are governed by a MRA. Under the terms of the MRA, all transactions between the Company and the counterparty constitute a single business relationship such that in the event of default, the nondefaulting party is entitled to set off claims and apply property held by that party in respect of any transaction against obligations owed.  Any payments, deliveries, or other transfers may be applied against each other and netted. These amounts are limited to the contract asset/liability balance,  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

and accordingly, do not include excess collateral received or pledged. The Company offsets the assets and liabilities under netting arrangements for the balance sheet presentation of securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase provided certain criteria are met that permit balance sheet netting.  

(1) 
    The actual amount of collateral received/pledged is limited to the asset/liability balance and does not include excess collateral received/pledged. When excess collateral exists, the collateral shown in the table above has been allocated based on the percentage of the actual amount of collateral posted.  

39 

     Table of Contents  

Collateral Associated with Securities Financing Activities 
  Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted for as secured borrowings. The following table presents the Company's related activity, by collateral type and remaining contractual maturity.  

In the event of a significant decline in fair value of the collateral pledged for the securities sold under agreements to repurchase, the Company would be required to provide additional collateral. The Company minimizes the risk by monitoring the liquidity and credit quality of the collateral, as well as the maturity profile of the transactions. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of collateral received related to securities purchased under agreements to resell was   $4.0 billion   and the fair value of collateral pledged for securities sold under agreements to repurchase was   $3.4 billion  .  At   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of collateral received related to securities purchased under agreements to resell was   $5.2 billion   and the fair value of collateral pledged for securities sold under agreements to repurchase was   $4.9 billion  . 
   
  (8)     Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees    
  Commitments to Extend Credit   Standby and Commercial Letters of Credit 
  The following represents the Company s commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and commercial letters of credit:  

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to customers as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.  Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.  Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
  Standby and commercial letters of credit are commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing and similar transactions, and expire in decreasing amounts with terms ranging from   one   to   four   years.   
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit and commitments is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers.  The fair value of the letters of credit and commitments typically approximates the fee received from the customer for issuing such commitments.  These fees are deferred and are recognized over the commitment period.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the recorded amount of these deferred fees was   $6.9 million   and   $6.0 million  , respectively.  The Company holds various assets as collateral supporting those commitments for which collateral is deemed necessary.  At   September 30, 2016  , the maximum potential amount of future undiscounted payments the Company could be required to make under outstanding standby letters of credit was   $1.4 billion  .  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had reserves related to letters of credit and unfunded commitments recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet of   $101 million   and   $85 million  , respectively. 
  Loan Sale Recourse  
  The Company has potential recourse related to FNMA securitizations.  At both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the amount of potential recourse was   $19 million   of which the Company had reserved   $680 thousand   and   $869 thousand  , respectively, which is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for the respective periods.   
  The Company also issues standard representations and warranties related to mortgage loan sales to government-sponsored agencies. Although these agreements often do not specify limitations, the Company does not believe that any payments related to these representations and warranties would materially change the financial condition or results of operations of the Company.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   $1 million   and   $2 million  , respectively, of reserves in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to potential losses from loans sold. 
  Loss Sharing Agreement 
  In connection with the Guaranty Bank acquisition, the Bank entered into loss sharing agreements with the FDIC that covered approximately   $9.7 billion   of loans and OREO, excluding the impact of purchase accounting adjustments.  In accordance with the terms of the loss sharing agreements, the FDIC s obligation to reimburse the Bank for losses with respect to the acquired loans and acquired OREO begins with the first dollar of incurred losses, as defined in the loss sharing agreements.  The terms of the loss sharing agreements provide that the FDIC will reimburse the Bank for   80%   of incurred losses up to   $2.3 billion   and   95%   of incurred losses in excess of   $2.3 billion  .  Gains and recoveries on covered assets offset incurred losses, or are paid to the FDIC, at the applicable loss share percentage at the time of recovery.  The loss sharing agreements provide for FDIC loss sharing for   five   years for commercial loans and   10   years for single family residential loans.  The loss sharing agreement for commercial loans expired in the   fourth quarter of 2014.    
  The provisions of the loss sharing agreements may also require a payment by the Bank to the FDIC on   October 15, 2019  .  On that date, the Bank is required to pay the FDIC   60%   of the excess, if any, of (i)   $457 million   over (ii) the sum of (a)   25%   of the total net amounts paid to the Bank under both of the loss share agreements plus (b)   20%   of the deemed total cost to the Bank of administering the covered assets under the loss sharing agreements.  The deemed total cost to the Bank of administering the covered assets is the sum of   2%   of the average of the principal amount of covered assets based on the beginning and end of year balances for each of the   10   years during which the loss sharing agreements are in effect.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company estimated the potential amount of payment due to the FDIC in   2019  , at the end of the loss sharing agreements, to be   $147 million   and   $145 million  , respectively. The ultimate settlement amount of this payment due to the FDIC is dependent upon the performance of the underlying covered assets, the passage of time and actual claims submitted to the FDIC.  
  The Company has chosen to net the amounts due from the FDIC and due to the FDIC into the FDIC indemnification liability. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the FDIC indemnification liability was   $136 million   and   $131 million  , respectively, and was recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Legal and Regulatory Proceedings 
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to legal proceedings, including claims, litigation, investigations and administrative proceedings, all of which are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business.   
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

The Company believes it has substantial defenses to the claims asserted against it in its currently outstanding legal proceedings and, with respect to such legal proceedings, intends to continue to defend itself vigorously against such legal proceedings. 
  Set forth below are descriptions of certain of the Company s legal proceedings. 
  In   February 2011  , BBVA Securities, Inc. ( BSI ) was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California,   The California Public Employees  Retirement System v. BBVA Securities, Inc., et al.  , wherein the claims arise out of securities offerings in which Lehman Brothers was the issuer.  BSI was an underwriter.  The plaintiff alleges that Lehman Brothers made material misstatements in the offering materials, and that the underwriter defendants failed to conduct appropriate due diligence to discover the alleged misstatements.  The plaintiff seeks unspecified monetary relief.  The District Court granted the underwriter defendants' motion to dismiss and the plaintiff has appealed.  On   July 8, 2016  , the appellate court affirmed the dismissal of the claims against the underwriter defendants, and on   September 22, 2016  , the plaintiff filed a petition for writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme Court.  The Company believes there are substantial defenses to these claims and intends to defend them vigorously. 
  In   May 2013  , BBVA Compass was named as a counterclaim defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California,   BBVA Compass v. Morris Cerullo World Evangelism  , wherein the defendant/counterclaim plaintiff alleges that BBVA Compass wrongfully failed to honor a standby letter of credit in the amount of   $5.2 million  .  The defendant/counterclaim plaintiff seeks   $5.2 million  , plus other, unspecified monetary relief. BBVA Compass obtained a defense verdict following a bench trial and the defendant/counterclaim plaintiff has appealed.  The Company believes there are substantial defenses to these claims and intends to defend them vigorously. 
  In   June 2013  , BBVA Compass was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court of the Northern District of Alabama,   Intellectual Ventures II, LLC v. BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. and BBVA Compass  , wherein the plaintiff alleges that BBVA Compass is infringing   five   patents owned by the plaintiff and related to the security infrastructure for BBVA Compass  online banking services.  The plaintiff seeks unspecified monetary relief.  The Company believes there are substantial defenses to these claims and intends to defend them vigorously. 
    
  In   January 2016  , BSI was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas,   In re Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. Securities Litigation  , wherein the plaintiffs challenge statements made in registration materials and prospectuses filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with   eight   securities offerings of stock and notes issued by Plains GP Holdings and Plains All American Pipeline.  BSI was an underwriter.  The plaintiffs seek unspecified monetary relief.  The Company believes there are substantial defenses to these claims and intends to defend them vigorously. 
  The Company (including its subsidiaries) is or may become involved from time to time in information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by various governmental regulatory agencies, law enforcement authorities and self-regulatory bodies regarding the Company s business. Such matters may result in material adverse consequences, including without limitation adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, orders, injunctions, alterations in the Company s business practices or other actions, and could result in additional expenses and collateral costs, including reputational damage, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  The Company owns all of the outstanding stock of BSI, a registered broker-dealer.  Applicable law limits BSI from deriving more than 25 percent of its gross revenues from underwriting or dealing in bank-ineligible securities ( ineligible revenue ).  Prior to the contribution of BSI to the Company in   April 2013  , BSI s ineligible revenues in certain periods exceeded the 25 percent limit.  The Company is cooperating with the Federal Reserve Board as it considers potential enforcement action against BSI and the Company including the imposition of civil money penalties or other actions.  
  There are other litigation matters that arise in the normal course of business.  The Company assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings utilizing the latest information available.  Where it is probable that the Company will incur a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, the Company  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

records a liability in its consolidated financial statements.  These legal reserves may be increased or decreased to reflect any relevant developments.  Where a loss is not probable or the amount of loss is not estimable, the Company does not accrue legal reserves. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had accrued legal reserves in the amount of   $30 million  .  Additionally, for those matters where a loss is both estimable and reasonably possible, the Company estimates losses that it could incur beyond the accrued legal reserves. Under U.S. GAAP, an event is "reasonably possible" if "the chance of the future event or events occurring is more than remote but less than likely" and an event is "remote" if "the chance of the future event or events occurring is slight." At   September 30, 2016  , there were no such matters where a loss was both estimable and reasonably possible beyond the accrued legal reserve. 
  While the outcome of legal proceedings and the timing of the ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to predict, based on information currently available, advice of counsel and available insurance coverage, the Company believes that it has established adequate legal reserves.  Further, based upon available information, the Company is of the opinion that these legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.  However, in the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of those matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the Company s results of operations for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the size of the loss or liability imposed and the operating results for the applicable period. 
  Income Tax Review 
  The Company is subject to review and examination from various tax authorities. The Company is currently under examination by a number of states, and has received notices of proposed adjustments related to state income taxes due for prior years.  Management believes that adequate provisions for income taxes have been recorded.   
   
  (9)     Fair Value of Financial Instruments    
  The Company applies the fair value accounting guidance required under ASC Topic 820 which establishes a framework for measuring fair value.  This guidance defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  This guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.  A financial instrument s categorization within this fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the instrument s fair value measurement.  The three levels within the fair value hierarchy are described as follows.   
             
    Level 1   Fair value is based on quoted prices in an active market for identical assets or liabilities. 
                
    Level 2   Fair value is based on quoted market prices for similar instruments traded in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.   
                
    Level 3   Fair value is based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  Level 3 assets and liabilities would include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar pricing techniques based on the Company s own assumptions about what market participants would use to price the asset or liability.   
     A description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments under the fair value hierarchy, is set forth below.  These valuation methodologies were applied to the Company s financial assets and financial liabilities carried at fair value.  In general, fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that primarily use observable market based parameters as inputs. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments may include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality and the Company s creditworthiness, among other things, as well as other unobservable parameters. Any such valuation adjustments are applied consistently over time. While management believes the Company s valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. The Company s valuation methodologies may produce a fair value  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, the reported fair value amounts have not been comprehensively revalued since the presentation dates, and, therefore, estimates of fair value after the balance sheet date may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein.  
  Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  Trading account assets and liabilities, securities available for sale, certain mortgage loans held for sale, derivative assets and liabilities, and mortgage servicing rights are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.  The following is a description of the valuation methodologies for these assets and liabilities. 
  Trading account assets and liabilities and investment securities available for sale     Trading account assets and liabilities and investment securities available for sale consist of U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies securities, mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, debt obligations of state and political subdivisions, other debt and equity securities, and derivative contracts. 
             
    U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies securities are valued based on quoted market prices of identical assets on active exchanges (Level 1 measurements) or are valued based on a market approach using observable inputs such as benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, benchmark securities, and bids/offers of government-sponsored enterprise securities (Level 2 measurements). 
                
    Mortgage-backed securities are primarily valued using market-based pricing matrices that are based on observable inputs including benchmark To Be Announced security prices, U.S. Treasury yields, U.S. dollar swap yields, and benchmark floating-rate indices.  Mortgage-backed securities pricing may also give consideration to pool-specific data such as prepayment history and collateral characteristics.  Valuations for mortgage-backed securities are therefore classified as Level 2 measurements. 
                
    Collateralized mortgage obligations are valued using market-based pricing matrices that are based on observable inputs including reported trades, bids, offers, dealer quotes, U.S. Treasury yields, U.S. dollar swap yields, market convention prepayment speeds, tranche-specific characteristics, prepayment history, and collateral characteristics.  Fair value measurements for collateralized mortgage obligations are classified as Level 2. 
                
    Debt obligations of states and political subdivisions are primarily valued using market-based pricing matrices that are based on observable inputs including Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board reported trades, issuer spreads, material event notices, and benchmark yield curves.  These valuations are Level 2 measurements.   
                
    Other debt and equity securities consist of mutual funds, foreign and corporate debt, and U.S. government agencies equity securities.  Mutual funds are valued based on quoted market prices of identical assets trading on active exchanges.  These valuations are Level 1 measurements.  Foreign and corporate debt valuations are based on information and assumptions that are observable in the market place.  The valuations for these securities are therefore classified as Level 2.  U.S. government agency equity securities are valued based on quoted market prices of identical assets trading on active exchanges.  These valuations thus qualify as Level 1 measurements. 
                
    Other derivative assets and liabilities consist primarily of interest rate and commodity contracts.  The Company s interest rate contracts are valued utilizing Level 2 observable inputs (yield curves and volatilities) to determine a current market price for each interest rate contract.  Commodity contracts are priced using raw market data, primarily in the form of quotes for fixed and basis swaps with monthly, quarterly, seasonal or calendar-year terms.  Proprietary models provided by a third party are used to generate forward curves and volatility surfaces. As a result of the valuation process and observable inputs used, commodity contracts are classified as Level 2 measurements. To validate the reasonableness of these calculations, management compares the assumptions with market information.  
                
    Other trading assets primarily consist of interest-only strips which are valued by an independent third-party. The independent third-party values the assets on a loan-by-loan basis using a discounted cash flow analysis that employs prepayment assumptions, discount rate assumptions, and default curves. The prepayment assumptions are created from actual SBA pool prepayment history. The discount rates are derived from actual SBA loan secondary market transactions. The default curves are created using historical observable and  
     
   44 

     Table of Contents  

unobservable inputs.  As such, interest-only strips are classified as Level 3 measurements. The Company s SBA department is responsible for ensuring the appropriate application of the valuation, capitalization, and amortization policies of the Company s interest-only strips. The department performs independent, internal valuations of the interest-only strips on a quarterly basis, which are then reconciled to the third-party valuations to ensure their validity. 
  Loans held for sale     The Company has elected to apply the fair value option for single family real estate mortgage loans originated for resale in the secondary market.  The election allows for a more effective offset of the changes in fair values of the loans and the derivative instruments used to economically hedge them without the burden of complying with the requirements for hedge accounting. The Company has not elected the fair value option for other loans held for sale primarily because they are not economically hedged using derivative instruments.  
  The fair value of loans held for sale is based on what secondary markets are currently offering for portfolios with similar characteristics.  The changes in fair value of these assets are largely driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to loan funding and changes in the fair value of servicing associated with the mortgage loan held for sale.  Both the mortgage loans held for sale and the related forward contracts are classified as Level 2.   
  At both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   no   material loans held for sale for which the fair value option was elected were   90   days or more past due or were in nonaccrual.  Interest income on mortgage loans held for sale is recognized based on contractual rates and is reflected in interest and fees on loans in the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  Net gains (losses) of   $(478) thousand   and   $1.4 million   resulting from changes in fair value of these loans were recorded in noninterest income during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Net gains (losses) of   $2.1 million   and   $(651) thousand   resulting from changes in fair value of these loans were recorded in noninterest income during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  The Company also had fair value changes on forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale of approximately   $1.1 million   and   $(2.3) million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company also had fair value changes on forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale of approximately   $(2.0) million   and   $1.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. An immaterial portion of these amounts was attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk.  
  The following table summarizes the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate unpaid principal balance for residential mortgage loans measured at fair value. 

Derivative assets and liabilities     Derivative assets and liabilities are measured using models that primarily use market observable inputs, such as quoted security prices, and are accordingly classified as Level 2.  The derivative assets and liabilities classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy were comprised of interest rate lock commitments that are valued using third-party software that calculates fair market value considering current quoted TBA and other market based prices and then applies closing ratio assumptions based on software-produced pull through ratios that are generated using the Company s historical fallout activity.  Based upon this process, the fair value measurement obtained for these financial instruments is deemed a Level 3 classification. The Company's Secondary Marketing Committee is responsible for the appropriate application of the valuation policies and procedures surrounding the Company s interest rate lock commitments. Policies established to govern mortgage pipeline risk management activities must be approved by the Company s Asset/Liability Committee on an annual basis.  
  Other assets     Other assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy were comprised of MSRs that are valued through a discounted cash flow analysis using a third-party  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

commercial valuation system.  The valuation takes into consideration the objective characteristics of the MSR portfolio, such as loan amount, note rate, service fee, loan term, and common industry assumptions, such as servicing costs, ancillary income, prepayment estimates, earning rates, cost of fund rates, option-adjusted spreads, etc.  The Company s portfolio-specific factors are also considered in calculating the fair value of MSRs to the extent one can reasonably assume a buyer would also incorporate these factors.  Examples of such factors are geographical concentrations of the portfolio, liquidity consideration, or additional views of risk not inherently accounted for in prepayment assumptions.  Product liquidity and these other risks are generally incorporated through adjustment of discount factors applied to forecasted cash flows.  Based on this method of pricing MSRs, the fair value measurement obtained for these financial instruments is deemed a Level 3 classification.  The value of the MSR is calculated by a third-party firm that specializes in the MSR market and valuation services. Additionally, the Company obtains a valuation from an independent party to compare for reasonableness.  The Company s Secondary Marketing Committee is responsible for ensuring the appropriate application of valuation, capitalization, and fair value decay policies for the MSR portfolio.  The Committee meets at least monthly to review the MSR portfolio.  

46 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables summarize the financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  

(1) 
    Excludes   $427 million   of FHLB and Federal Reserve stock required to be owned by the Company at   September 30, 2016  .  These securities are carried at par.  
     
   47 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Excludes   $503 million   of FHLB and Federal Reserve stock required to be owned by the Company at   December 31, 2015  .  These securities are carried at par. 
     
   48 

     Table of Contents  

There were   no   transfers between Levels 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . It is the Company s policy to value any transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy based on end of period fair values. 
  The following table reconciles the assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). 

(1) 
    Included in noninterest income in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 

49 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Included in noninterest income in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
     
   50 

     Table of Contents  

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
  Periodically, certain assets may be recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis.  These adjustments to fair value usually result from the application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets due to impairment.  The following table represents those assets that were subject to fair value adjustments during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and still held as of the end of the period, and the related gains and losses from fair value adjustments on assets sold during the period as well as assets still held as of the end of the period.  

(1)   
    Total gains (losses) represent charge-offs on impaired loans for which adjustments are based on the appraised value of the collateral. 
     The following is a description of the methodologies applied for valuing these assets: 
  Investment securities held to maturity     Nonrecurring fair value adjustments on investment securities held to maturity reflect impairment write-downs which the Company believes are other than temporary.  For analyzing these securities, the Company has retained a third-party valuation firm. Impairment is determined through the use of cash flow models that estimate cash flows on the underlying mortgages using security-specific collateral and the transaction structure. The cash flow models incorporate the remaining cash flows which are adjusted for future expected credit losses. Future expected credit losses are determined by using various assumptions such as current default rates, prepayment rates, and loss severities. The Company develops these assumptions through the use of market data published by third-party sources in addition to historical analysis which includes actual delinquency and default information through the current period. The expected cash flows are then discounted at the interest rate used to recognize interest income on the security to arrive at a present value amount. As the fair value measurements are derived using a discounted cash flow modeling approach, the nonrecurring fair value measurements are classified as Level 3. 
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

Impaired Loans     Impaired loans measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis represent the carrying value of impaired loans for which adjustments are based on the appraised value of the collateral. Nonrecurring fair value adjustments to impaired loans reflect full or partial write-downs that are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan.  Loans subjected to nonrecurring fair value measurements based on the current estimated fair value of the collateral are classified as Level 3.   
  OREO     OREO is recorded on the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at the lower of recorded balance or fair value, which is based on appraisals and third-party price opinions, less estimated costs to sell.  The fair value is classified as Level 3.   
  The table below presents quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs for material assets and liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) on a recurring and nonrecurring basis. 

(1) 
    Represents discount to appraised value for estimated costs to sell. 
     The following provides a description of the sensitivity of the valuation technique to changes in unobservable inputs for recurring fair value measurements. 
  Recurring Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs 
  Other Trading Assets   Interest-Only Strips 
  Significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of the Company s interest-only strips include default rates and prepayment assumptions.  Significant increases in either of these inputs in isolation would result in significantly lower fair value measurements.  Generally, a change in the assumption used for the probability of default is accompanied by a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for prepayment rates. 
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  

Interest Rate Contracts - Interest Rate Lock Commitments 
  Significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of interest rate lock commitments are pull-through and cap grids.  Increases or decreases in the pull-through or cap grids will have a corresponding impact in the value of interest rate contracts. 
  Other Assets - MSRs 
  The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of MSRs are option-adjusted spreads, constant prepayment rate or life speed, and cost to service assumptions.  The impact of prepayments and changes in the option-adjusted spread are based on a variety of underlying inputs.  Increases or decreases to the underlying cash flow inputs will have a corresponding impact on the value of the MSR asset. The impact of the costs to service assumption will have a directionally opposite change in the fair value of the MSR asset. 
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  The carrying amounts and estimated fair values, as well as the level within the fair value hierarchy, of the Company s financial instruments, excluding financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis, are as follows:  

53 

     Table of Contents  

The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments not carried at fair value: 
  Cash and cash equivalents  :  Cash and cash equivalents have maturities of three months or less.  Accordingly, the carrying amount approximates fair value.  Because these amounts generally relate to either currency or highly liquid assets, these are considered a Level 1 measurement. 
  Investment securities held to maturity:   The fair values of securities held to maturity are estimated using a discounted cash flow approach. The discounted cash flow model uses inputs such as estimated prepayment speed, loss rates, and default rates. They are considered a Level 3 measurement as the valuation employs significant unobservable inputs. 
  Loans  : Loans are presented net of the allowance for loan losses and are valued using discounted cash flows. The discount rates used to determine the present value of these loans are based on current market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and term.  They are considered a Level 3 measurement as the valuation employs significant unobservable inputs. 
  Deposits  : The fair values of demand deposits are equal to the carrying amounts.  Demand deposits include noninterest bearing demand deposits, savings accounts, NOW accounts and money market demand accounts. Discounted cash flows have been used to value fixed rate term deposits.  The discount rate used is based on interest rates currently being offered by the Company on comparable deposits as to amount and term. They are considered a Level 2 measurement as the valuation primarily employs observable inputs for similar instruments. 
  FHLB and other borrowings  : The fair value of the Company s fixed rate borrowings, which includes the Company s Capital Securities, are estimated using discounted cash flows, based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. The carrying amount of the Company s variable rate borrowings approximates fair value.  As such, these borrowings are considered a Level 2 measurement as the valuation primarily employs observable inputs for similar instruments.   
  Federal fund purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and short-term borrowings  : The carrying amounts of federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other short-term borrowings approximates fair value.  They are therefore considered a Level 2 measurement. 
  
   54 

Table of Contents  

(10)     Comprehensive Income    
  Comprehensive income is defined as the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances arising from nonowner sources.  The following summarizes the change in the components of other comprehensive income.   

55 

     Table of Contents  

Activity in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax was as follows:  

56 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents information on reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

(1)   
    Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to the consolidated statement of income. 
              (2)   
    These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 19, Benefit Plans, in the Notes to the December 31, 2015, Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details). 

(11)     Supplemental Disclosure for Statement of Cash Flows    
  The following table presents the Company s supplemental disclosures for statement of cash flows. 

57 

Table of Contents  

(  12  )   Segment Information    
  The Company s operating segments are based on the Company s organizational structure.  Each segment reflects the manner in which financial information is evaluated by management. The operating segment results include certain overhead allocations and intercompany transactions.  All intercompany transactions have been eliminated to determine the consolidated balances.  The Company operates primarily in the United States, and, accordingly, revenue and assets outside the United States are not material. There are   no   individual customers whose revenues exceeded   10%   of consolidated revenue.  
  The following tables present the segment information for the Company s segments. 

58 

     Table of Contents  

The financial information presented was derived from the internal profitability reporting system used by management to monitor and manage the financial performance of the Company.  This information is based on internal management accounting policies that have been developed to reflect the underlying economics of the businesses.  These policies address the methodologies applied and include policies related to funds transfer pricing, cost allocations and capital allocations.  
  Funds transfer pricing was used in the determination of net interest income earned primarily on loans and deposits.  The method employed for funds transfer pricing is a matched funding concept whereby operating segments which are fund providers are credited and those that are fund users are charged based on maturity, prepayment and/or repricing characteristics applied on an instrument level.  Costs for centrally managed operations are generally allocated to the operating segment based on the utilization of services provided or other appropriate indicators.  Capital is allocated to the operating segments based upon the underlying risks in each business taking into account economic and regulatory capital standards. 
  
   59 

     Table of Contents  

The development and application of these methodologies is a dynamic process.  Accordingly, prior period financials have been revised to reflect management accounting enhancements and changes in the Company's organizational structure. The 2015 segment information has been revised to conform to the 2016 presentation. In addition, unlike financial accounting, there is no authoritative literature for management accounting similar to U.S. GAAP.  Consequently, reported results are not necessarily comparable to those presented by other financial institutions. 
   
  (13)     Related Party Transactions    
  The Company enters into various transactions with BBVA that affect the Company s business and operations.  The following discloses the significant transactions between the Company and BBVA during   2016   and   2015  .   
  The Company believes all of the transactions entered into between the Company and BBVA were transacted on terms that were no more or less beneficial to the Company than similar transactions entered into with unrelated market participants, including interest rates and transaction costs.  The Company foresees executing similar transactions with BBVA in the future.   
  Derivatives 
  The Company has entered into various derivative contracts as noted below with BBVA as the upstream counterparty.  The total notional amount of outstanding derivative contracts between the Company and BBVA are   $5.4 billion   and   $5.3 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The net fair value of outstanding derivative contracts between the Company and BBVA are detailed below.     

  Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell/ Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 
  The Company enters into agreements with BBVA as the counterparty under which it purchases/sells securities subject to an obligation to resell/repurchase the same or similar securities.  The following represents the amount of securities purchased under agreement to resell and securities sold under agreement to repurchase where BBVA is the counterparty.  

60 

     Table of Contents  

Borrowings 
  BSI, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has a   $420 million   revolving note and cash subordination agreement with BBVA that was executed on March 16, 2012 with a maturity date of March 16, 2018.  BSI also has a   $150 million   line of credit with BBVA that was initiated on August 1, 2014.  At   September 30, 2016   there was   $50 million   outstanding on the line of credit agreement and   no   amount outstanding under the revolving note and cash subordination agreement. At   December 31, 2015  , there was   $150 million   outstanding on the line of credit agreement and   no   amount outstanding under the revolving note and cash subordination agreement. Interest expense related to these agreements was   $1.1 million   and   $587 thousand   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and are included in interest on other short-term borrowings within the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Interest expense related to these agreements was   $2.7 million   and   $1.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and are included in interest on other short-term borrowings within the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  
  Service and Referral Agreements 
  The Company and its affiliates entered into or were subject to various service and referral agreements with BBVA and its affiliates. Each of the agreements was done in the ordinary course of business and on market terms. Income associated with these agreements was   $6.5 million   and   $2.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and is recorded as a component of noninterest income within the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenses associated with these agreements was   $6.6 million   and   $5.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and is recorded as a component of noninterest expense within the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Income associated with these agreements was   $9.3 million   for both the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   and is recorded as a component of noninterest income within the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenses associated with these agreements were   $19.2 million   and   $17.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and is recorded as a component of noninterest expense within the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Series A Preferred Stock 
  BBVA is the sole holder of the Series A Preferred Stock that the Company issued in December 2015.  At   September 30, 2016  , the carrying amount of the Series A Preferred Stock was approximately   $229 million  .  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company paid   $3.5 million   of preferred stock dividends to BBVA. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company paid   $10.1 million   of preferred stock dividends to BBVA. 
  Loan Sales to Related Parties 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company sold approximately   $444 million   of commercial loans to BBVA and recognized a gain on sale of   $1.5 million   that was recorded as a component of other noninterest income within the Company's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  
   61 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
     Prior period financial information has been retrospectively adjusted to include the historical activity of the money transfer service subsidiaries acquired from BBVA Bancomer USA, Inc. in June 2016.  See Note   2  ,   Acquisition Activity  ,     in the   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   for additional disclosures. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies    
  The accounting principles followed by the Company and the methods of applying these principles conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and with general practices within the banking industry. The Company s critical accounting policies relate to (1) the allowance for loan losses, (2) fair value of financial instruments, (3) income taxes and (4) goodwill impairment.  These critical accounting policies require the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments which are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements. Accordingly, as this information changes, future financial statements could reflect the use of different estimates, assumptions and judgments.  Certain determinations inherently have a greater reliance on the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. The Company s significant accounting policies and changes in accounting principles and effects of new accounting pronouncements are discussed in detail in Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Additional disclosures regarding the effects of new accounting pronouncements are included in Note   1  ,   Basis of Presentation  , included herein. 
   
  Executive Overview  
  Financial Performance 
  Consolidated net income attributable to the Company for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $119.8 million   compared to   $129.1 million   earned during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The decrease in net income attributable to the Company was primarily driven by an increase in provision expense offset in part by higher levels of net interest income and a lower income tax expense. 
  Net interest income totaled   $514.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $507.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The net interest margin for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   2.73%  , compared to   2.70%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in net interest income was primarily the result of an increase in total average interest earning assets, driven by higher levels of average loans as well as a slight decrease in total average interest bearing liabilities due to a decrease in the average balances of FHLB and other borrowings and other short-term borrowings for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income was also positively impacted by the December 2015 interest rate increase. 
  The provision for loan losses was   $65.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $29.2 million   of provision for loan losses for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The increase was primarily attributable to a decline in credit quality indicators stemming from downgrades in the commercial portfolio and an increase in charge-offs related to energy loans as well as consumer direct and indirect loans during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  Net charge-offs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   totaled   $46.1 million   which represented a   $17.6 million   increase compared to   $28.5 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The increase in net charge-offs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the corresponding period in   2015   was primarily driven by an   $8.5 million   increase in net charge-offs related to energy loans as well as a   $12.9 million   increase in consumer direct and consumer indirect net charge-offs.  
  Noninterest income was   $263.8 million  , an increase of   $3.0 million   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The increase in noninterest income was largely attributable to a   $16.5 million   increase in investment banking and advisory fees, a   $4.1 million   increase in retail investment sales and a   $7.7 million   increase in mortgage banking.  This was offset in part by a   $22.7 million   decrease in other noninterest income, primarily as a result of a $21.1 million gain on the sale of mortgage loans not initially originated for sale in the secondary market recognized during the   three months ended September 30, 2015   and a   $6.7 million   decrease in investment securities gains.  
  
   62 

     Table of Contents  

Noninterest expense was   $556.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , relatively flat when compared to   $557.4   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  Income tax expense was   $36.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $52.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  This resulted in an effective tax rate of   23.4%   for   2016   and   28.8%   for   2015  . The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by a decrease in net income before income taxes relative to permanent income tax differences in 2016. 
  The Company's total assets at   September 30, 2016   were   $89.4 billion  , a decrease of   $712 million   from   December 31, 2015   levels. Total loans, excluding loans held for sale, were   $60.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $1.1 billion   or   1.8%   from year-end   December 31, 2015   levels.  The decrease in loans was primarily driven by slight decreases in both commercial and consumer loans.  Deposits increased   $1.6 billion   or   2.4%   compared to   December 31, 2015  , driven by a   2.7%   increase in transaction accounts and a   1.5%   increase in time deposits, which was fueled by an increase in noninterest bearing deposits.  
  Total shareholder's equity at   September 30, 2016   was   $12.8 billion  , an increase of   $194 million   compared to   December 31, 2015  .  
  Capital 
  Under the Basel III transitional provisions, the Company's Tier1 and CET1 ratios were   11.64%   and   11.28%  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016   compared to   11.08%   and   10.70%  , respectively, at   December 31, 2015  .  
  Liquidity 
  The Company s sources of liquidity include customers  interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposit accounts, loan principal and interest payments, investment securities, short-term investments and borrowings. As a bank holding company, the Parent s primary source of liquidity is dividends from the Bank.  Due to the net earnings restrictions on dividend distributions under Alabama law, the Bank was not permitted to pay any dividends at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   without regulatory approval. 
  Through the first nine months of   2016  , the Parent paid common dividends of   $60 million   to its sole shareholder, BBVA.  Any future dividends paid from the Parent must be set forth as capital actions in the Company's capital plan and not objected to by the Federal Reserve Board. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was fully compliant with the liquidity coverage ratio rule.  Management believes that the current sources of liquidity are adequate to meet the Company s requirements and plans for continued growth. 
  Digital Transformation 
  As technology advances continue to change the landscape of the financial services industry, customer behaviors are rapidly adapting and adjusting to take advantage of digital and mobile advances. The Company is focused on enhancing its digital capabilities to ensure its products, services and distribution network align with the evolving preferences of its customers. During the first nine months of 2016, the Company has experienced an increase in number of customers utilizing its digital and mobile capabilities. In addition, the Company has also seen an increase in products sold through its digital channels as a percentage of products sold through all channels.  
  Noteworthy items related to the Company s digital transformation announced during the first nine months of 2016 included the following: 
             
    In January 2016, the Company announced an alliance with industry disrupter FutureAdvisor, a subsidiary of BlackRock, the world s largest asset manager. The alliance makes sophisticated tools and guidance available to the Company s digital savvy clients who are not currently taking advantage of its investment services. 
                
    In April 2016, Univision Enterprises, the products and services division of Univision Communications Inc., in partnership with Bancomer Transfer Services, Inc. announced the launch of Univision Remesas, an international digital money transfer service for Hispanics. 
     
   63 

     Table of Contents  

In May 2016, the Company announced that it had expanded its suite of mobile payment solutions for its cardholders with the integration of Android Pay and Samsung Pay. The release underscores the Company s drive to provide more and varied ways for customers to bank digitally. They join Apple Pay and the proprietary BBVA Wallet in the Company s suite of mobile wallet and payment solutions. 
                
    In the second quarter of 2016, BBVA Compass began onboading new customers from Simple onto the Bank s platform. Previously new accounts from Simple were held at another financial institution.  In the next few quarters, customer accounts and deposits opened prior to this quarter will be migrated from the other financial institution to BBVA Compass.  
      
  Analysis of Results of Operations 
  Consolidated net income attributable to the Company totaled   $119.8 million   and   $129.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company s results of operations for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   reflected lower net income before income tax expense primarily as a result of higher provision for loan losses offset in part by higher net interest income and noninterest income. 
  Consolidated net income attributable to the Company totaled   $280.6 million   and   $414.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company s results of operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   reflected lower net income before income tax expense primarily as a result of higher provision for loan losses and noninterest expense and lower noninterest income offset in part by higher net interest income. 
   
  Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 
  Net interest income is the principal component of the Company s income stream and represents the difference, or spread, between interest and fee income generated from earning assets and the interest expense paid on deposits and borrowed funds.  Fluctuations in interest rates as well as changes in the volume and mix of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities can impact net interest income.  The following discussion of net interest income is presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, unless otherwise noted, to facilitate performance comparisons among various taxable and tax-exempt assets. 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Net interest income totaled   $514.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $507.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .   
  Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled   $534.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared with   $527.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis increased   $7.7 million   in   2016   compared to   2015  . The increase in net interest income was primarily the result of an increase in total average interest earning assets driven by higher levels of average loans as well as a slight decrease in total average interest bearing liabilities due to a decrease in the average balances of FHLB and other borrowings and other short-term borrowings for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  .  
  Net interest margin was   2.73%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   2.70%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  The fully taxable equivalent yield for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   for the loan portfolio was   3.74%   compared to   3.64%   for the same period in   2015  .  The   10   basis point increase was primarily driven by originations of higher yielding loans as well as the impact of the rate increase in December 2015. 
  The fully taxable equivalent yield on the investment securities portfolio was   1.83%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   1.92%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The   9   basis point decrease was primarily driven by the sale of higher yielding investment securities and from prepayments, maturities and calls of investment securities that have been reinvested into investment securities with lower market rates. 
  The yield on trading account securities increased to   1.41%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   1.37%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  
   64 

     Table of Contents  

The average rate paid on interest bearing deposits was   0.64%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   0.61%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  The average rate paid on FHLB and other borrowings for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   2.06%   compared to   1.28%   for the corresponding period in   2015  .  The   78   basis point increase was primarily driven by changes in the value of interest rate contracts hedging the value of FHLB and other borrowings. 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Net interest income totaled   $1.5 billion   for both the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .   
  Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled   $1.6 billion   for both the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  Net interest margin was   2.71%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   2.77%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   6   basis point decline in net interest margin primarily reflects the impact of lower yields in the AFS investment securities portfolio.  
  The fully taxable equivalent yield for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   for the loan portfolio was   3.73%   compared to   3.71 %   for the same period in   2015  .  
  The fully taxable equivalent yield on the investment securities portfolio was   1.71%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   2.04%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The   33   basis point decrease was primarily driven by the sale of higher yielding investment securities and from prepayments, maturities and calls of investment securities that have been reinvested into investment securities with lower market rates. 
  The yield on trading account securities increased to   1.43%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   1.34%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   due to an increase in the average balance of U.S. Treasury securities held by BSI. 
  The average rate paid on interest bearing deposits was   0.65%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   0.61%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  The average rate paid on FHLB and other borrowings for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   1.73%   compared to   1.57%   for the corresponding period in   2015  .  The   16   basis point increase was primarily driven by changes in the value of interest rate contracts hedging the value of FHLB and other borrowings as well as the impact of the $700 million issuance of subordinated notes in April 2015 under the Global Bank Note program. 
  
   65 

Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the major components of net interest income and the related annualized yields and rates, as well as the variances between the periods caused by changes in interest rates versus changes in volumes. Changes attributable to the mix of assets and liabilities have been allocated proportionally between the changes due to yield/rate and the changes due to volume. 

(1)   
    Loans include loans held for sale and nonaccrual loans. 
              (2)   
    Interest income includes loan fees for rate calculation purposes. 
              (3)   
    Yields are stated on a fully taxable equivalent basis assuming the tax rate in effect for each period presented. 
              (4)   
    Includes federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell, interest bearing deposits, and other earning assets. 
              (5) 
    Yield/rate reflects impact of balance sheet offsetting. See Note   7  ,   Securities Financing Activities  . 
     
   66 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Loans include loans held for sale and nonaccrual loans. 
              (2) 
    Interest income includes loan fees for rate calculation purposes. 
              (3) 
    Yields are stated on a fully taxable equivalent basis assuming the tax rate in effect for each period presented. 
              (4) 
    Includes federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell, interest bearing deposits, and other earning assets. 
              (5) 
    Yield/rate reflects impact of balance sheet offsetting. See Note   7  ,   Securities Financing Activities  . 

67 

Table of Contents  

Provision for Loan Losses 
  The provision for loan losses is the charge to earnings that management determines to be necessary to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a sufficient level reflecting management's estimate of probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio.  
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded   $65.1 million   of provision for loan losses compared to   $29.2 million   of provision for loan losses for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The increase in provision for loan losses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   was primarily to a decline in credit quality indicators stemming from downgrades in the commercial portfolio and an increase in charge-offs related to energy loans as well as consumer direct and indirect loans during 2016.  The Company recorded net charge-offs of   $46.1 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $28.5 million   during the corresponding period in   2015  .  Included in net-charge-offs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $8.5 million   of net charge-offs related to energy loans compared to   $2.7 million   of charge-offs related to energy loans for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Net charge-offs were   0.30%   (or   0.26%   excluding net charge-offs on energy loans) of average loans for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   0.19%   (or   0.18%   excluding net charge-offs on energy loans) of average loans for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .   
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded   $265.0 million   of provision for loan losses compared to   $117.3 million   of provision for loan losses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The increase in provision for loan losses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   was primarily attributable to a decline in credit quality indicators primarily driven by downgrades in the energy portfolio during 2016.  The Company recorded net charge-offs of   $165.6 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $80.3 million   during the corresponding period in   2015  .  Included in net-charge-offs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $49.4 million   of net charge-offs related to energy loans compared to   $2.7 million   of net charge-offs related to energy loans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Net charge-offs were   0.36%   (or   0.27%   excluding net charge-offs on energy loans) of average loans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   0.18%   (or   0.19%   excluding net charge-offs on energy loans) of average loans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .   
  For further discussion and analysis of the allowance for loan losses, refer to the discussion of lending activities found later in this section.  Also, refer to Note   4  ,   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  , in the   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   for additional disclosures. 
  
   68 

Table of Contents  

Noninterest Income 
  The following table presents the components of noninterest income. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Noninterest income was   $263.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $260.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The increase in noninterest income was primarily driven by increases in investment banking and advisory fees, retail investment sales and mortgage banking partially offset by a decrease in other noninterest income. 
  Income from investment banking and advisory fees increased to   $34.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $17.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   due primarily to an increase in structuring and advisory fees and higher bond originations during the third quarter 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 
  Mortgage banking for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $8.2 million   an increase of   $7.7 million   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  Mortgage banking for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   included   $7.2 million   of origination fees and gains on sales of mortgage loans and gains of   $986 thousand   related to fair value adjustments on mortgage loans held for sale, mortgage related derivatives and MSRs.  Mortgage banking for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   included   $8.3 million   of origination fees and gains on sales of mortgage loans as well as losses of   $7.0 million   related to fair value adjustments on mortgage loans held for sale, mortgage related derivatives and MSRs.  The increase in mortgage banking for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the corresponding period in   2015   was primarily driven by a decline in rates during the third quarter of 2015 which negatively impacted the valuations of mortgage loans held for sale, mortgage related derivatives, and MSRs. 
  Investment securities gains, net decreased by   $6.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as there were no sales of AFS securities during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  See " Investment Securities" for more information related to the investment securities sales.  
  Other income is comprised of income recognized that does not typically fit into one of the other noninterest income categories and includes various fees associated with letters of credit, syndications, ATMs and foreign exchange. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , other income decreased by   $22.7 million   primarily as a result of a $21.1 million gain on the sale of mortgage loans not initially originated for sale in the secondary market recognized during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  
   69 

     Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Noninterest income was   $795.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $817.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The decrease in noninterest income was driven by decreases in mortgage banking and investment securities gains partially offset by increases in card and merchant processing fees and money transfer income. 
  Card and merchant processing fees represent income related to customers' utilization of their debit and credit cards, as well as interchange income and merchants' discounts. Card and merchant processing fees increased to   $92.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $83.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   driven by a $3.4 million increase related to Simple and a $4.0 million increase in debit card interchange and merchant services. 
  Money transfer income increased to   $76.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $68.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   due to higher transaction volume.  
  Mortgage banking for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   decreased   $15.9 million   from   $21.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  Mortgage banking for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   included   $17.2 million   of origination fees and gains on sales of mortgage loans partially offset by losses of   $11.9 million   related to fair value adjustments on mortgage loans held for sale, mortgage related derivatives and MSRs.  Mortgage banking income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   included   $28.0 million   of origination fees and gains on sales of mortgage loans as well as losses of   $5.5 million   related to fair value adjustments on mortgage loans held for sale, mortgage related derivatives and MSRs.  The decrease in mortgage banking for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the corresponding period in   2015   was primarily driven by movements in interest rates during the year which negatively impacted the valuations of mortgage loans held for sale, mortgage related derivatives, and MSRs.  In addition, mortgage production volume decreased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the corresponding period in   2015  . 
  Investment securities gains, net were   $30.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $67.0 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . See " Investment Securities" for more information related to the investment securities sales.  
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company prepaid approximately $595 million of FHLB advances resulting in a   $6.1 million   loss on the prepayment of FHLB advances and other borrowings.  
   
  Noninterest Expense 
  The following table presents the components of noninterest expense.  

70 

     Table of Contents  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Noninterest expense was   $556.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $557.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  Professional services represents fees incurred for the various support functions, which includes legal, consulting, outsourcing and other professional related fees. Professional services increased   $8.2 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   to   $63.6 million   compared to   $55.5 million   for the corresponding period in   2015   due to increases in other professional services, contractor services, and credit card processing.  
  Amortization of intangibles decreased   $5.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   due to the lower level of intangible assets at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Other noninterest expense includes FDIC insurance, marketing, communications, postage, supplies, subscriptions, FDIC indemnification expense, provision for unfunded commitments and gains and losses on the sales and write-downs of OREO.  Other noninterest expense decreased   $15.2 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   to   $91.4 million   compared to   $106.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The decrease was primarily attributable to an   $8.5 million   decrease in FDIC indemnification expense due to the continued runoff of the covered loan portfolio, as well as a   $4.3 million   decrease in the provision for unfunded commitments.   
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Noninterest expense was   $1.7 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $1.6 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The slight increase in noninterest expense was due to increases in professional services and money transfer expense offset, in part, by a decrease in amortization of intangibles. 
  Professional services increased   $24.3 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the corresponding period in   2015   due to increases in expenses related to other professional services, outsourcing, contractor services and credit card processing. 
  Money transfer expense increased to   $50.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $44.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   due to higher transaction volume.  
  Amortization of intangibles decreased by   $17.8 million   to   $12.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   due to the lower level of intangible assets at   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  Income Tax Expense 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  The Company s income tax expense totaled   $36.8 million   and   $52.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The effective tax rate was   23.4%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   28.8%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .     The decrease in the effective tax rate for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily driven by a decrease in net income before income taxes relative to permanent income tax differences in 2016. 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  The Company s income tax expense totaled   $94.5 million   and   $156.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The effective tax rate was   25.1%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   27.4%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .     The decrease in the effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily driven by a decrease in net income before income taxes relative to permanent income tax differences in 2016. 
   
  Analysis of Financial Condition 
  A review of the Company s major balance sheet categories is presented below. 
  
   71 

Table of Contents  

Trading Account Assets 
  Trading account assets totaled   $4.1 billion   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  The   $87 million   decrease in trading account assets was primarily attributable to a   $293 million   decrease in U.S. Treasury securities held by BSI offset by   $214 million   increase in interest contracts for customers. 
   
  Investment Securities 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the securities portfolio included   $11.5 billion   in available for sale securities and   $1.2 billion   in held to maturity securities for a total investment portfolio of   $12.8 billion  , an increase of   $385 million   compared with   December 31, 2015  .  
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company received proceeds of   $1.8 billion   related to the sale of U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies securities classified as available for sale which resulted in net gains of   $30.0 million  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company received proceeds of   $2.9 billion   from the sale of U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies, mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and states and political subdivisions classified as available for sale which resulted in net gains of   $67.0 million  .  
   
  Lending Activities 
  Average loans and loans held for sale represented   78.6%   of average interest-earning assets at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   78.9%   at   December 31, 2015  .  The Company groups its loans into portfolio segments based on internal classifications reflecting the manner in which the allowance for loan losses is established and how credit risk is measured, monitored and reported.  Commercial loans are comprised of commercial, financial and agricultural, real estate-construction, and commercial real estate mortgage loans.  Consumer loans are comprised of residential real-estate mortgage, equity lines of credit, equity loans, credit cards, consumer direct and consumer indirect loans.  The Company also has a portfolio of covered loans that were acquired in the FDIC-assisted acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of Guaranty Bank.   
  The following table presents the composition of the loan portfolio.  

Loans and loans held for sale, net of unearned income, totaled   $60.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $1.1 billion   from   December 31, 2015  .  The decrease in total loans was primarily driven by a decrease in commercial  
  
   72 

     Table of Contents  

loans, which included the sale of $444 million of commercial loans during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  Additionally, residential real estate-mortgage loans decreased which included the sale of   $316 million   of residential real estate-mortgage loans during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  See Note   4  ,   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  , and Note   5  ,   Loan Sales and Servicing  , in the   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   for additional discussion. 
   
  Asset Quality 
  Nonperforming assets, which includes nonaccrual loans, nonaccrual loans held for sale, accruing loans 90 days past due, accruing TDRs 90 days past due, other real estate owned and other repossessed assets, totaled   $1.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016   an increase of   $675 million   compared to   $506 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in nonperforming assets was primarily due to a   $679 million   increase in nonaccrual loans primarily related to downgrades of certain loans in the energy portfolio.  At   September 30, 2016  , energy nonaccrual loans were   $588 million   compared to   $92 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  Excluding energy nonperforming loans, nonperforming assets totaled   $593 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $414 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  As a percentage of total loans and loans held for sale, other real estate owned and other repossessed assets, nonperforming assets were   1.96%   (or   1.04%   excluding energy nonperforming loans) at   September 30, 2016   compared with   0.82%   (or   0.72%   excluding energy nonperforming loans) at   December 31, 2015  .  
  The Company defines potential problem loans as commercial loans rated substandard or doubtful that do not meet the definition of nonaccrual, TDR or 90 days past due and still accruing. See Note   4  ,   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  , in the   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   for further information on the Company s credit grade categories, which are derived from standard regulatory rating definitions. The following table provides a summary of potential problem loans. 
  Potential problem loans increased   $28 million   from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  .  The increase was primarily attributable to downgrades of loans in the energy portfolio.  See " Concentrations" for additional discussion.  

73 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes asset quality information and includes loans held for sale and purchased impaired loans. 

(1)   
    TDR totals include accruing loans 90 days past due classified as TDR. 
     
   74 

     Table of Contents  

Nonperforming assets, which include loans held for sale and purchased impaired loans, are detailed in the following table. 

(1) 
    Excludes loans classified as TDR. 

(1) 
    Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale (including nonaccrual loans classified as TDR), accruing loans 90 days past due and accruing TDRs 90 days past due. 
              (2) 
    Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans, other real estate owned and other repossessed assets. 
              (3) 
    Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans (including nonaccrual loans classified as TDR), accruing loans 90 days past due and accruing TDRs 90 days past due  . 
     The following table provides a rollforward of OREO.  

75 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides a rollforward of nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale, excluding covered loans. 

When borrowers are experiencing financial difficulties, the Company, in order to assist the borrowers in repaying the principal and interest owed to the Company, may make certain modifications to the loan agreement. To facilitate this process, a concessionary modification that would not otherwise be considered may be granted resulting in a classification of the loan as a TDR.  Within each of the Company s loan classes, TDRs typically involve modification of the loan interest rate to a below market rate or an extension or deferment of the loan.  The financial effects of TDRs are reflected in the components that comprise the allowance for loan losses in either the amount of charge-offs or loan loss provision and period-end allowance levels.  All TDRs are considered to be impaired loans.  Refer to Note   4  ,   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  , in the   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   for additional information. 
  The following table provides a rollforward of TDR activity, excluding covered loans and loans held for sale. 

The Company s aggregate recorded investment in impaired loans modified through TDRs excluding covered loans decreased to   $221 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $228 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  Included in these amounts are   $118 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $151 million   at   December 31, 2015   of accruing TDRs, excluding covered loans.  Accruing TDRs are not considered nonperforming because they are performing in accordance with the restructured terms. 
  The Company's allowance for loan losses is largely driven by risk ratings assigned to commercial loans, updated borrower credit scores on consumer loans and borrower delinquency history in both commercial and consumer portfolios.  As such, the provision for loan losses is impacted primarily by changes in borrower payment performance rather than TDR classification.  In addition, all commercial and consumer loans modified in a TDR are considered to be impaired, even if they maintain their accrual status. 
  
   76 

Table of Contents  

Allowance for Loan Losses 
  Management s policy is to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level sufficient to absorb estimated probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio.  See Note   4  ,   Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  , in the   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   for additional disclosures regarding the allowance for loan losses.  The total allowance for loan losses increased to   $862 million   at   September 30, 2016  , from   $763 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to total loans was   1.43%   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   1.24%   at   December 31, 2015  .  Nonperforming loans were   $1.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $477 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  The allowance attributable to individually impaired loans was   $180 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $71 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  Loans individually evaluated for impairment may have no allowance recorded if the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell or the present value of the loan's expected future cash flows exceeds the recorded investment of the loan. 
  Net charge-offs were   0.30%   of average loans for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   0.19%   of average loans for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The increase in net charge-offs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the corresponding period in   2015   was primarily driven by a   $6.7 million   increase in consumer direct net-charge-offs and a   $6.2 million   increase in consumer indirect net charge-offs.  Additionally, the increase was driven by charge-offs on energy loans.  Commercial, financial and agricultural net charge-offs include   $8.5 million   of net charge-offs related to energy loans for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $2.7 million   of net charge-offs related to energy loans for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .   
  Net charge-offs were   0.36%   of average loans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   0.18%   of average loans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The increase in net charge-offs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the corresponding period in   2015   was primarily driven by charge-offs on energy loans.  Commercial, financial and agricultural net charge-offs include   $49.4 million   of net charge-offs related to energy loans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $2.7 million   net charge-offs related to energy loans for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  Additionally, the increase was driven by a   $15.5 million   increase in consumer direct net-charge-offs and a   $19.9 million   increase in consumer indirect net charge-offs.  
  
   77 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth information with respect to the Company s loans, excluding loans held for sale, and the allowance for loan losses. 

Concentrations 
  The following tables provide further details regarding the Company s commercial, financial and agricultural, commercial real estate, residential real estate and consumer portfolio segments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   
  Commercial, Financial and Agricultural  
  In accordance with the Company's lending policy, each commercial loan undergoes a detailed underwriting process, which incorporates the Company's risk tolerance, credit policy and procedures.  In addition, the Company has a graduated approval process which accounts for the quality, loan type and total exposure of the borrower.  The Company has also adopted an internal exposure-based limit which is based on a variety of risk factors, including but not limited to the borrower industry. 
  The commercial, financial and agricultural portfolio segment totaled   $24.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $26.0 billion   at   December 31, 2015  .  This segment consists primarily of large national and international companies and small to mid-sized companies.  This portfolio segment also contains owner occupied commercial real estate loans.   
  
   78 

     Table of Contents  

Loans in this portfolio are generally underwritten individually and are secured with the assets of the company, and/or the personal guarantees of the business owners.  The Company minimizes the risk associated with this portfolio segment by various means, including maintaining prudent advance rates, financial covenants, and obtaining personal guarantees from the principals of the borrower. 
  The following table provides details related to the commercial, financial, and agricultural portfolio segment. 

79 

     Table of Contents  

The Company has been closely monitoring the impact of lower oil prices on its energy sector lending portfolio.  Total energy exposure, including unused commitments to extend credit and letters of credit was   $8.2 billion   and   $9.4 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  As shown in Table 14, the Company's energy sector loan balances at   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $3.3 billion   and represented   5.5%   of the Company's total loans and loans held for sale compared to   $3.8 billion   and   6.3%   of the Company's total loans and loans held for sale as of   December 31, 2015  . This amount is comprised of loans directly related to energy, such as exploration and production, pipeline transportation of natural gas, crude oil and other refined petroleum products, oil field services, and refining and support as detailed in the following table.  

The decline in oil prices has negatively impacted the financial results for many borrowers in the portfolio, leading to internal rating downgrades.  The internal rating downgrades reflect the weakened financial performance or financial position of certain borrowers in this portfolio. The overall level of loans rated special mention or lower, including loans classified as nonaccrual, in the energy portfolio at   September 30, 2016   was   33.8%  , comprised of   7.9%   rated special mention and   25.9%   rated substandard or lower.  At   December 31, 2015   the overall level of loans rated special mention or lower in the energy portfolio was   16.3%  , comprised of 4.3% rated special mention and   12.0%   rated substandard or lower.  
  The Company employs a variety of risk management strategies, including the use of concentration limits, underwriting standards and continuous monitoring.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has observed negative trending of the internal risk ratings in the energy lending portfolio and an increase in nonaccrual loans from 2015, as indicated in Table 14.  Additionally, the Company has continued and may continue to observe negative trending subsequent to   September 30, 2016  . Currently, the credit quality issues have mostly been isolated to the exploration and production subsector which is the subsector that is most acutely impacted by pricing conditions.  At   September 30, 2016  , approximately   85%   of loans rated special mention or lower were in the exploration and production subsector.  Within this subsector, many loans are secured and utilize borrowing base features linked to the physical commodity     reserves and supported by engineering data. The borrowing bases are refreshed with updated information on a recurring  
  
   80 

     Table of Contents  

basis.  In the current pricing environment, the Company generally continues to see adequate collateral support of secured energy borrowers, including secured reserve based lines of credit for exploration and production borrowers.  The Company's internal valuation methodologies involve independent engineering analysis of a borrower's reserve to calculate the present value of discounted cash flows that secure the loan.  In doing so, the Company applies its oil and gas pricing policy, or when needed external market indices for oil and gas prices.  Generally, the drilling oil and support services subsector also has a high risk for impact from the pricing environment since their operations are directly impacted by reduced spending by those in the exploration and production sector.  However as noted in Table 14, the Company's exposure in this sector is limited.  
  For the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , charge-offs on energy loans were approximately   $8.5 million   and   $49.4 million  , respectively.  Charge-offs in this portfolio have remained low as the majority of classified energy portfolio loans remain well secured.  However, if the current level of oil prices stagnates or continues to further decline, this energy-related portfolio may be subject to additional pressure on credit quality metrics including past due, criticized, and nonperforming loans, as well as net charge-offs.  Through its ongoing portfolio credit quality assessment, the Company has and will continue to assess the impact to the allowance for loan losses and make adjustments as appropriate.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company's allowance for loan losses attributable to the energy portfolio totaled approximately   5%   of outstanding energy loans. 
  Commercial Real Estate 
  The commercial real estate portfolio segment includes the commercial real estate and real estate - construction loan portfolios.  Commercial real estate loans totaled   $11.4 billion   and   $10.5 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively and real estate - construction loans totaled   $2.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , and   $2.4 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   
  This portfolio segment consists primarily of extensions of credits to real estate developers and investors for the financing of land and buildings, whereby the repayment is generated from the sale of the real estate or the income generated by the real estate property.  The Company attempts to minimize risk on commercial real estate properties by various means, including requiring collateral with values that exceed the loan amount, adequate cash flow to service the debt, and the personal guarantees of principals of the borrowers.  In order to minimize risk on the construction portfolio, the Company has established an operations group outside of the lending staff which is responsible for loan disbursements during the construction process. 
  The following tables present the geographic distribution for the commercial real estate and real estate - construction portfolios. 

81 

     Table of Contents  

Residential Real Estate 
  The residential real estate portfolio includes residential real estate - mortgage loans, equity lines of credit and equity loans.  The residential real estate portfolio primarily contains loans to individuals, which are secured by single-family residences.  Loans of this type are generally smaller in size than commercial real estate loans and are geographically dispersed throughout the Company's market areas, with some guaranteed by government agencies or private mortgage insurers.  Losses on residential real estate loans depend, to a large degree, on the level of interest rates, the unemployment rate, economic conditions and collateral values.  
  Residential real estate - mortgage loans totaled   $13.5 billion   and   $14.0 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Risks associated with residential real estate - mortgage loans are mitigated through rigorous underwriting procedures, collateral values established by independent appraisers and mortgage insurance.  In addition, the collateral for this portfolio segment is concentrated in the Company's footprint as indicated in the table below.   

82 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides information related to refreshed FICO scores for the Company's residential real estate portfolio. 

Equity lines of credit and equity loans totaled   $3.0 billion   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  Losses in these portfolios generally track overall economic conditions.  These loans are underwritten in accordance with the underwriting standards set forth in the Company's policy and procedures.  The collateral for this portfolio segment is concentrated within the Company's footprint as indicated in the table below. 

83 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides information related to refreshed FICO scores for the Company's equity loans and lines. 

Other Consumer 
  The Company also operates a consumer finance unit which purchases loan contracts for indirect automobile and other consumer financing.  These loans are centrally underwritten using industry accepted tools and underwriting guidelines.  The Company also originates credit card loans and other consumer direct loans that are centrally underwritten and sourced from the Company's branches or online.  Total credit card, consumer direct and consumer indirect loans at   September 30, 2016   were   $5.0 billion  , or   8.3%   of the total loan portfolio compared to   $5.1 billion  , or   8.3%   of the total loan portfolio at   December 31, 2015  . 
  Foreign Exposure  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , foreign exposure risk did not represent a significant concentration of the Company's total portfolio of loans and was substantially represented by borrowers domiciled in Mexico and foreign borrowers currently residing in the United States.  
   
  Funding Activities 
  Deposits are the primary source of funds for lending and investing activities and their cost is the largest category of interest expense.  The Company also utilizes brokered deposits as a funding source in addition to customer deposits.  Scheduled payments, as well as prepayments, and maturities from portfolios of loans and investment securities also provide a stable source of funds.  FHLB advances, other secured borrowings, federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other short-term borrowed funds, as well as longer-term debt issued through the capital markets, all provide supplemental liquidity sources.  The Company s funding activities are monitored and governed through the Company s asset/liability management process. 
  
   84 

     Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company's and the Bank's credit ratings were as follows: 
       Table 21 
  Credit Ratings 
                      
    As of September 30, 2016 
        
    Standard   Poor s 
      
    Moody s 
      
    Fitch 
      BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. 

Long-term debt rating 
    BBB+ 
      
    Baa3 
      
    BBB+ 
      Short-term debt rating 
    A-2 
      
    - 
      
    F2 
      Compass Bank 

Long-term debt rating 
    BBB+ 
      
    Baa3 
      
    BBB+ 
      Long-term bank deposits (1) 
    N/A 
      
    A3 
      
    A- 
      Subordinated debt 
    BBB 
      
    Baa3 
      
    BBB- 
      Short-term debt rating 
    A-2 
      
    P-3 
      
    F2 
      Short-term deposit rating (2) 
    N/A 
      
    P-2 
      
    F2 
      Outlook 
    Negative 
      
    Stable 
      
    Stable 

(1) S P does not provide a rating for long-term bank deposits; therefore, the rating is N/A. 
  (2) S P does not provide a short-term deposit rating; therefore, the rating is N/A. 
  The cost and availability of financing to the Company and the Bank are impacted by its credit ratings. A downgrade to the Company s or Bank s credit ratings could affect its ability to access the credit markets and increase its borrowing costs, thereby adversely impacting the Company s financial condition and liquidity. Key factors in maintaining high credit ratings include a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong credit quality, strong capital ratios and diverse funding sources, in addition to disciplined liquidity monitoring procedures.  See the risk factors disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for additional information. 
  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and the ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal by the assigning rating agency.  Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
  Deposits 
  Total deposits increased by   $1.6 billion   from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  .  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , total deposits included   $6.4 billion   and   $7.0 billion   of brokered deposits, respectively.  The following table presents the Company s deposits segregated by major category: 

Total deposits increased from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   primarily due to growth in noninterest bearing demand deposits, savings and money market and time deposits.  Marketing efforts were the primary drivers of the growth.  
  
   85 

Table of Contents  

Borrowed Funds 
  In addition to internal deposit generation, the Company also relies on borrowed funds as a supplemental source of funding.  Borrowed funds consist of short-term borrowings, FHLB advances, subordinated debentures and other long-term borrowings. 
  Short-term borrowings are primarily in the form of federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other short-term borrowings.  At both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the   $79 million   and   $674 million  , respectively, of federal funds purchased included in short-term borrowings was primarily a result of customer activity.   
  The short-term borrowings table presents the distribution of the Company s short-term borrowed funds and the corresponding weighted average interest rates.  Also provided are the maximum outstanding amounts of borrowings, the average amounts of borrowings and the average interest rates at period-end. 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , FHLB and other borrowings were   $3.7 billion   and   $5.4 billion  , respectively. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $1.3 billion   of proceeds received from FHLB and other borrowings and repayments were approximately   $3.1 billion  . 
   
  Shareholder s Equity 
  Total shareholder's equity was   $12.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $12.6 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , an increase of   $194 million  . Shareholder's equity increased   $281 million   due to earnings attributable to the Company during the period offset by the payment of preferred and common dividends totaling   $70 million   as well as a   $69 million   dividend to BBVA Bancomer USA, Inc. for the purchase of the four operating subsidiaries from BBVA Bancomer USA, Inc.  See Note   2  ,   Acquisition Activity  , in the   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   for additional information. 
   
  Risk Management 
  In the normal course of business, the Company encounters inherent risk in its business activities.  The Company s risk management approach includes processes for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and reporting risks.  Management has grouped the risks facing its operations into the following categories: credit risk, structural interest rate, market and liquidity risk, operational risk, strategic and business risk, cyber risk and reputational risk.  Each of these risks is managed through the Company s ERM program.  The ERM program provides the structure and framework necessary to identify, measure, control and manage risk across the organization.  ERM is the cornerstone for defining risk tolerance, identifying and monitoring key risk indicators, managing capital and integrating the Company s capital planning process with on-going risk assessments and related stress testing for major risks.  
  
   86 

Table of Contents  

Market Risk Management 
  The effective management of market risk is essential to achieving the Company s strategic financial objectives.  As a financial institution, the Company s most significant market risk exposure is interest rate risk in its balance sheet; however, market risk also includes product liquidity risk, price risk and volatility risk in the Company s lines of business.  The primary objectives of market risk management are to minimize any adverse effect that changes in market risk factors may have on net interest income, and to offset the risk of price changes for certain assets recorded at fair value. 
  Interest Rate Market Risk 
  The Company s net interest income and the fair value of its financial instruments are influenced by changes in the level of interest rates. The Company manages its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates through policies established by its Asset/Liability Committee. The Asset/Liability Committee meets regularly and has responsibility for approving asset/liability management policies, formulating strategies to improve balance sheet positioning and/or earnings and reviewing the interest rate sensitivity of the Company. 
  Management utilizes an interest rate simulation model to estimate the sensitivity of the Company s net interest income to changes in interest rates. Such estimates are based upon a number of assumptions for each scenario, including the level of balance sheet growth, deposit repricing characteristics and the rate of prepayments. 
  The estimated impact on the Company s net interest income sensitivity over a one-year time horizon at   September 30, 2016  , is shown in the table below along with comparable prior-period information.  Such analysis assumes a gradual and sustained parallel shift in interest rates, expectations of balance sheet growth and composition and the Company s estimate of how interest-bearing transaction accounts would reprice in each scenario using current yield curves at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

The following table shows the effect that the indicated changes in interest rates would have on EVE. Inherent in this calculation are many assumptions used to project lifetime cash flows for every item on the balance sheet that may or may not be realized, such as deposit decay rates, prepayment speeds and spread assumptions. This measurement only values existing business without consideration of new business or potential management actions.  

The Company is also subject to trading risk.  The Company utilizes various tools to measure and manage price risk in its trading portfolios.  In addition, the Board of Directors of the Company has established certain limits relative to positions and activities.  The level of price risk exposure at any given point in time depends on the market environment and expectation of future price and market movements, and will vary from period to period. 
  
   87 

     Table of Contents  

Derivatives 
  The Company uses derivatives primarily to manage economic risks related to commercial loans, mortgage banking operations, long-term debt and other funding sources. The Company also uses derivatives to facilitate transactions on behalf of its clients. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had derivative financial instruments outstanding with notional amounts of   $36.3 billion  . The estimated net fair value of open contracts was in an asset position of   $155 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  For additional information about derivatives, refer to Note   6  ,   Derivatives and Hedging  , in the   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  . 
   
  Liquidity Management 
  Liquidity is the ability of the Company to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss and to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities. Liquidity management involves maintaining the Company s ability to meet the day-to-day cash flow requirements of its customers, whether they are depositors wishing to withdraw funds or borrowers requiring funds to meet their credit needs. Without proper liquidity management, the Company would not be able to perform the primary function of a financial intermediary and would, therefore, not be able to meet the needs of the communities it serves.  
  The Company regularly assesses liquidity needs under various scenarios of market conditions, asset growth and changes in credit ratings.  The assessment includes liquidity stress testing which measures various sources and uses of funds under the different scenarios.  The assessment provides regular monitoring of unused borrowing capacity and available sources of contingent liquidity to prepare for unexpected liquidity needs and to cover unanticipated events that could affect liquidity. 
  The asset portion of the balance sheet provides liquidity primarily through unencumbered securities available for sale, loan principal and interest payments, maturities and prepayments of investment securities held to maturity and, to a lesser extent, sales of investment securities available for sale and trading account assets.  Other short-term investments such as federal funds sold, and securities purchased under agreements to resell, are additional sources of liquidity. 
  The liability portion of the balance sheet provides liquidity through various customers  interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposit accounts and through FHLB and other borrowings.  Brokered deposits, federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other short-term borrowings as well as excess borrowing capacity with the FHLB and access to the debt capital markets are additional sources of liquidity and, basically, represent the Company s incremental borrowing capacity.  These sources of liquidity are used as necessary to fund asset growth and meet short-term liquidity needs. 
  In addition to the Company s financial performance and condition, liquidity may be impacted by the Parent s structure as a bank holding company that is a separate legal entity from the Bank.  The Parent requires cash for various operating needs including payment of dividends to its shareholder, the servicing of debt, and the payment of general corporate expenses.  The primary source of liquidity for the Parent is dividends paid by the Bank. Applicable federal and state statutes and regulations impose restrictions on the amount of dividends that may be paid by the Bank.  In addition to the formal statutes and regulations, regulatory authorities also consider the adequacy of the Bank s total capital in relation to its assets, deposits and other such items.  Due to the net earnings restrictions on dividend distributions under Alabama law, the Bank was not permitted to pay dividends at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015   without regulatory approval.  Appropriate limits and guidelines are in place to ensure the Parent has sufficient cash to meet operating expenses and other commitments without relying on subsidiaries or capital markets for funding. Any future dividends paid from the Parent must be set forth as capital actions in the Company's capital plans and not objected to by the Federal Reserve Board. 
  The Company s ability to raise funding at competitive prices is affected by the rating agencies  views of the Company s credit quality, liquidity, capital and earnings.  Management meets with the rating agencies on a routine basis to discuss the current outlook for the Company. 
  In 2014, the Federal Reserve Board, the OCC, and the FDIC approved a final rule implementing a minimum liquidity coverage ratio requirement for certain large bank holding companies, savings and loan holding companies and depository institutions, and a less stringent LCR requirement for other banking organizations, such as the Company, with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets. The final rule imposes a monthly reporting requirement. In January 2016,  
  
   88 

     Table of Contents  

the minimum phased-in LCR requirement was 90 percent, followed by 100 percent in January 2017. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was fully compliant with the minimum phased-in LCR requirements in effect for 2016. However, should the Company's cash position or investment mix change in the future, the Company's ability to meet the LCR requirement may be impacted. 
  Management believes that the current sources of liquidity are adequate to meet the Company s requirements and plans for continued growth.  
   
  Capital 
  The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal and state banking regulators.  Failure to meet minimum risk-based and leverage capital requirements can subject the Company and the Bank to a series of increasingly restrictive regulatory actions.  
  The U.S. Basel III final rule revised the minimum regulatory capital ratio thresholds for the Company and the Bank and the well-capitalized thresholds for the Bank. The Federal Reserve Board has not yet adopted well-capitalized standards for bank holding companies under the U.S. Basel III capital framework.  
  Under the U.S. Basel III capital rule, the minimum regulatory capital ratios are as follows: 
     4.5% CET1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
     6.0% Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
     8.0% Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
     4.0% Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 
  The U.S. Basel III capital rule also requires a capital conservation buffer that is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress and that must be maintained on top of these minimum risk-based capital ratios. The phase in period for the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016, with an initial phase-in amount of 0.625%. When U.S. Basel III is fully phased-in on January 1, 2019, the Company and Bank is expected to be subject to a 2.5% CET1 capital conservation buffer, under which they must maintain a CET1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio of greater than 7.0%, a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio of greater than 8.5%, and a Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio of greater than 10.5%. Failure of the Company or the Bank to maintain the buffer will result in restrictions on the ability to make dividend payments, repurchase shares, and pay discretionary bonuses. 
  
   89 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the Company's U.S. Basel III regulatory capital ratios subject to transitional provisions at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  

At   September 30, 2016  , the regulatory capital ratios of the Bank exceeded the  well-capitalized  standard for banks based on applicable U.S. regulatory capital requirements.  The Company continually monitors these ratios to ensure that the Bank exceeds this standard. 
   
           Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk     
     Refer to  Market Risk Management  in   Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, herein. 
   
  Item 4.        Controls and Procedures    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
  Management of the Company, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on their evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.  
  Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
  There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   90 

Table of Contents  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings    
     See under  Legal and Regulatory Proceedings  in Note   8  ,   Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees  , of the   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  . 
   
           Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors    
     Various risk and uncertainties could affect the Company's business.  These risks are described elsewhere in this report and the Company's other filings with the SEC, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
           Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
     Omitted pursuant to General Instruction H of Form 10-Q.  
   
           Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
     Omitted pursuant to General Instruction H of Form 10-Q.  
   
           Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures    
     Not Applicable. 
   
  Item 5.    Other Information 
  Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act 
  The Company discloses the following information pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, which requires an issuer to disclose whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with natural persons or entities designated by the U.S. government under specified executive orders, including activities not prohibited by U.S. law and conducted outside the United States by non-U.S. affiliates in compliance with local law. In order to comply with this requirement, the Company has requested relevant information from its affiliates globally. 
  The Company has not knowingly engaged in activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with natural persons or entities designated by the U.S. government under the specified executive orders. 
  Because the Company is controlled by BBVA, a Spanish corporation, the Company's disclosure includes activities, transactions or dealings conducted outside the United States by non-U.S. affiliates of BBVA and its consolidated subsidiaries that are not controlled by the Company.  The BBVA Group has the following activities, transactions and dealings with Iran requiring disclosure. 
  Legacy contractual obligations related to counter indemnities  . Before 2007, the BBVA Group issued certain counter indemnities to its non-Iranian customers in Europe for various business activities relating to Iran in support of guarantees provided by Bank Melli, one of which remained outstanding during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , revenues of $360 (including fees and/or commissions) have been recorded in connection with these counter indemnities.  The BBVA Group does not allocate direct costs to fees and commissions and therefore has not disclosed a separate profit measure. Due to changes in EU Council Regulations effective January 16, 2016, Bank Melli is no longer included on the EU  list of persons and entities subject to the restrictive measure relating to the freezing of funds and economic resources. Therefore, BBVA is no longer required to block any payments of amounts due to Bank Melli under the outstanding counter indemnity and is no longer required to request authorization from the relevant Spanish authorities to release such funds to Bank Melli. 
  
   91 

     Table of Contents  

Refund of funds from Bank Sepah.   During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , Bank Sepah returned to the BBVA Group funds in the amount of $4,624 originally transferred by the BBVA Group in March 2007 to an account at Bank Sepah in the name of BBVA s representative office in Tehran.  
  Iranian embassy-related activity  . The BBVA Group maintains bank accounts in Spain for two employees of the Iranian embassy in Spain. The two employees are Spanish citizens, and one of them has retired.  Estimated gross revenues for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , from embassy-related activity, which include fees and/or commissions, did not exceed $190. The BBVA Group does not allocate direct costs to fees and commissions and therefore has not disclosed a separate profit measure. The BBVA Group is committed to terminating these business relationships as soon as legally possible. 
  
   92 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    Exhibits    
                    Exhibit Number 
    Description of Documents 

2.1 
    Purchase and Assumption Agreement Whole Bank All Deposits among the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Receiver of Guaranty Bank, Austin, Texas, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Compass Bank, dated as of August 21, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on November 22, 2013, File No. 0-55106). 
      3.1 
    Restated Certificate of Formation of BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc., (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 13, 2015 File No. 0-55106 and as amended by the Certificate of Preferences and Rights of the Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 3, 2015, File No. 0-55106).  
      3.2 
    Bylaws of BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on November 22, 2013, File No. 0-55106). 
      31.1 
    Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2 
    Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1 
    Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.2 
    Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101.1 
    Interactive Data File. 

Certain instruments defining rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company and its subsidiaries constituting less than 10% of the Company s total assets are not filed herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. At the SEC s request, the Company agrees to furnish the SEC a copy of any such agreement.  

93 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
                     Date: November 9, 2016 
    BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. 
        
    By: 
    /s/ Kirk P. Pressley 

Name: 
    Kirk P. Pressley 

Title: 
    Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer 

94 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311x20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  I, Manuel S nchez Rodriguez, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Manuel S nchez Rodriguez 

Manuel S nchez Rodriguez 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312x20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  I, Kirk P. Pressley, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))     for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Kirk P. Pressley 

Kirk P. Pressley 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321x20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), I, Manuel S nchez Rodriguez, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                        Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Manuel S nchez Rodriguez 

Manuel S nchez Rodriguez 

Chief Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322x20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), I, Kirk P. Pressley, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                        Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Kirk P. Pressley 

Kirk P. Pressley 

Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bbva-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bbva-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bbva-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bbva-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bbva-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bbva-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

