<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161006_10-K-A_edgar_data_1517130_0001213900-16-017331_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>740238</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97206</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>530648</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>81</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017331.hdr.sgml : 20161006
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161006140222
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017331
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161006
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161006

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001517130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FISHING, HUNTING & TRAPPING [0900]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35192
		FILM NUMBER:		161924612

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CN11 LEGEND TOWN, NO.1 BALIZHUANGDONGLI
		STREET 2:		CHAOYANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-10-6569-3988

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CN11 LEGEND TOWN, NO.1 BALIZHUANGDONGLI
		STREET 2:		CHAOYANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Growth Equity Investment Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017331.txt : 20161006

10-K/A
 1
 f10k2015a1_pingtanmarine.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

AMENDMENT
NO. 1 on    

FORM
10-K/A    

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the fiscal year ended: December 31, 2015  

Or  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from: _____________ to _____________  

PINGTAN
MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Cayman
    Islands   
       
       001-35192   
       
       N/A    
 
      (State
    or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization)  
       
      (Commission
    File 
 Number)  
       
      (I.R.S.
    Employer 
 Identification No.)   

18-19/F,
Zhongshan Building A,   

   No.
154 Hudong Road   

   Fuzhou,
P.R.C. 350001   

  (Address
of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code)  

(86)
591-8727-1266   

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:    

Title
    of each class   
       
       Name
    of each exchange on which registered    
 
      Ordinary
    shares, $0.001 par value  
       
       The
    NASDAQ Capital Market   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    

None.  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   Yes      No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   Yes      No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes      No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes      No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.   

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).   Yes      No  

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $59.6 million
on June 30, 2015, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter.  

The
number of the registrant s ordinary shares outstanding as of March 9, 2016 was 79,055,053.  

EXPLANATORY
NOTE   

This
Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K (this  Amendment ) amends the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Original Filing ), originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ) on March 10, 2016, of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. We are filing the Amendment in order to include
a revised audit report of BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP to cover both fiscal years ended December 31,
2014 and 2015 and to provide the report of UHY Vocation HK CPA Limited for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. Accordingly,
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of Part II is hereby amended in its entirety.    

As
required by Rule 12b-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Amendment includes as exhibits the certifications
required of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.  

No
attempt has been made with this Amendment to modify or update the other disclosures presented in the Original Filing. The Original
Filing continues to speak as of the date of the Original Filing, and we have not updated the disclosures contained therein to
reflect any events which occurred at a date subsequent to the filing of the Original Filing. Accordingly, this Amendment should
be read in conjunction with the Original Filing and our other filings made with the SEC.  

Unless
otherwise noted or as the context otherwise requires, the term  the Company,   we,   us, 
or  our  refers to Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. and its subsidiaries.  

PART
II   

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Financial
Statement Schedules (Item 15(a)(2))   

Financial
statement schedules have been omitted because either they are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial
statements or the notes thereto.  

PART IV    

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

(a)(3) Exhibits  

The
exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference into this Item 15 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K/A.  

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Irvine, State of California, on
the  6th day of October 2016.   

PINGTAN
    MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD.    

By  
      /s/
    XINRONG ZHUO   

Xinrong
    Zhuo   

Chairman
    of the Board    and   

Chief
Executive Officer    

Exhibit Index   

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013  

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 

CONTENTS 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

Board
of Directors and Shareholders  

  Pingtan
Marine Enterprise Limited  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Limited and its subsidiary (collectively,
the  Company ) as of December 31, 2014 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2015. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audit.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Limited and its subsidiary as of December 31, 2014 and 2015, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.  

/signed/
BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP  

Beijing,
China  

  March
9, 2016  

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED   

   PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of  

  Pingtan
Marine Enterprise Ltd.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the
 Company ) as of December 31, 2013 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income,
shareholders  equity, and cash flows  for the year ended December 31, 2013. The Company s management is
responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.   

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and the consolidated results
of its income and comprehensive income, and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.   

/s/
UHY VOCATION HK CPA LIMITED  

  Certified
Public Accountants  

Hong
Kong, the People s Republic of China,  

   March
7, 2014   

PINGTAN
MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

  (IN
U.S. DOLLARS)  

See
notes to consolidated financial statements  

PINGTAN
MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

  (IN
U.S. DOLLARS)  

See
notes to consolidated financial statements  

PINGTAN
MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  

  FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015, 2014 AND 2013  

  (IN
U.S. DOLLARS)  

See
notes to consolidated financial statements  

PINGTAN
MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (IN
U.S. DOLLARS)  

See
notes to consolidated financial statements   

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 1    DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
AND ORGANIZATION  

Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. ( the
Company  or  PME ), formerly China Growth Equity Investment Limited ( CGEI ), incorporated in the
Cayman Islands as an exempted limited liability company, was incorporated as a blank check company on January 18, 2010 with the
purpose of directly or indirectly acquiring, through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, plan of arrangement, recapitalization,
reorganization or similar business combination, an operating business, or control of such operating business through contractual
arrangements, that has its principal business and/or material operations located in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). 
In connection with its initial business combination, in February 2013, CGEI changed its name to Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. 

On October 24, 2012, CGEI and China Dredging
Group Co., Ltd ( CDGC  or  China Dredging ) entered into a Merger Agreement providing for the combination
of CGEI and CDGC and on October 24, 2012, CGEI also acquired all of the outstanding capital shares and other equity interests
of Merchant Supreme Co., Ltd. ( Merchant Supreme ), a company incorporated on June 25, 2012, in British Virgin Island
( BVI ), as per a Share Purchase Agreement.  On February 25, 2013, the merger between the Company, CDGC and Merchant
Supreme became effective and has been accounted for as a  reverse merger  and recapitalization since the common shareholders
of CDGC and Merchant Supreme (i) owned a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares of the Company immediately following the
completion of the transaction, and (ii) have significant influence and the ability to elect or appoint or to remove a majority
of the members of the governing body of the combined entity. In accordance with the provision of Financial Accounting Standards
Board Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805-40, CDGC and Merchant Supreme are deemed the accounting acquirers
and the Company is the legal acquirer in the transaction and, consequently, the transaction is treated as a recapitalization of
the Company. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in the consolidated financial
statements are those of CDGC, Merchant Supreme and their subsidiaries and are recorded at the historical cost basis. The Company s
assets, liabilities and results of operations were consolidated with the assets, liabilities and results of operations of CDGC,
Merchant Supreme and their subsidiaries subsequent to the acquisition date of February 25, 2013. Following the completion of the
business combination which became effective on February 25, 2013, CDGC and Merchant Supreme became the wholly-owned subsidiaries
of the Company.  The ordinary shares, par value $0.001 per share are listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol
 PME . 

In order to place increased focus on fishing
business and pursue more effective growth opportunities, the Company decided to exit and sell the specialized dredging services
operated by China Dredging, and the Company completed the sale of CDGC and its subsidiaries on December 4, 2013. 

On February 9, 2015, the Company terminated
its existing Variable Interest Entity ( VIE ) agreements, pursuant to an Agreement of Termination dated February 9,
2015, entered into by and among Ms. Honghong Zhuo, Mr. Zhiyan Lin (each a shareholder of Fujian Provincial Pingtan County Ocean
Fishing Group Co., Ltd ( Pingtan Fishing ), together the  Pingtan Fishing s Shareholders ), Pingtan
Fishing and Pingtan Guansheng Ocean Fishing Co., Ltd. ( Pingtan Guansheng ). On February 9, 2015, the Pingtan Fishing s
Shareholders transferred 100% of their equity interest in Pingtan Fishing to Fujian Heyue Marine Fishing Development Co., Ltd.
( Fujian Heyue ), pursuant to an Equity Transfer Agreement dated February 9, 2015, entered into by and among the Pingtan
Fishing s Shareholders, Pingtan Fishing and Fujian Heyue. On February 15, 2015, China Agriculture Industry Development Fund
Co., Ltd. ( China Agriculture ) invested RMB 400 million (approximately $65 million) into Pingtan Fishing for an 8%
equity interest in Pingtan Fishing. After the restructuring transactions described above, Pingtan Fishing and its entities became
the 92% equity-owned subsidiaries of the company and was no longer a VIE.  

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)   

NOTE 1    DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
AND ORGANIZATION (continued)   

Details of the Company s subsidiaries
which are included in these consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

Name of subsidiaries 
       
     Place and date of incorporation 
       
     Percentage of ownership 
       
     Principal activities  
 
     Merchant Supreme Co., Ltd. (Merchant Supreme ) 
       
      BVI, 
         June 25, 2012  
       
     100% held by PME 
       
      Intermediate holding 
         company   

Prime Cheer Corporation Ltd. ( Prime Cheer ) 
       
      Hong Kong, 
         May 3, 2012  
       
      100% held by Merchant 
         Supreme  
       
      Intermediate holding 
         company   

Pingtan Guansheng Ocean Fishing Co., Ltd. ( Pingtan Guansheng ) 
       
      PRC, 
         October 12, 2012  
       
      100% held by Prime 
         Cheer  
       
      Intermediate holding 
         company   

Fujian Heyue Marine Fishing Development Co., Ltd. ( Fujian Heyue ) 
       
      PRC, 
         January 27, 2015  
       
     100% held by Pingtan Guansheng 
       
     Intermediate holding company    

Fujian Provincial Pingtan County Fishing Group Co., Ltd. ( Pingtan Fishing ) 
       
      PRC, 
         February 27, 1998  
       
     92% held by Fujian Heyue 
       
     Oceanic fishing  

Pingtan Dingxin Fishing Information Consulting Co., Ltd. ( Pingtan Dingxin ) 
       
      PRC, 
         October 23, 2012  
       
     100% held by Pingtan Fishing 
       
     Dormant  

Pingtan Duoying Fishing Information Consulting Co., Ltd. ( Pingtan Duoying ) 
       
      PRC, 
         October 23, 2012  
       
     100% held by Pingtan Fishing 
       
     Dormant  

Pingtan Ruiying Fishing Information Consulting Co., Ltd. ( Pingtan Ruiying ) 
       
      PRC, 
         October 23, 2012  
       
     100% held by Pingtan Fishing 
       
     Dormant  

Fujian Heyue, through its PRC subsidiary,
Pingtan Fishing, engages in ocean fishing with its owned and licensed vessels within the Indian Exclusive Economic Zone and Arafura
Sea of Indonesia and the Western and Central Pacific Ocean of the international waters. 

The Company meets its day-to-day working capital
requirements through cash flow provided by operations, bank loans and related parties  advances. The Indonesian government's
recent moratorium on fishing licenses renewals creates uncertainty over fishing operations in Indonesian waters. The Company s
forecasts and projections, taking accounts of on-going operations in Indian waters and consideration of opportunities in new fishing
territories, such as acquisition of 6 licensed vessels to operate in the Western and Central Pacific Ocean, shows that the Company
has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future.  

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 2    DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS   

In order to place increased focus on fishing
business and pursue more effective growth opportunities, the Company decided to exit and sell the specialized dredging services
operated by China Dredging, and the Company completed the sale of CDGC and its subsidiaries on December 4, 2013. Pursuant
to ASC Topic 205-20, Presentation of Financial Statements-Discontinued Operations, the business of CDGC is considered as a discontinued
operation because: (a) the operations and cash flows of CDGC were eliminated from the Company s operations; and (b) the
Company would not have ability to influence the operations or financial policies of CDGC subsequent to the sale. 

The results of operations of CDGC and its
subsidiaries have been presented as discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2013. There were no discontinued operations
in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. The following table provides the financial results included in net income from
discontinued operations during the periods presented: 

The carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities
as of December 4, 2013 (disposal date) were as follows: 

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of presentation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
and related notes have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP). 

The Company s consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries and VIEs in which the Company is the primary beneficiary.
All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated financial statements
of the Company have been prepared as if the existing corporate structure had been in existence throughout the periods presented
and as if the reorganization had occurred as of the beginning of the earliest period presented. 

Use of estimates  

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and the related disclosures at the date of the financial
statements and during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from these estimates. Significant estimates
in the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 include allowance for doubtful accounts, reserve for inventories, the useful
life of property, plant and equipment, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-term assets and valuation of deferred
tax assets and accruals for taxes due.  

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)   

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Cash  

Cash consists of cash on hand and cash in
banks. The Company maintains cash with various financial institutions in China and Hong Kong and none of these deposits are covered
by insurance. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, cash balances in China are $11,276,429 and $12,486,630, respectively, and cash balances
in Hong Kong are $172,255 and $265,642, respectively, and are uninsured. The Company has not experienced any losses in bank accounts
and believes it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts. 

Restricted cash   

Restricted cash consists of cash deposits
held by China Development Bank to secure short term bank loans from China Development Bank. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, restricted
cash amounted $1,577,642 and $0, respectively. 

Fair value of financial instruments  

The Company adopted the guidance of ASC Topic
820 for fair value measurements which clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and
establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets
that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable
market data. 

Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which
reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability based on the best available information. 

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for cash, restricted cash, accounts receivable, inventories, advances to suppliers, prepaid expenses, prepaid expenses
  related parties, deferred expenses   related parties, receivable from transferring equity method investment shares,
other receivables, other receivable   related parties, accounts payable, accounts payable   related party, advances
from customers, bank loans, accrued liabilities and other payables, and due to related parties approximate their fair market value
based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. As of December 31, 2015, the Company does not have any assets or liabilities
that are measured on a recurring basis at fair value. The Company s short-term bank borrowings that are considered Level
2 financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2015. The Company does not have any
level 3 financial instruments. 

ASC Topic 825-10  Financial Instruments 
allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value (fair value option). The
fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. If
the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument should be reported in earnings
at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding instruments. 

Accounts receivable  

Accounts receivable are presented net of an
allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses. The Company reviews
the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and makes general and specific allowance when there is doubt as to the collectability
of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balance, the Company considers many factors,
including the age of the balance, a customer s historical payment history, its current credit-worthiness and current economic
trends. Accounts are written off after exhaustive efforts at collection. The Company only grants credit terms to established customers
who are deemed to be financially responsible. Credit periods to customers are within 180 days after customers received the purchased
goods. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company has established, based on a review of its outstanding balances, an allowance
for doubtful accounts in the amounts of $372,634 and $1,174,121, respectively.   

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Inventories     

 Inventories, consisting of frozen fish and
marine catches, are stated at the lower of cost or market utilizing the weighted average method. The Cost of inventories comprises
of fuel, freight, depreciation, direct labor, consumables, and government levied charges and taxes. Consumables include fishing
nets and metal containers used by fishing vessels. The Company s fishing fleets in Indian and Indonesian waters and Western
and Central Pacific Ocean of the international waters operate throughout the year, although the May to July period demonstrates
lower catch quantities compared to the October to January period, which is the peak season.  

 An allowance is established when management
determines that certain inventories may not be saleable. If inventory costs exceed expected market value due to obsolescence or
quantities in excess of expected demand, the Company will record reserve for the difference between the cost and the market value.
These reserves are recorded based on estimates. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded reserve for inventories in
the amount of $218,236 and $0, respectively.   

  Advances to suppliers   

 Advances to suppliers represent the
cash paid in advance for the purchase of raw material from suppliers. The advance payments are intended to ensure preferential
pricing and delivery. The amounts advanced under such arrangements totaled $35,994,146 and $0 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

  Receivable from transferring equity
method investment shares  

 In order to improve and focus on fishing business,
the Company transferred 15% (RMB 150 million, approximately $23.1 million) of the total ownership in Global Deep Ocean Fishing
(Pingtan) Industrial Limited (the  Global Deep Ocean ) to another shareholder of Global Deep Ocean in December 2015
(See note 9). In the second half of December 2015, the Company received RMB 50 million (approximately $7.7 million) from the transferee.
As of December 31, 2015, the receivable resulting from the 15% ownership transfer amounted to $15,406,659 (RMB 100 million). The
receivable was collected in full in January and February 2016.  

  Fishing licenses   

 Each of the Company s fishing vessels
requires an approval from Ministry of Agriculture of the People's Republic of China to carry out ocean fishing projects in foreign
territories. These approvals are valid for a period from three to twelve months, and are awarded to the Company at no cost. The
Company applies for the renewal of the approval prior to expiration to avoid interruptions of fishing vessels  operations.  

 Each of the Company s fishing vessels
operated in Indonesian waters requires a fishing license granted by the authority in Indonesia. Indonesian fishing licenses remain
effective for a period of twelve months and the Company applies for renewal prior to expiration. The Company records the cost
of Indonesian fishing licenses in deferred expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and amortizes over the effective
periods of the licenses. 

  Investment in
unconsolidated company   Global Deep Ocean  

 The Company use the equity method of accounting for its investment in, and earning or
loss of, company that it does not control but over which it does exert significant influence. The Company considers whether the
fair value of its equity method investment has declined below its carrying value whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances
indicate that recorded value may not be recoverable. If the Company considers any decline to be other than temporary (based on
various factors, including historical financial results and the overall health of the investee), then a write -down would
be recorded to estimated fair value. See Note 9 for discussion of equity method investment. 

  Property, plant and equipment  

Property, plant and equipment are carried
at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The cost of repairs and maintenance
is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized. When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost
and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year
of disposition. The Company examines the possibility of decreases in the value of fixed assets when events or changes in circumstances
reflect the fact that their recorded value may not be recoverable.  

 Included in property, plant and equipment
are fishing vessels under construction which includes the costs of construction and any interest charges arising from borrowings
used to finance these assets during the period of construction of the assets. No provision for depreciation is made on fishing
vessels under construction until such time as the relevant assets are completed and ready for their intended use.  

 The estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows:  

Estimated
    useful life  
 
     Fishing vessels 
       
      10 - 20 Years  
 
     Vehicles 
       
      5 Years  
 
     Office and other equipment 
       
      3 - 5 Years  
 
  Expenditures for repairs and maintenance, which do not extend
the useful life of the assets, are expensed as incurred. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Capitalized interest  

Interest associated with the construction
of fishing vessels is capitalized and included in the cost of the fishing vessels. When no debt is incurred specifically for the
construction of a fishing vessel, interest is capitalized on amounts expended on the construction using weighted-average cost
of the Company s outstanding borrowings. Capitalization of interest ceases when the construction is substantially complete
or the construction activity is suspended for more than a brief period. The Company capitalized interest of $0, $836,902 and $1,094,589
for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, in the fishing vessels under construction. 

Impairment of long-lived assets  

In accordance with ASC Topic 360, the Company
reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the
assets may not be fully recoverable, or at least annually. The Company recognizes an impairment loss when the sum of expected
undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured as the difference
between the asset s estimated fair value and its book value.  The Company did not record any impairment charge
for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. 

Advances from customers  

Advances from customers at December 31, 2015
and 2014 amounted to $0 and $164,724, respectively, and consist of prepayments from customers for merchandise that had not yet
been shipped or delivered. The Company will recognize the deposits as revenue as customers take delivery of the goods and the
purchase price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured in accordance with the Company s revenue recognition policy. 

Revenue recognition  

Pursuant to the guidance of ASC Topic 605
and ASC Topic 360, the Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or
services have been rendered, the purchase price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. With respect
to the sale of frozen fish and other marine catches to third party customers, most of which are sole proprietor regional wholesalers
in China, the Company recognizes revenue when customers pick up purchased goods at the Company s cold storage warehouse,
after payment is received by the Company or credit sale is approved by the Company for recurring customers who have a history
of financial responsibility. The Company does not offer promotional payments, customer coupons, rebates or other cash redemption
offers to its customers. The Company does not accept returns from customers. 

Government grant  

Government grants are recognized when there
is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates
to an expense item, it is recognized as income over the periods necessary to match the grant on a systematic basis to the costs
that it is intended to compensate. Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to the cost of the asset and
is released to the income statement over the expected useful life in a consistent manner with the depreciation method for the
relevant asset.   

Income taxes  

Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands
and British Virgin Islands, the Company and Merchant Supreme are not subject to any income or capital gains tax, and dividend
payments that the Company may make are not subject to any withholding tax in the Cayman Islands or British Virgin Islands. Under
the current laws of Hong Kong, Prime Cheer is not subject to any capital gains tax and dividend payments are not subject to any
withholding tax in Hong Kong.   

The Company is not incorporated nor does it
engage in any trade or business in the United States and is not subject to United States federal income taxes. The Company did
not derive any significant amount of income subject to such taxes after completion of the Share Exchange and accordingly, no relevant
tax provision is made in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Income taxes (continued)  

The Company's subsidiary, Pingtan Fishing,
is a qualified ocean fishing enterprise certified by the Ministry of Agriculture of the PRC. The qualification is renewed on April
1 each year. Pingtan Fishing is exempt from income tax derived from its ocean fishing operations in the periods it processes a
valid Ocean Fishing Enterprise Qualification Certificate issued by the Ministry of Agriculture of the PRC. 

The new China s Enterprise Income Tax
Law ( EIT Law ) also provides that an enterprise established under the laws of foreign countries or regions but whose
 de facto management body  is located in the PRC be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes and consequently
be subject to the PRC income tax at the rate of 25% for its worldwide income. The Implementing Rules of the new EIT Law merely
defines the location of the  de facto management body  as  the place where the exercising, in substance, of
the overall management and control of the production and business operation, personnel, accounting, properties, etc., of a non-PRC
company is located.  On April 22, 2009, the PRC State Administration of Taxation further issued a notice entitled  Notice
Regarding Recognizing Offshore-Established Enterprises Controlled by PRC Shareholders as Resident Enterprises Based on Their Place
of Effective Management.  Under this notice, a foreign company controlled by a PRC company or a group of PRC companies shall
be deemed as a PRC resident enterprise if (i) the senior management and the core management departments in charge of its daily
operations mainly function in the PRC; (ii) its financial decisions and human resource decisions are subject to decisions or approvals
of persons or institutions in the PRC; (iii) its major assets, accounting books, company seals, minutes and files of board meetings
and shareholders  meetings are located or kept in the PRC; and (iv) more than half of the directors or senior management
personnel with voting rights reside in the PRC. Based on a review of surrounding facts and circumstances, the company does not
believe that it is likely that its operations outside of the PRC should be considered a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes.
However, due to limited guidance and implementation history of the new EIT Law, should the Company be treated as a resident enterprise
for PRC tax purposes, the Company will be subject to PRC tax on worldwide income at a uniform tax rate of 25% retroactive to May
3, 2012. 

In addition, Pingtan Fishing is not subject
to foreign income taxes for its operations in either India and Indonesia Exclusive Economic Zones or the Western and Central Pacific
Fisheries Commission areas. 

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured
using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be effective when the differences are expected to reverse. 

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance to the extent that management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The Company has not recorded deferred income
taxes applicable to undistributed earnings of the subsidiaries located in the PRC because it is the present intention of management
to reinvest the undistributed earnings indefinitely in PRC. The cumulative undistributed earnings from PRC subsidiaries amounted
to approximately $190.5 million and $172.9 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which are included in consolidated
retained earnings. Generally, such earnings become subject to the PRC tax upon the remittance of dividends and under certain other
circumstances. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of deferred tax liability on such undistributed earnings. 

The Company prescribes a more-likely-than-not
threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken in the tax return. This interpretation also
provides guidance on de-recognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets
and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, accounting for income taxes in interim periods
and income tax disclosures. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, there were no amounts that had been accrued with respect to uncertain
tax positions. 

Shipping and handling costs  

Shipping and handling costs are included in
selling expense and totaled $369,912, $721,972 and $458,297 for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Employee benefits  

The Company makes mandatory contributions
to the PRC government s health, retirement benefit and unemployment funds in accordance with the relevant Chinese social
security laws. The costs of these payments are charged to the same accounts as the related salary costs in the same period as
the related salary costs incurred. Employee benefit costs totaled $903,594, $1,172,444 and $734,621 for the years ended December
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

Advertising  

Advertising is expensed as incurred and is
included in selling expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and totaled $89,204,
$19,833 and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

Research and development  

Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred and are included in general and administrative expense. The Company did not incur any research and development costs
during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. 

Foreign currency translation  

The reporting currency of the Company is the
U.S. dollar. The functional currency of the parent company and subsidiaries of Merchant Supreme and Prime Cheer is the U.S. dollar
and the functional currency of the Company s subsidiaries of Pingtan Guansheng, Fujian Heyue and Pingtan Fishing is the
Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ). For the subsidiaries of Pingtan Guansheng, Fujian Heyue and Pingtan Fishing, whose functional
currencies are the RMB, results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period, assets
and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period, and equity is translated at historical exchange
rates. As a result, amounts relating to assets and liabilities reported on the statements of cash flows may not necessarily agree
with the changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheets. Translation adjustments resulting from the process of translating
the local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in determining comprehensive income. The cumulative translation
adjustment and effect of exchange rate changes on cash for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $148,733, $(194,435)
and $3,032,812, respectively. Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the
exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into
the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date with any transaction gains and losses that
arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included
in the results of operations as incurred. 

All of the Company s revenue transactions
are transacted in the functional currency of the operating subsidiaries. The Company does not enter into any material transaction
in foreign currencies. Transaction gains or losses have not had, and are not expected to have, a material effect on the results
of operations of the Company. 

The foreign currency exchange rates were obtained
from www.oanda.com. Asset and liability accounts at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 were translated at 6.4907 RMB to $1.00
and at 6.1385 RMB to $1.00, respectively, which were the exchange rates on the balance sheet dates. Equity accounts were stated
at their historical rate. The average translation rates applied to the statements of income and comprehensive income for the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were 6.2175 RMB, 6.1432 RMB and 6.1412 RMB to $1.00, respectively. Cash flows from the
Company s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies using the average translation rate. 

Earnings per share  

ASC Topic 260  Earnings per Share, 
requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) with a reconciliation of the numerator
and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. Basic EPS excludes
dilution. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock
were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of
the entity. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Earnings per share (continued)  

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing
net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common
stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. Potentially dilutive common shares consist
of the common shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants (using the treasury stock method). Common stock equivalents
are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share if their effect would be anti-dilutive. The following table
presents a reconciliation of basic and diluted net income per share: 

At December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the warrants
to purchase 8,966,667 shares of ordinary stock have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share in order
to avoid any anti-dilutive effect. 

Non-controlling interest  

On February 15, 2015, China Agriculture invested
RMB 400 million (approximately $65 million) into Pingtan Fishing and acquired an 8% equity interest in Pingtan Fishing. As of
December 31, 2015, China Agriculture owned 8% of the equity interest of Pingtan Fishing, which was not under the Company s
control. 

Related parties  

Parties are considered to be related to the
Company if the parties, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with the Company. Related parties also include principal owners of the Company, its management, members of the immediate
families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal with if one party
controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting
parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The Company discloses all significant related party
transactions. Transactions are recorded at fair value of the goods or services exchanged, except for those under common control,
which are recorded at carrying value of the transferors. 

Comprehensive income  

Comprehensive income
is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders  equity, except those due to investments by
stockholders, changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders. For the Company, comprehensive income for the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 included net income and unrealized gain/loss from foreign currency translation adjustments. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Segment information  

ASC 280  Segment reporting  establishes
standards for reporting information on operating segments in interim and annual financial statements. All of the Company's operations
are considered by the chief operating decision maker to be aggregated in one reportable operating segment. All of the Company s
customers are in the PRC and all income is derived from ocean fishery.  

Commitments and
contingencies  

In the normal course of business, the Company
is subject to contingencies, including legal proceedings and environmental claims arising out of the normal course of businesses
that relate to a wide range of matters, including among others, contracts breach liability. The Company records accruals for such
contingencies based upon the assessment of the probability of occurrence and, where determinable, an estimate of the liability.
Management may consider many factors in making these assessments including past history, scientific evidence and the specifics
of each matter. 

The Company s management has evaluated
all such proceedings and claims that existed as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition
of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 

Concentrations of credit, economic and political risks  

The Company s operations are carried
out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by
the political, economic and legal environment in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC s economy. The Company s
operation in the PRC is subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North
America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environment and
foreign currency exchange. The Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions
in the PRC, and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency
conversion, remittances aboard, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

Financial instruments which potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and trade accounts receivable. All of the Company s
cash is maintained with state-owned banks within the PRC and Hong Kong, and none of these deposits are covered by insurance. The
Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in bank accounts.
A portion of the Company s sales are credit sales which are primarily to customers whose abilities to pay are dependent
upon the industry economics prevailing in these areas; however, concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivables
is limited due to generally short payment terms. The Company also performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers to help
further reduce credit risk. 

According to the sale agreement signed on
December 4, 2013, the Company does not own 20 fishing vessels but has the leased operating rights to operate these vessels which
are owned by a related company, Fuzhou Honglong Ocean Fishery Co., Ltd ( Hong Long ) and the Company is entitled to
100% of net profit (loss) of the vessels. The Company has latitude in establishing price and discretion in supplier selection.
There were no economic risks associated with the leased operating rights but the Company may need to bear the operation risks
and credit risks as aforementioned. 

117 of the Company s 135 vessels were
operating in Indonesian waters and significant portion of revenue was derived from them. Suspension of fishing operation in Indonesian
waters has had and will continue to have a significant negative impact on the Company. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Recent accounting pronouncements  

In August 2014,
FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties
About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ).  The guidance in ASU 2014-15
sets forth management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to
continue as a going concern as well as the related required disclosures. ASU 2014-15 indicates that, when preparing interim and
annual financial statements, management should evaluate whether conditions or events, in the aggregate, raise substantial doubt
about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date the financial statements are issued
or are available to be issued. This evaluation should include consideration of conditions and events that are either known or are
reasonably knowable at the date the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued, and, if applicable, whether
it is probable that management s plans to address the substantial doubt will be implemented and, if so, whether it is probable
that the plans will alleviate the substantial doubt. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15,
2016, and interim periods and annual periods thereafter. Early application is permitted.  The Company anticipates adopting
this update in the quarter ending March 31, 2017 and does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements.  

In February
2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis ( ASU 2015-02 ).
This ASU makes changes to the VIE model and voting interest ( VOE ) model consolidation guidance. The main provisions
of the ASU include the following: (i) adding a requirement that limited partnerships and similar legal entities must provide partners
with either substantive kick-out rights or substantive participating rights over the general partner to qualify as a VOE rather
than a VIE; (ii) eliminating the presumption that the general partner should consolidate a limited partnership; (iii) eliminating
certain conditions that need to be met when evaluating whether fees paid to a decision maker or service provider are considered
a variable interest; (iv) excluding certain fees paid to decision makers or service providers when evaluating which party is the
primary beneficiary of a VIE; and (v) revising how related parties are evaluated under the VIE guidance. Lastly, the ASU eliminates
the indefinite deferral of FAS 167, which allowed reporting entities with interests in certain investment funds to follow previous
guidance in FIN 46 (R). However, the ASU permanently exempts reporting entities from consolidating registered money market funds
that operate in accordance with Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act. The ASU is effective for annual periods and interim periods
within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Entities may apply this ASU either using a modified retrospective
approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning period of adoption or retrospectively to all
prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is also permitted provided that the ASU is applied from the
beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements.  

In June 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-10,  Technical Corrections
and Improvements  ( ASU 2015-10 ). The amendments in ASU 2015-10 cover a wide range of Topics in the Accounting
Standards Codification (the  ASC ). The amendments in ASU 2015-10 represent changes to clarify the ASC, correct unintended
application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the ASC that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting
practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. Additionally, some of the amendments will make the ASC easier
to understand and easier to apply by eliminating inconsistencies, providing needed clarifications, and improving the presentation
of guidance in the ASC. Transition guidance varies based on the amendments in ASU 2015-10. The amendments in ASU 2015-10 that require
transition guidance are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. All other amendments will be effective
upon the issuance of ASU 2015-10. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  ( ASU 2015-11 ). The
amendments in this update require an entity to measure inventory within the scope of ASU 2015-11 (the amendments in ASU 2015-11
do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all
other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out or average cost) at the lower of cost and
net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is uncharged for inventory measured using
last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. The amendments in ASU 2015-11 more closely align the measurement of inventory
in U.S. GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ). ASU 2015-11
is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. The amendments in ASU 2015-11 should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the
beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on
the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers the effective
date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee
benefit plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The adoption of this guidance is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(continued)  

Recent accounting pronouncements
(continued)  

In February
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic ASC 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ). The guidance in ASU 2016-02 supersedes
the lease recognition requirements in ASC Topic 840, Leases. ASU 2016-02 sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e. lessees and lessors). This update requires lessees to
apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease
is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based
on an effective interest method or on a straight line basis over the term of the lease, respectively. A lessee is also required
to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification.
Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. This update
requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases,
direct financing leases and operating leases. The standard is effective on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The
Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this new guidance.  

NOTE 4    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, accounts receivable consisted of
the following: 

The Company reviews the accounts receivable
on a periodic basis and makes general and specific allowance when there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balance. 

NOTE 5 -  INVENTORIES  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, inventories consisted of the following: 

An allowance is established when management
determines that certain inventories may not be saleable. If inventory costs exceed expected market value due to obsolescence or
quantities in excess of expected demand, the Company will record reserve for the difference between the cost and the market value.
These reserves are recorded based on estimates.  

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 6    ADVANCES TO
SUPPLIERS  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, advances to
suppliers consisted of the following: 

(1)    According to related signed agreement, the Company has the right to receive refund for these prepayments if
the  situation of demands and supplies
changes.      

NOTE 7    OTHER RECEIVABLES  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, other receivables
consisted of the following: 

In June 2014, Pingtan Fishing entered into
three commercial retail space purchase agreements with third parties property developers in order to purchase retail space located
in Hubei and Anhui provinces, China. As of December 31, 2014, Pingtan Fishing made total payments of $22,488,003. The Company
planned to use these commercial retail spaces for market expansion in the fishery product markets in central and western areas
of PRC in order to capture more sales directly to final customers. In January 2015, the purchase agreements were withdrawn and
the prepayments were refunded in full to Pingtan Fishing. 

NOTE 8    COST METHOD INVESTMENT   

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, cost method
investment amounted to $3,235,398 and $3,421,031, respectively. The investment represents the Company s subsidiary, Pingtan
Fishing s minority interest in Fujian Pingtan Rural-Commercial Bank Joint-Stock Co., Ltd. ( Pingtan Rural-Commercial
Bank  ), a private financial institution. Pingtan Fishing completed its registration as a shareholder on October 17,
2012 and paid RMB 21 million (approximately $3.2 million) to subscribe 5% of the common stock of Pingtan Rural-Commercial Bank.
Pingtan Fishing held 15,113,250 shares and accounted for 4.8 % investment in the total equity investment of the bank as of December
31, 2015 and 2014. These shares were as collateral for the Company s long term loan amounting to nil and $2.3 million at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

In according to ASC 325, the Company uses
the cost method of accounting to record its investment since Pingtan Fishing does not have the ability to exercise significant
influence over the operating and financing activities of Pingtan Rural-Commercial Bank. Long-term investment for which there are
no quoted market prices, a reasonable estimate of fair value could not be made without incurring excessive costs. The Company
monitors its investment in the non-marketable security and will recognize, if ever existing, a loss in value which is deemed to
be other than temporary. The Company determined that there was no impairment on this investment as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS) 

NOTE 9    EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENT

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, equity method
investment amounted to $30,486,314 and $15,964,812, respectively. The investment represents the Company s subsidiary, Pingtan
Fishing s interest in Global Deep Ocean. On June 12, 2014, Pingtan Fishing incorporated Global Deep Ocean with other two
unrelated companies in PRC. Pingtan Fishing and the other two investing companies accounted for 35%, 29% and 36% of the total
ownership, respectively. Total registered capital of Global Deep Ocean is RMB 1 billion (approximately $154.1 million) and Pingtan
Fishing needs to contribute RMB 350 million (approximately $53.9 million). As of September 30, 2015, Pingtan Fishing has contributed
RMB 348 million (approximately $53.6 million). No company holds 50% or more of the total shares. Global Deep Ocean will process,
cold storage, and transport deep ocean fishing products.  

 The Company transferred 15% (RMB 150 million,
approximately $23.1 million) of the total ownership in Global Deep Ocean to one of the other shareholders of Global Deep Ocean
in December 2015. In the second half of December 2015, the Company received RMB 50 million (approximately $7.7 million) from the
transferee. As of December 31, 2015, the receivable resulting from the 15% ownership transfer amounted to $15,406,659 (RMB 100
million) which is included in receivable from transferring equity method investment shares on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. As a result of this transfer, the Company and the other two investing companies accounted for 20%, 44% and 36% of the
total ownership, respectively. All of the three investing companies hold less than 50% of the total shares. The Company needs
to contribute RMB 200 million (approximately $30.8 million), and as of December 31, 2015, the Company has contributed RMB 198
million (approximately $30.5 million). 

 The Company treats the equity investment in
the consolidated financial statements under the equity method. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at
cost, adjusted for any excess of the Company s share of the incorporated-date fair values of the investee s identifiable
net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post incorporation change
in the Company s share of the investee s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment. For the years
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company s share of Global Deep Ocean s net loss was $19,700 and $0, respectively,
which was included in loss on equity method investment in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive
income. 

  The
tables below present the summarized financial information, as provided to the Company by the investee, for the unconsolidated
company:   

NOTE 10    PREPAYMENT
FOR LONG-TERM ASSETS   

 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, prepayment
for long-term assets consisted of the following: 

NOTE 11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND
EQUIPMENT   

 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, property, plant
and equipment consisted of the following:  

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(continued)  

For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013, depreciation expense amounted to $6,353,055, $6,017,886 and $2,394,692, respectively, of which $6,120,248, $5,988,845
and $2,368,010, respectively, was included in cost of revenue and inventories, and the remainder was included in general and administrative
expense, respectively. 

The vessels under construction are not subject
to depreciation. Upon completion of the construction, fishing vessels under construction balances will be reclassified to fishing
vessels. 

On June 26, 2015, the Company acquired 6 fishing
vessels for the appraised fair market value of approximately $56.2 million from Fuzhou Yishun Deep-Sea Fishing Co., Ltd. ( Yishun )
and Fuzhou Honglong Ocean Fishery Co., Ltd. ( Hong Long ), two related parties under common control. Accordingly,
the transaction between the Company and these two related parties was accounted as a common control transaction pursuant to ASC
805-50 and it related subsections. Based on Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805-50, the Company recorded
the value of $0 as the cost of the vessels since the 6 vessels had been fully depreciated in Hong Long and Yishun s books
at the date of transfer. The balance of approximately $56.2 million above cost was treated as a return of capital in the equity
accounts and was recorded as a reduction in additional paid-in capital. 

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company
had 28 and 33 fishing vessels with net carrying amount of approximately $22.3 million and $28.6 million, respectively, pledged
as collateral for its bank loans. 

NOTE 12    RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS  

Prepaid expenses   related parties  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, prepaid expenses
  related parties consisted of the following: 

(1)  PT. Avona Mina Lestari is an
                                         affiliate company controlled by Xinrong Zhuo family.   

(2)  Hai Yi Shipping Limited is an
                                         affiliate company ultimately controlled by Xinrong Zhuo, CEO of the Company.   

(3)  Haifeng Dafu Enterprise Company
                                         Limited is an affiliate company ultimately controlled by Xinrong Zhuo, CEO of the Company.   

(4)  Hong Fa Shipping Limited is an
                                         affiliate company owned by Xinrong Zhuo, CEO of the Company.   

(5)  PT Dwikarya Reksa Abadi is an
                                         affiliated company controlled by Xinrong Zhuo family.   

Deferred expenses   related parties  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, deferred expenses
  related parties consisted of the following: 

(1)  Hong Long is an affiliate company
                                         majority owned and controlled by Ping Lin, spouse of the Company s CEO.   

PT. Avona Mina Lestari and Hong Long act as
agents to apply fishing licenses for the Company and pay the related fishing licenses application fees on behalf of the Company.
Therefore, the Company either prepays or reimburses them for fishing licenses application fees paid on behalf of the Company. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 12    RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS
(continued)  

Other receivable   related parties

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, other receivable
  related parties consisted of the following: 

(1)  Zhiyan Lin is a shareholder and
                                         legal representative of Pingtan Fishing.   

(2)  Honghong Zhuo is daughter of
                                         Xinrong Zhuo.   

In connection with the termination of VIE
structure and to comply with PRC regulation, the Company paid RMB 83 million (approximately $12.8 million) in total, which is
Pingtan Fishing s registered capital, to Pingtan Fishing s Shareholders to transfer their 100% of equity interest
of Pingtan Fishing to Fujian Heyue, the Company s subsidiary pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreement dated February 9,
2015. Those payments will be returned in full to the Company within one year. 

Accounts payable - related party  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, accounts payable
- related party consisted of the following: 

These accounts payable   related party
amount are short-term in nature, non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on demand. 

Due to related parties  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the due to
related parties amount consisted of the following: 

These advances are short-term in nature, non-interest
bearing, unsecured and payable on demand. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 12    RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS
(continued)  

Sales to related party  

During the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013, sales to related party were as follows: 

(1)  Shenzhen Western Coast Fisherman
                                         Pier Co., Ltd. is an affiliate company owned by Xinrong Zhuo, the Company s CEO.   

Purchases from related parties  

During the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013, purchases from related parties were as follows: 

(1)  PT. Avona Mina Lestari and PT. Dwikarya Reksa Abadi act as
                                         Pingtan Fishing s agents to apply and renew Indonesia fishing licenses and Pingtan
                                         Fishing pays the agent service fees to them.   

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 12    RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS
(continued)  

Purchases from related parties (continued)  

On June 26, 2015, the Company entered into a
master agreement with each of Fuzhou Honglong Ocean Fishery Co., Ltd, ( Hong Long ) and Fuzhou Yishun Deep-Sea Fishing
Co., Ltd. ( Yishun ), which are owned by the Company s controlling shareholder and Chairman and CEO, Mr. Xinrong
Zhuo, for the acquisition of 6 fishing vessels with total consideration of approximately $56.2 million representing the fair market
value on the date of acquisition. The transaction between the Company and these two related companies was accounted as common control
transaction. Based on Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805-50, the Company recorded the value of $0 as the
cost of the vessels since the 6 vessels had been fully depreciated in Hong Long and Yishun s books at the date of transfer.
The balance of approximately $56.2 million above cost was treated as a return of capital in the equity accounts and was recorded
as a reduction in additional paid-in capital. 

Operating lease  

On July 31, 2012, the Company entered into
a lease for office space with Ping Lin, spouse of the Company s CEO, (the  Office Lease ). Pursuant to the Office
Lease, annual payments of RMB 84,000 (approximately $13,500) were due for each year of the term. The term of the Office Lease
was 3 years and expired on August 1, 2015. On August 1, 2015, the Company renewed the Office Lease. Pursuant to the renewed Office
Lease, the annual rent is RMB 84,000 (approximately $13,500). The term of the renewed Office Lease is 1 year and expires on August
1, 2016. 

For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013, rent expense related to the Office Lease amounted $13,510, $13,674 and $13,678, respectively. 

Future minimum rental payment required under the Office Lease is
as follows: 

Rental and related administrative service
agreement  

On July 1, 2013, the Company entered into
a service agreement with Hai Yi Shipping Limited that provided the Company a portion of use of premises located in Hong Kong as
office and provided related administrative service (the  Service Agreement ). Pursuant to the Service Agreement, monthly
payments of Hong Kong Dollar ( HK$ ) HK$298,500 (approximately $38,500) were due for each month of the term. The term
of the Service Agreement was 1.5 years and expired on December 31, 2014. The Company renewed the Service Agreement. Pursuant to
the renewed Service Agreement, the monthly payments are HK$298,500 (approximately $38,500) and the renewed Service Agreement expires
on December 31, 2016. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, rent expense and corresponding administrative service
charge related to the Service Agreement amounted to $462,387, $461,934 and $230,903, respectively. 

Future minimum rental and related administrative service charge
payment required under the Service Agreement is as follows: 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS) 

NOTE 13    BANK LOANS  

Short-term bank loans  

Short-term bank loans represent the amounts
due to various banks that are due within one year. These loans can be renewed with the banks upon maturities. At December 31,
2015 and 2014, short-term bank loans consisted of the following: 

(1)  Represents six-month LIBOR rate
                                         on the loan commencement date.   

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 13    BANK LOANS (continued)  

Long-term bank loans  

Long-term bank loans represent the amounts
due to various banks lasting over one year. Usually, the long-term bank loans cannot be renewed with these banks upon maturities.
At December 31, 2015 and 2014, long-term bank loans consisted of the following: 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS) 

NOTE 13    BANK LOANS (continued)  

Long-term bank loans (continued)  

The future maturities of long-term bank loans are as follows: 

The weighted average interest rate for short-term
bank loans was approximately 3.2%, 3.6% and 8.7%for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

The weighted average interest rate for long-term
bank loans was approximately 5.7%, 6.8% and 6.8% for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013, interest expense related to bank loans amounted to $3,630,200, $5,652,572 and $4,396,285, respectively, of which, $0,
$836,902 and $1,094,589 was capitalized to construction-in-progress, respectively. 

NOTE 14    ACCRUED LIABILITIES AND OTHER PAYABLES  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, accrued liabilities and other payables
consisted of the following: 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 15    SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Warrants  

An aggregate of 30,329,883 ordinary shares
and 3,966,667 warrants were originally issued by CGEI to Chum Capital Group Limited, in connection with a private placement prior
to CGEI s initial public offering, and that became exercisable for the Company s ordinary shares beginning on March
27, 2013 (the  Sponsor Warrants ). The Sponsor Warrants have been registered for resale by the selling security-holders
under Form S-3 filed on June 17, 2013 and declared effective on June 19, 2013. On June 2, 2011, the Company sold 5,000,000 units,
at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $50,000,000. Each unit consists of one ordinary share, $0.001
par value, of the Company and one purchase warrant. Each warrant will entitle the holder to purchase from the Company one ordinary
share at an exercise price of $12.00 commencing upon the completion of a business combination and expiring five years from the
consummation of a business combination. The Company also registered an aggregate of 8,966,667 ordinary shares that are issuable
by the Company upon exercise of the 3,966,667 Sponsor Warrants and 5,000,000 warrants that were issued in the CGEI s initial
public offering (the  Public Warrants ) and that became exercisable upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 24, 2012, between CGEI, CDGC, China Growth Dredging Sub Ltd.
and Xinrong Zhuo and by that certain Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2012, between CGEI and Merchant Supreme. 

Each Public Warrants and Sponsor Warrant (the
 Warrants ) entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase one of the Company s ordinary shares upon payment
of the exercise price of $12.00 per share. 

The Sponsor Warrants are identical to the
Public Warrants except that the Sponsor Warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option,
and will not be redeemable by the Company, in each case so long as they are still held by these purchases or their transferees. 

In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company
accounted for the Warrants as equity instruments. 

There were no stock warrants issued, expired/terminated/forfeited,
exercised during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

The following table summarizes the shares
of the Company s ordinary stock issuable upon exercise of warrants outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2015: 

Statutory reserve  

Pingtan Guansheng, Fujian Heyue, Pingtan Fishing,
Pingtan Dingxin, Pingtan Duoying and Pingtan Ruiying operate in the PRC, are required to reserve 10% of their net profits after
income tax, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting rules and regulations. Appropriation to the statutory reserve
by the Company is based on profit arrived at under PRC accounting standards for business enterprises for each year. The statutory
reserves of the Company represent the statutory reserves of the above-mentioned companies as required under the PRC law. 

The profit arrived at must be set off against
any accumulated losses sustained by the Company in prior years, before allocation is made to the statutory reserve. Appropriation
to the statutory reserve must be made before distribution of dividends to shareholders. The appropriation is required until the
statutory reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital. This statutory reserve is not distributable in the form of cash dividends. 

Pingtan Guansheng, Pingtan Dingxin, Pingtan
Duoying and Pingtan Ruiying had sustained losses since their establishments. Therefore, no appropriation of net profits to the
statutory reserves was required. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 15    SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (continued)  

Statutory reserve (continued)  

For the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014, statutory reserve activities for Pingtan Fishing and Fujian Heyue were as follows:  

NOTE 16    CERTAIN
RISKS AND CONCENTRATIONS  

Credit risk  

At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company s
cash included bank deposits in accounts maintained within the PRC and Hong Kong where there are currently no rules or regulations
in place for obligatory insurance to cover bank deposits in event of bank failure. However, the Company does not experience any
losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant risks on its cash in bank accounts. 

Major customers  

No customer accounted for 10% or more of the
Company s sales during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. 

Major suppliers  

The following table sets forth information
as to each supplier that accounted for 10% or more of the Company s purchases for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013. 

* less than 10% 

NOTE 17    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Severance payments  

The Company has employment agreements with
certain employees that provided severance payments upon termination of employment under certain circumstances, as defined in the
applicable agreements. The Company has estimated its possible severance payments of approximately $10,000 as of December 31, 2015
and 2014, which have not been reflected in its consolidated financial statements. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 17    COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES (continued)  

Class action  

On
January 14, 2015, a purported class action was filed by Paul Fila, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated,
against the Company and certain of its executive officers and directors in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of
New York.   As with any litigation proceeding, the Company
cannot predict with certainty the eventual outcome of any outstanding legal actions. The Company expects to incur expenses in
connection with the defense of this lawsuit, and it may have to pay damages or settlement costs in connection with any resolution
thereof.  

Operating lease  

See note 12 for related party operating lease
commitment. 

Rental payment and related administrative
service charge  

See note 12 for related party rental and related
administrative service agreement commitment. 

Equity investment commitment   

On June 12, 2014, Pingtan Fishing incorporated
an equity investment with two companies for the fishery processing purpose. Total registered capital of the equity investment
is approximately $154.1 million (RMB 1 billion) and Pingtan Fishing accounted for 35% of the total ownership. Accordingly, Pingtan
Fishing has the obligation to contribute approximately $53.9 million (RMB 350 million) as the equity investment s registered
capital. In the fourth quarter of 2015, Pingtan fishing transferred 15% of the total ownership to a third party. Therefore, Pingtan
Fishing has the obligation to contribute approximately $30.8 million (RMB 200 million) as the equity investment s registered
capital. As of December 31, 2015, the Pingtan Fishing has contributed approximately $30.5 million (RMB 198 million) as registered
capital that was recorded as equity method investment on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Pingtan Fishing intends
to use its present working capital together with bank loans to fund the project cost.  

NOTE 18    CONDENSED PARENT COMPANY
FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

The condensed parent company financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04, Schedule I of Regulation S-X as the restricted net assets of the Company s
China-based operating subsidiaries  and VIE s exceed 25% of the consolidated net assets of Pingtan Marine Enterprise
Ltd. 

The condensed parent company financial statements
have been prepared using the same accounting principles and policies described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements,
with the only exception being that the parent company accounts for its subsidiaries and VIEs using the equity method. Refer to
the consolidated financial statements and notes presented above for additional information and disclosures with respect to these
financial statements. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 18    CONDENSED PARENT COMPANY
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 18    CONDENSED PARENT COMPANY
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

PINGTAN
    MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD.  
 
     Condensed
    Parent Company Statements of Operations  

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS)  

NOTE 18    CONDENSED PARENT COMPANY
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

PINGTAN
    MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD.  
 
     Condensed
    Parent Company Statements of Cash Flows  

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS) 

NOTE 18    CONDENSED PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(continued)  

Notes to the Condensed Parent Company Financial
Statements 

Note 1. Basis of Preparation 

The condensed financial information of the
Company has been prepared using the same accounting policies as set out in the Group s consolidated financial statements
except that the Company used the equity method to account for investments in its subsidiaries and VIEs. 

Note 2. Investments in Subsidiaries and VIEs 

The Company and its subsidiaries and variable
interest entities were included in the consolidated financial statements where the inter-company balances and transactions were
eliminated upon consolidation. For purpose of the Company s stand-alone financial statements, its investments in subsidiaries
and variable interest entities were reported using the equity method of accounting. The Company s share of income and losses
from its subsidiaries and variable interest entities were reported as equity in earnings of subsidiaries and variable interest
entities in the accompanying parent company financial statements. 

Note 3. Retained Earnings 

The retained earnings in the Company s
stand-alone financial statements do not represent the distributable earnings of the Group as it includes the statutory reserve
of its subsidiaries and VIEs in PRC of $9,391,827 and $6,412,892 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

NOTE 19 -  SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
DATA (UNAUDITED)  

Set forth below is the unaudited selected
quarterly financial data. We believe that all necessary adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, have been
included in the amounts stated below to present fairly, and in accordance with GAAP, the unaudited selected quarterly financial
data when read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements (in thousands, except share and per share data). The
sum of the quarterly net income per share amounts do not necessarily equal the annual amount reported, as per share amounts are
computed independently for each quarter and the annual period based on the weighted average common shares outstanding in each
period. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period. 

PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(IN U.S. DOLLARS) 

NOTE 20    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On February 11, 2016, the Company repaid short-term
bank loan of $7,000,000 to China Development Bank in according to loan repayment schedule. 

On July 1, 2013, the Company entered into
a service agreement with Hai Yi Shipping Limited that provided it a portion of use of premises located in Hong Kong as office
and provided related administrative service (the  Service Agreement ). On January 1, 2016, the Company renewed the
Service Agreement. Pursuant to the renewed Service Agreement, the monthly payments are HK$298,500 (approximately $38,500) and
the renewed Service Agreement expires on December 31, 2016. 

In December 2015, the Company transferred 15% (RMB
150 million, approximately $23.1 million) of the total ownership in Global Deep Ocean to one of the other shareholders of
Global Deep Ocean (See note 9). In the second half of December 2015, the Company received RMB 50 million (approximately $7.7
million) and in January and February 2016, the Company received RMB 100 million (approximately $15.4 million), from the
transferee. The subsequent collections made as follows: 

On
February 3, 2016, one of the Company s suppliers, Fujian Ninghai Investment Limited Liability Company ( Fujian Ninghai )
assigned certain advances from Fujian Heyue for fish goods amounting to $31,900,549 to Qingdao Zhongtai Oean Fishing Limited Liability
Company ( Qingdao Zhongtai ). In connection with this assignment, the Company and Fujian Ninghai and Qingdao Zhongtai
entered into a Three-party Agreement. According to the Three-party Agreement, Fujian Ninghai assigned all of its interest to Qingdao
Zhongtai and Fujian Heyue has the right to receive refund for the advances if the situation of demands and supplies changes. As
an exchange, Qingdao Zhongtai will assume corresponding obligations arising under the assignment agreement.  

F-36  

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2015a1ex23i_pingtan.htm
 CONSENT OF BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP

Exhibit
23.1   

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-188007 on Form S-3 of our reports dated
March 9, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Limited, its subsidiary, and its
variable interest entities (the  VIEs ) (collectively the  Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Limited
for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015.  

/s/
BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP  

Beijing,
China  

 October 
6, 2016  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 f10k2015a1ex23ii_pingtan.htm
 CONSENT OF UHY VOCATION HK CPA LIMITED

Exhibit
23.2   

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Amendment no. 2 to Registration Statement Form S-3 (file No. 333-188007)
and appearing on Form 8K/A (amendment #1) of our reports dated March 7, 2014, except for Note 1, Note 2, Note 3, Note 9, Note
13 and Note 23, as to which the date is November 10, 2014, with respect to the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
income, stockholders equity and cash flows of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. as of December 31, 2013.  

/s/
UHY VOCATION HK CPA LIMITED  

Hong
Kong, the People s Republic of China  

 October 6, 2016 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2015a1ex31i_pingtan.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
Xinrong Zhuo, certify that:  

1.  
      I have reviewed
    this report on Form 10-K/A of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd.; and   

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report.   

/s/
    XINRONG ZHUO  

Xinrong
    Zhuo  

Chief
    Executive Officer  

October 
    6, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2015a1ex31ii_pingtan.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
Roy Yu, certify that:  

1.  
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K/A of Pingtan
Marine Enterprise Ltd.; and   

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 f10k2015a1ex32_pingtan.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Annual Report of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-K/A for the year
ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the
undersigned in their respective capacities as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
the Registrant, each hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of thier knowledge:  

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Registrant.x   

Date:
    October  6, 2016  
      /s/
    Xinrong Zhuo   

Xinrong
        Zhuo 
        Chairman of the Board and  
          Chief
        Executive Officer    

Date:
    October  6, 2016  
      /s/
Roy Yu   

Roy
    Yu 
    Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32>

