<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1457612_0001457612-16-000082_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5002166</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>719165</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>242050</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1802358</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1490971</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>619018</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001457612-16-000082.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104081140
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001457612-16-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001457612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				510596811
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36289
		FILM NUMBER:		161973680

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 ACORN PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02140
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-876-8191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 ACORN PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02140

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090304

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001457612-16-000082.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 gnca-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, DC 20549 
  _______________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  _______________________________________________________ 
  (Mark One) 
  x          QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 
                TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from              to             
    
  Commission File Number: 001-36289 
   _______________________________________________________ 
  Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
  _______________________________________________________ 
                   Delaware 
      
    51-0596811 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    (IRS Employer 
  Identification No.) 

100 Acorn Park Drive 

Cambridge, Massachusetts 
      
    02140 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(617) 876-8191 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
  _______________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes      x    No       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes     x    No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
    x 
      Non-accelerated filer 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes          No     x 
  As of   November 2, 2016  , there were   28,381,959   shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, our clinical results and other future conditions. The words  anticipate ,  believe ,  contemplate ,  continue ,  could ,  estimate ,  expect ,  forecast ,  goal ,  intend ,  may ,  plan ,  potential ,  predict ,  project ,  should ,  target ,  will ,  would , or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 
    
  Any forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect our current views with respect to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including the following: 

the timing of results of our ongoing and planned clinical trials; 
                
    our planned clinical trials for GEN-003; 
                
    our estimates regarding the amount of funds we require to complete our clinical trials for GEN-003 and to continue our investments in immuno-oncology; 
                
    our estimate for when we will require additional funding; 
                
    our plans to commercialize GEN-003 and our other vaccine candidates; 
                
    the timing of, and our ability to, obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our product candidates; 
                
    the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of any approved product candidate; 
                
       the potential benefits of strategic partnership agreements and our ability to enter into strategic partnership arrangements; 
                
    our ability to quickly and efficiently identify and develop product candidates; 
                
    our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; 
                
    our intellectual property position; and 
                
    our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements, the sufficiency of our current and expected cash resources and our need for additional financing. 
       
  Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
    
  Information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained any industry, business, market or other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. 

2 

Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  Form 10-Q 
  For the Quarter Ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    4 
       Item 1.  
      
     Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 
       Item 2.  
      
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 
       Item 3.  
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    30 
       Item 4.  
      
     Controls and Procedures  
    30 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
    31 
       Item 1  
      
     Legal Proceedings  
    31 
       Item 1A.  
      
     Risk Factors  
    31 
       Item 6.  
      
     Exhibits  
    31 

3 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.                   Financial Statements 

Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands)   

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (unaudited) 

1. Organization and operations 
    
  The Company 
    
  Genocea Biosciences, Inc. (the  Company ) is a biopharmaceutical company that was incorporated in Delaware on August 16, 2006 and has a principal place of business in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The Company seeks to discover and develop novel vaccines and immunotherapies to address diseases with significant unmet needs. The Company s development pipeline consists of candidates discovered using ATLAS   TM   , a proprietary discovery platform which enables the identification of clinically relevant T cell antigens for novel vaccines and immunotherapies targeting infectious disease and oncology applications. ATLAS is used to rapidly design vaccines and immunotherapies that act, in part, through T cell (or cellular) immune responses, in contrast to approved vaccines and immunotherapies, which are designed to act primarily through B cell (or antibody) immune responses. The Company believes that by harnessing T cells, first-in-class vaccines and immunotherapies can be developed to address diseases where T cells are central to the control of the disease. 
    
  The Company has   one   product candidate in active Phase 2 clinical development, GEN-003, an immunotherapy for the treatment of genital herpes. The Company also has, in GEN-004, a Phase 2-ready universal vaccine for the prevention of pneumococcal infections. Although internal development of GEN-004 has been suspended, the Company is currently seeking partners to advance GEN-004 into a Phase 1/2 clinical trial targeting toddler and infant populations. In November 2016, the Company announced its intention to focus all near-term research and pre-clinical resources to accelerate its progress in immuno-oncology, specifically cancer vaccines. As a result of this decision, it has paused all work on early stage infectious disease programs in genital herpes, chlamydia, and malaria. Progress made and data generated to date in these infectious disease research programs remains valuable to Genocea for the future. 
    
  The Company is devoting substantially all of its efforts to product research and development, initial market development, and raising capital. The Company has not generated any product revenue related to its primary business purpose to date and is subject to a number of risks similar to those of other clinical stage companies, including dependence on key individuals, competition from other companies, the need for and related uncertainty associated with the development of commercially viable products, and the need to obtain adequate additional financing to fund the development of its product candidates. The Company is also subject to a number of risks similar to other companies in the life sciences industry, including regulatory approval of products, uncertainty of market acceptance of products, competition from substitute products and larger companies, the need to obtain additional financing, compliance with government regulations, protection of proprietary technology, dependence on third parties, product liability, and dependence on key individuals. 
    
  Liquidity 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately   $191.4 million  . The Company had cash, cash equivalents and investments of   $75.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  . On the basis of current operating plans, including the plan to focus research investments on immuno-oncology and the planned commencement of Phase 3 trials for GEN-003 in the second half of 2017, it expects that these funds will be sufficient to fund operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the first quarter of 2018, without assuming any receipt of proceeds from potential business development partnerships, equity financings or debt drawdowns. 
    
  At-the-market equity offering program 
    
  On March 2, 2015, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC (the "Sales Agreement") to establish an at-the-market equity offering program ( ATM ) pursuant to which it was able to offer and sell up to   $40 million   of its Common Stock at prevailing market prices from time to time. On May 8, 2015, the Sales Agreement was amended to increase the offering amount under the ATM to   $50 million   of its Common Stock. In April 2016, the Company sold   136 thousand   shares and received   $0.8 million   in net proceeds after deducting commissions. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were   no   additional ATM sales.  

2. Summary of significant accounting policies 
    
  Basis of presentation and use of estimates 

7 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions of Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) and Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the Company s annual financial statements have been condensed or omitted. These interim condensed financial statements, in the opinion of management, reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position as of   September 30, 2016   and results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full fiscal year. These interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and the notes thereto which are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016. 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis, the Company s management evaluates its estimates, which include, but are not limited to, estimates related to prepaid and accrued research and development expenses, stock-based compensation expense and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and other market-specific or other relevant assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from those estimates or assumptions. 
    
  Cash, cash equivalents and investments  
       
  The Company determines the appropriate classification of its investments at the time of purchase. All liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less from the purchase date are considered to be cash equivalents. The Company s current and non-current investments are comprised of certificates of deposit and government agency securities that are classified as available-for-sale in accordance with ASC 320, Investments Debt and Equity Securities. The Company classifies investments available to fund current operations as current assets on its balance sheets. Investments are classified as non-current assets on the balance sheets if (i) the Company has the intent and ability to hold the investments for a period of at least one year and (ii) the contractual maturity date of the investments is greater than one year.  
       
  Available-for-sale investments are recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains or losses included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company s balance sheets. Realized gains and losses are determined using the specific identification method and are included as a component of Interest income or Interest expense, respectively. There were no realized gains or losses recognized for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
       
  The Company reviews investments for other-than-temporary impairment whenever the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost and evidence indicates that an investment s carrying amount is not recoverable within a reasonable period of time. To determine whether an impairment is other-than-temporary, the Company considers its intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investment before recovery of the investment s amortized cost basis. Evidence considered in this assessment includes reasons for the impairment, the severity and the duration of the impairment and changes in value subsequent to period end. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no investments with a fair value that was significantly lower than the amortized cost basis or any investments that had been in an unrealized loss position for a significant period.  
           
  Fair value of financial instruments 
    
  The Company is required to disclose information on all assets and liabilities reported at fair value that enables an assessment of the inputs used in determining the reported fair values. ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures  , established a hierarchy of inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the financial instrument based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the financial instrument and are developed based on the best information available under the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy applies only to the valuation inputs used in determining the reported or disclosed fair value of the financial instruments and is not a measure of the investment credit quality. Fair value measurements are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

8 

Level 1 Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 
                
    Level 2 Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 
                
    Level 3 Valuations that require inputs that reflect the Company s own assumptions that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 
       
  To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
    
  Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis include cash equivalents and investments (Note 3). The Company is also required to disclose the fair value of financial instruments not carried at fair value. The fair value of the Company s debt (Note 4) is determined using current applicable rates for similar instruments as of the balance sheet dates and an assessment of the credit rating of the Company. The carrying value of the Company s debt approximates fair value because the Company s interest rate yield is near current market rates for comparable debt instruments. The Company s debt is considered a Level 3 liability within the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no transfers among Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 categories. Additionally, there were no changes to the valuation methods utilized by the Company during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Recently adopted accounting standards 
                          Standard 
      
    Description 
      
    Effect on the financial statements 
      ASU 2016-09, 
  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718) 
      
    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, which provides for improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. The areas for simplification in this update involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. 
    
  ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016.  

The Company early adopted ASU 2016-09 as of June 30, 2016. In connection with the early adoption, the Company elected an accounting policy to record forfeitures as they occur. There was no financial statement impact upon adoption as the Company had estimated a forfeiture rate of zero given that most options awards vest on a monthly basis. ASU 2016-09 also provides that companies no longer record excess tax benefits or certain tax deficiencies in additional paid-in capital (APIC). Instead, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies are recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. There was no financial statement impact of adopting this provision of the ASU as the Company is in a net operating loss (NOL) position and all excess tax benefits that exist from options previously exercised require a full valuation allowance. As such, the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the financial statements. 
    
  For the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, the Company did not record an income statement benefit for excess tax benefits as a valuation allowance is also required on these amounts.  

9 

Recently issued accounting standards 
    
                       Standard 
      
    Description 
      
    Effect on the financial statements 
      ASU 2014-09, 
     Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  

The standard will replace existing revenue recognition standards and significantly expand the disclosure requirements for revenue arrangements. It may be adopted either retrospectively or on a modified retrospective basis to new contracts and existing contracts with remaining performance obligations as of the effective date.  
    
  In July 2015, the FASB affirmed its proposal to defer the effective date of the new revenue standard for all entities by one year.  As a result, public business entities will be required to apply the new revenue standard to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The standard will become effective for us on January 1, 2018 (the first quarter of our 2018 fiscal year).  
      
    At this time, the Company has not decided on which method it will use to adopt the new standard, nor has it determined the effects of the new guidelines on its results of operations and financial position as the Company does not currently have any arrangements that would be impacted by the new standard. As a result, the Company is continuing to evaluate the method of adoption and the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
      ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) 
      
    In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. The standard requires an evaluation of whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued.  
    
  ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016.  

Management has evaluated ASU 2014-15 and believes it could have an impact on the Company s financial statement disclosures in future reporting periods.  Refer to the Liquidity section in Footnote 1 for further details regarding the Company s liquidity. 
      ASU 2016-02, 
   Leases (Topic 842) 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which replaces the existing lease accounting standards.  
    
  The new standard requires a dual approach for lessee accounting under which a lessee would account for leases as finance (also referred to as capital) leases or operating leases. Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability. For finance leases the lessee would recognize interest expense and amortization of the right-of-use asset and for operating leases the lessee would recognize straight-line total lease expense. 
    
  ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  

The Company generally does not finance purchases of equipment but it does lease office and lab facilities. The Company is in the process of evaluating the effect that this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

3. Cash, cash equivalents and investments 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , cash, cash equivalents, and investments comprised funds in depository, money market accounts, U.S. treasuries, and FDIC insured certificates of deposit.  
    
  The following table presents the cash equivalents and investments carried at fair value in accordance with the hierarchy defined in Note 2 (in thousands):  
  
   10 

Cash equivalents and investments are valued using third party pricing services or other market observable data. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income-based and market-based approaches and observable market inputs to determine value.  
    
  Investments at   September 30, 2016   consist of the following (in thousands): 

4.  Long-term debt 
    
  On November 20, 2014 (the "Closing Date"), the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc. ( Hercules ), which provided up to   $27.0 million   in debt financing in   three   separate tranches (the  2014 Term Loan ). The first tranche of   $17.0 million   was available through June 30, 2015, of which   $12.0 million   was drawn down at loan inception and for which approximately   $9.8 million   of the proceeds were used to repay all outstanding indebtedness under the previously existing   $10.0 million   loan agreement (the "2013 Term Loan"). The option to draw down the remaining   $5.0 million   under the first tranche expired unused on June 30, 2015. The second tranche of   $5.0 million   was subject to certain eligibility requirements which were achieved as of June 30, 2015 and the Company had the option to draw down the second tranche on or prior to December 15, 2015. The second tranche expired unused on December 15, 2015. The Company was not eligible to draw down the third tranche of   $5.0 million   because the Company did not achieve positive results in its Phase 2a human challenge study of GEN-004. 
    
  In December 2015, the Company amended the Loan Agreement (the "First Amendment") with Hercules. The First Amendment required the Company to draw an additional   $5.0 million   and permits the Company to draw   two   additional   $5.0 million   tranches. One   $5.0 million   tranche is immediately available to draw through December 15, 2016 and a second   $5.0 million   tranche is available to draw through December 15, 2016, subject to the Company demonstrating sufficient evidence of continued clinical progression of its GEN-003 product candidate and making favorable progress in applying its proprietary technology platform toward the development of novel immunotherapies with application in oncology. As of   September 30, 2016  , the second   $5.0 million   tranche is not yet available to the Company. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $17.0 million   was outstanding under the amended 2014 Term Loan.           
  
   11 

2014 Term Loan           
  The 2014 Term Loan had an original maturity of July 1, 2018. The eligibility requirements for the second tranche also contained an election for the Company to extend the maturity date to January 1, 2019. During the second quarter of 2015, the Company elected to extend the maturity date of the 2014 Term Loan. The maturity date of January 1, 2019 remained unchanged by the First Amendment.           
  Each advance accrues interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the greater of (i)   7.25%   or (ii) the sum of   7.25%   plus the prime rate minus   5.0%  . The 2014 Term Loan provided for interest-only payments until December 31, 2015, which was extended by the Company for a   six  -month period as the eligibility requirements for the second tranche were met during the second quarter of 2015. The First Amendment subsequently extended the interest-only period through June 30, 2017. Thereafter, beginning July 1, 2017, principal and interest payments will be made monthly for   18   months with a payoff schedule based upon a   30  -month amortization schedule, the original amortization term of the 2014 Term Loan. The remaining unpaid principal is due on January 1, 2019.           
  The 2014 Term Loan may be prepaid in whole or in part upon   seven   business days  prior written notice to Hercules.  Prepayments will be subject to a charge of   3.0%   if an advance is prepaid within   12   months following the Closing Date,   2.0%  , if an advance is prepaid between   12   and   24   months following the Closing Date, and   1.0%   thereafter. Amounts outstanding at the time of an event of default shall be payable on demand and shall accrue interest at an additional rate of   5.0%   per annum on any outstanding amounts past due. The Company is also obligated to pay an end of term charge of   4.95%   (the "End of Term Charge") of the balance drawn when the advances are repaid.           
  The 2014 Term Loan is secured by a lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than intellectual property, provided that such lien on substantially all assets includes any rights to payments and proceeds from the sale, licensing or disposition of intellectual property.  The Loan Agreement contains non-financial covenants and representations, including a financial reporting covenant, and limitations on dividends, indebtedness, collateral, investments, distributions, transfers, mergers or acquisitions, taxes, corporate changes, deposit accounts, and subsidiaries. There are no financial covenants. 
    
  Under the provisions of the 2014 Term Loan, the Company has also entered into account control agreements ("ACAs") with Hercules and certain of the Company's financial institutions in which cash, cash equivalents, and investments are held. These ACAs grant Hercules a perfected first priority security interest in the subject accounts. The ACAs do not restrict the Company's ability to utilize cash, cash equivalents, or investments to fund operations and capital expenditures unless there is an event of default and Hercules activates its rights under the ACAs.           
  The Loan Agreement contains a material adverse effect provision ("Material Adverse Effect") that requires all material adverse effects to be reported under the financial reporting covenant. Loan advances are subject to a representation that no event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred and is continuing. Under the Loan Agreement, a Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect upon: (i) the business, operations, properties, assets or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company; or (ii) the ability of the Company to perform the secured obligations in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreements, or the ability of agent or lender to enforce any of its rights or remedies with respect to the secured obligations; or (iii) the collateral or agent s liens on the collateral or the priority of such liens. Any event that has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect is an event of default under the Loan Agreement and repayment of amounts due under the Loan Agreement may be accelerated by Hercules under the same terms as an event of default.           
  Events of default under the Loan Agreement include failure to make any payments of principal or interest as due on any outstanding indebtedness, breach of any covenant, any false or misleading representations or warranties, insolvency or bankruptcy, any attachment or judgment on the Company s assets of at least   $100   thousand, or the occurrence of any material default of the Company involving indebtedness in excess of   $100   thousand. If an event of default occurs, repayment of all amounts due under the Loan Agreement may be accelerated by Hercules, including the applicable prepayment charge.          The 2014 Term Loan is automatically accelerated upon a change in control wherein the Company must prepay the outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest through the prepayment date, including any unpaid agent s and lender s fees and expenses accrued to the date of the repayment, the End of Term Charge, and a prepayment charge. If a change in control occurs, repayment of amounts due under the Loan Agreement may be accelerated by Hercules. The Company believes acceleration of the repayment of amounts outstanding under the loan is remote.   
  In connection with the 2014 Term Loan, the Company issued a common stock warrant to Hercules on November 20, 2014. The warrant is exercisable for   73,725   shares of the Company s Common Stock (equal to   $607,500   divided by the  
  
   12 

exercise price of   $8.24   per share). The exercise price and the number of shares are subject to adjustment upon a merger event, reclassification of the shares of Common Stock, subdivision or combination of the shares of Common Stock or certain dividends payments. The warrant is exercisable until November 20, 2019 and will be exercised automatically on a net issuance basis if not exercised prior to the expiration date and if the then-current fair market value of one share of Common Stock is greater than the exercise price then in effect. The warrant has been classified as equity for all periods it has been outstanding.  
  Contemporaneously with the 2014 Term Loan, the Company also entered into an equity rights letter agreement on November 20, 2014 (the  Equity Rights Letter Agreement ). Pursuant to the Equity Rights Letter Agreement, the Company issued to Hercules   223,463   shares of the Company s Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $2.0 million   at a price per share equal to the closing price of the Company s Common Stock as reported on The NASDAQ Global Market on November 19, 2014.  The shares will be subject to resale limitations and may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration.           
  Additionally, under the Equity Rights Letter Agreement, Hercules has the right to participate in any one or more subsequent private placement equity financings of up to   $2.0 million   on the same terms and conditions as purchases by the other investors in each subsequent equity financing. The Equity Rights Letter Agreement, and all rights and obligations thereunder, will terminate upon the earlier of (1) such time when Hercules has purchased   $2.0 million   of subsequent equity financing securities in the aggregate and (2) the later of (a) the repayment of all indebtedness under the Loan Agreement and (b) the expiration or termination of the exercise period for the warrant issued in connection with the Loan Agreement. The Company allocated   $36 thousand   of financing costs to additional paid-in capital for issuance fees that were reimbursed to Hercules.  
  The Company incurred   $280 thousand   in debt financing costs related to the First Amendment, which was recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining loan term. In connection with the issuance of the 2014 Term Loan, the Company incurred   $103 thousand   of financing costs and also reimbursed Hercules   $210 thousand   for debt financing costs, which has been recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining loan term. The End of Term Charge is amortized ratably over the term loan period based upon the outstanding debt amount. The increase in the End of Term Charge due to the additional borrowing from the First Amendment is being amortized from the First Amendment date through maturity. The debt discount is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2014 Term Loan using the effective interest method. At   September 30, 2016  , the 2014 Term Loan bears an effective interest rate of   10.2%  .           
  As of both   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the 2014 Term Loan of   $17.0 million  . Interest expense related to the 2014 Term Loan was   $0.4 million   and   $1.3 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $0.3 million   and   $0.9 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Future principal payments, including the End of Term Charge, on the 2014 Term Loan are as follows (in thousands): 

5. Commitments and contingencies 
    
  Lease commitments 
    
  In May 2016, the Company entered into a lease amendment (the "2016 Lease") for office and laboratory space currently occupied under an original lease that commenced in March 2014 and was set to expire in February 2017 (the "2014 Lease"). The 2016 Lease extends the 2014 Lease by an additional   three   years through February 2020. In June 2015, the Company signed a second operating lease (the "2015 Lease") for office space in the same building as the 2014 Lease. In August 2016, the Company exercised a   three  -year renewal option extending the 2015 Lease to February 2020. 

13 

The minimum future lease payments under both the 2016 Lease and the 2015 Lease are as follows (in thousands): 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company has an outstanding letter of credit of   $316 thousand   with a financial institution related to a security deposit for the 2016 Lease, which is secured by cash on deposit and expires on February 29, 2020. An additional unsecured deposit was required for the 2015 Lease.  
    
  Significant Contracts and Agreements 
    
  In addition to lease commitments, the Company enters into contractual arrangements that obligate it to make payments to the contractual counterparties upon the occurrence of future events. In the normal course of operations, the Company enters into license and other agreements and intends to continue to seek additional rights related to compounds or technologies in connection with its discovery, manufacturing and development programs. These agreements may require payments to be made by the Company upon the occurrence of certain development milestones and certain commercialization milestones for each distinct product covered by the licensed patents (in addition to certain royalties to be paid on marketed products or sublicense income) contingent upon the occurrence of future events that cannot be reasonably estimated. 
    
  In March 2014, the Company announced a joint research collaboration with Dana-Farber Cancer Institute to characterize anti-tumor T cell responses in melanoma patients. This collaboration extends the use of the Company's proprietary ATLAS platform for the rapid discovery of T cell antigens to cancer immunotherapy approaches. In September 2014, the Company received   $1.2 million   in the form of a grant entered into with the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation for the identification of protective T-cell antigens for malaria vaccines. This grant provided for the continued expansion of the Company s malaria antigen library to aid in the identification of novel protein antigens to facilitate the development of highly efficacious anti-infection malarial vaccines. The Company recognized revenue under these agreements of   $213 thousand   and   $449 thousand   for the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company recognized revenue of   no  ne and   $235 thousand   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
    
  The Company relies on research institutions, contract research organizations, clinical investigators as well as clinical and commercial material manufacturers of our product candidates. Under the terms of these agreements, the Company is obligated to make milestone payments upon the achievement of manufacturing or clinical milestones defined in the contracts. In some cases, monthly service fees for project management services are charged over the duration of the arrangement. In addition, clinical and manufacturing contracts generally require reimbursement to suppliers for certain set-up, production, travel, and other related costs as they are incurred. In some manufacturing contracts, the Company also may be responsible for the payment of a reservation fee, which will equal a percentage of the expected production fees, to reserve manufacturing slots in the production timeframe. Generally, the Company is liable for actual effort expended by these organizations at any point in time during the contract through the notice period. To the extent amounts paid to a supplier exceed the milestones achieved, the Company records a prepaid asset, and to the extent milestones achieved exceed amounts billed or billable under a contract, an accrual for the estimate of services rendered is recorded.  
    
  In February 2014, the Company entered into a supply agreement with FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies U.S.A., Inc. ( Fujifilm ) for the manufacture and supply of antigens for future GEN-003 clinical trials. Under the agreement, the Company is obligated to pay Fujifilm manufacturing milestones, in addition to reimbursement of certain material production related costs. In June and September 2016, the Company entered into new statements of work under the agreement with Fujifilm for the manufacture and supply of antigens for the Company's Phase 3 clinical trials. The Company incurred expenses under the agreement of   $0.4 million   and   $3.9 million   for the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company incurred expenses under the agreement of   $0.5 million   and   $0.8 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. 

14 

Litigation 
    
  The Company is not a party to any litigation and does not have contingency reserves established for any litigation liabilities. 
    
  Refund of research and development expense 
    
  In August 2009, the Company entered into an exclusive license and collaboration agreement (the  Novavax Agreement ) with Isconova AB, a Swedish company which subsequently was acquired by Novavax, Inc. ("Novavax"). Pursuant to the agreement, Novavax granted the Company a worldwide, sublicensable, exclusive license to   two   patent families, to import, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and otherwise exploit licensed vaccine products containing an adjuvant which incorporates or is developed from Matrix-A, Matrix-C and/or Matrix-M technology, in the fields of HSV and chlamydia. Matrix-M is the adjuvant used in GEN-003.  
    
  The Novavax Agreement includes a research funding clause for which the Company made monthly payments to Novavax between August 2009 and March 2012 of approximately   $1.6 million  . All amounts of research funding provided were to be refunded by Novavax. After December 31, 2015, any amounts remaining due from Novavax, including accrued interest, could be received in cash upon   30  -day written notice provided by the Company. The Company provided this notice in January 2016.  
    
  The Company provided the research funding solely to benefit the supply plan for the Matrix-M adjuvant to the point that a Phase 1 clinical trial could be initiated. Because of the benefit received from the research funding payments, an assessment of Novavax's financial ability to repay the research funding at the time of the payments, along with the duration of which amounts could be outstanding, the Company concluded the initial research funding should be recorded as research and development expense at the time of payment. In February 2016, upon receipt of the   $1.6 million   refund including accrued interest, the Company recorded a gain within operating expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss.  

6. Equity and net loss per share 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company has authorized   25,000,000   shares of preferred stock at   $0.001   par value per share. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company has authorized   175,000,000   shares of Common Stock at   $0.001   par value per share. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   28,384,548   and   28,161,313   shares, respectively, of Common Stock issued. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   28,380,663   and   28,151,596   shares, respectively, of Common Stock outstanding.  
    
  The Company computes basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share using a methodology that gives effect to the impact of outstanding participating securities (the  two-class method ). As the   three and nine   months ended for both   September 30, 2016   and   2015   resulted in net losses, there is no income allocation required under the two-class method or dilution attributed to weighted average shares outstanding in the calculation of diluted loss per share. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had warrants outstanding that represent the right to acquire   77,603   shares of Common Stock, of which   73,725   represented warrants issued to Hercules and   3,878   represented warrants to purchase Common Stock issued in periods prior to the Company's initial public offering ("IPO"). 
    
  The following common stock equivalents, presented on an as converted basis, were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for the periods presented, due to their anti-dilutive effect (in thousands): 

15 

Restricted stock 
    
  During 2013, a Company director exercised stock options and received   31,092   shares of Common Stock that were subject to a Stock Restriction and Repurchase Agreement with the Company. Under the terms of the agreement, shares of Common Stock issued are subject to a vesting schedule and unvested shares are subject to repurchase by the Company. Vesting occurs periodically at specified time intervals and specified percentages. All shares of Common Stock become fully vested within   four years   of the date of grant.  
    
  As of both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had issued   35,964   shares of restricted Common Stock. The Company had   3,885   and   9,717   shares of nonvested restricted stock that were subject to repurchase by the Company as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

7. Stock and employee benefit plans 
    
  Stock-based compensation expense 
    
  Total stock-based compensation expense is recognized for stock options granted to employees and non-employees and has been reported in the Company s statements of operations as follows (in thousands): 

Stock options 
    
  The following table summarizes stock option activity for employees and nonemployees (shares in thousands): 

Performance-based stock options 
    
  The Company granted stock options to certain employees, executive officers and consultants, which contain performance-based vesting criteria. Milestone events are specific to the Company s corporate goals, which include, but are not limited to, certain clinical development milestones, business development agreements and capital fundraising events. Stock-based compensation expense associated with these performance-based stock options is recognized if the performance conditions are considered probable of being achieved, using management s best estimates. The Company determined that none of the performance-based milestones were probable of achievement during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and accordingly did not recognize stock-based compensation expense for these periods. As of   September 30, 2016  , there are   56,336   performance-based common stock options outstanding for which the probability of achievement was not deemed probable. 

16 

Employee stock purchase plan 
    
  In connection with the completion of the Company's IPO on February 10, 2014, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  2014 ESPP ). The 2014 ESPP authorizes the initial issuance of up to a total of   200,776   shares of Common Stock to participating eligible employees. The 2014 ESPP provides for   six  -month option periods commencing on January 1 and ending June 30 and commencing July 1 and ending December 31 of each calendar year. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   112,073   shares remain for future issuance under the plan. The Company incurred stock-based compensation expense related to the 2014 ESPP of   $45 thousand   and   $110 thousand   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $30 thousand   and   $83 thousand   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

17 

Item 2.               Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The following information should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial information and the notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following disclosure contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. Our actual results and timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 
    
  We are a biopharmaceutical company that discovers and develops novel vaccines and immunotherapies to address diseases with significant unmet needs. We use our proprietary discovery platform, ATLAS, to rapidly design vaccines and immunotherapies that act, in part, through T cell (or cellular) immune responses, in contrast to approved vaccines and immunotherapies, which are designed to act primarily through B cell (or antibody) immune responses. We believe that by harnessing T cells we can develop first-in-class vaccines and immunotherapies to address diseases where T cells are central to the control of the disease. 
    
  The Company has one product candidate in active Phase 2 clinical development, GEN-003, an immunotherapy for the treatment of genital herpes. The Company also has, in GEN-004, a Phase 2-ready universal vaccine for the prevention of pneumococcal infections. Although internal development of GEN-004 has been suspended, the Company is currently seeking partners to advance GEN-004 into a Phase 1/2 clinical trial targeting toddler and infant populations. In November 2016, the Company announced its intention to focus all near-term research and pre-clinical resources to accelerate its progress in immuno-oncology, specifically cancer vaccines. As a result of this decision, it has paused all work on early stage infectious disease programs in genital herpes, chlamydia, and malaria. Progress made and data generated to date in these infectious disease research programs remains valuable to Genocea for the future. 
    
  GEN-003   Phase 2 immunotherapy for genital herpes 
    
  Our lead program is GEN-003, a Phase 2 candidate therapeutic vaccine, or immunotherapy, that we are developing to treat genital herpes infections. We have completed two positive clinical trials and have a third trial currently underway. Key data from those trials is described below.   
  Phase 1/2 Trial 
    
  Final analysis of the data from the Phase 1/2a trial showed that, for the best performing 30 g dose group, there was a sustained reduction in the viral shedding rate. After completion of dosing for this group, the viral shedding rate was reduced by 52% versus baseline and, at six months after the final dose, the shedding rate remained at 40% below baseline. The reduction in the genital lesion rate after completion of the third dose was greatest for the 30 g dose group at 48%. After six months, the reduction from baseline in genital lesion rate for this dose group was 65% and, after 12 months, the genital lesion rate was 42% lower than baseline. GEN-003 was safe and well tolerated over the 12 months of this trial.  
    
    Phase 2 Dose Optimization Trial 
    
  A 310-subject Phase 2 dose optimization trial was completed in March 2016. The objective of this trial was to confirm the results of the Phase 1/2a trial and to test six combinations of proteins and adjuvant to determine the optimal dose for future trials and potentially improve on the profile of GEN-003. Subjects were randomized to one of six dosing groups of either 30 g or 60 g per protein paired with one of three adjuvant doses (25 g, 50 g, or 75 g). A seventh group received placebo. Subjects received three doses of GEN-003 or placebo at 21-day intervals. Baseline viral shedding and genital lesion rates were established for each subject in a 28-day observation period prior to the commencement of dosing by collecting 56 genital swab samples (two per day), which were analyzed for the presence of HSV-2 DNA, and by recording the days on which genital lesions were present. This 28-day observation period was repeated immediately after the completion of dosing, and at six and twelve months following dosing. No maintenance doses were given. After the 28-day observation period immediately after dosing, patients in the placebo arm were rolled over across the 6 active combinations of GEN-003 and Matrix-M2 under a separate protocol. 
       
  The primary endpoint of the trial was the reduction in viral shedding rate versus baseline, a measure of anti-viral activity. A number of exploratory secondary endpoints were also studied, including the percent of patients who were recurrence free from lesions up to six and 12 months after dosing, the time to first recurrence of lesions after dosing and the reduction in genital lesion rates. The two most promising doses from this dose optimization study were 60  g per protein combined with  
  
   18 

either 50 or 75  g of Matrix-M2 adjuvant. The efficacy of GEN-003 at these two dose levels over the course of the Phase 2 dose optimization trial is as follows: 

(1) Rate reduction vs. pre-dosing levels. 
  (2) Generalized Linear Model with  Standard  Poisson distribution as pre-specified in the Phase 2 trial statistical analysis plan, formerly a widely adopted model developed by the University of Washington ( UW ) and which was used in both the GEN-003 Phase 1/2 and Phase 2 trials (the  Old Model ).  
  (3)     Statistical analysis performed using a modified Poisson model (the  New Model ) reflecting advances in the field since the start of the Phase 2 dose optimization trial: Magaret, Amalia, "Models for HSV shedding must account for two levels of overdispersion" ((January 2016). UW Biostatistics Working Paper Series. Working Paper 410). UW developed the New Model as clinical trial data which accumulated over the years indicated that the Old Model assumptions around the distribution of data did not fit this actual genital herpes clinical trial data. The New Model corrects the assumption of data distribution by an empiric variance method which better reflects this clinical trial experience. Critically, the results of the GEN-003 clinical trials analyzed with the New Model remain statistically significant and the estimated magnitude of the effect, confidence intervals around that effect and durability of effect are unchanged. 
  Genocea considers it important to reflect advances in the field of genital herpes research in its approach to the conduct of clinical trials and the analysis of clinical trial data and adopted the New Model as the primary statistical model for the viral shedding rate and genital lesion rate data in its ongoing Phase 2b trial. Results shown above from the Phase 2 trial using the New Model are provided for comparative purposes, but were not part of the original pre-specified statistical analysis plan for this trial.   
    
    Phase 2b Trial 
    
  In December 2015, a Phase 2b trial was initiated as our first study testing potential Phase 3 endpoints with a Phase 3-ready formulation of GEN-003, one manufactured with commercially-scalable processes. The trial enrolled 131 subjects that were randomized to one of three dose groups - placebo, 60  g per protein / 50  g of Matrix-M2 (the "60/50 Dose") and 60  g per protein / 75  g of Matrix-M2 (the "60/75 Dose"). All subjects received three injections at 21-day intervals.  
    
  In September 2016, we announced positive viral shedding rate reductions from the ongoing Phase 2b study. The study achieved its primary endpoint, with GEN-003 demonstrating a statistically significant (versus placebo and baseline) 40%  
  
   19 

reduction in the viral shedding rate compared to baseline immediately after dosing in the 60/50 Dose group, using a new Phase 3-ready formulation. This result was consistent with a statistically significant (versus placebo and baseline) viral shedding rate reduction of 41% at this same dose and time point in a prior Phase 2 trial. In addition, the reactogenicity profile of this dose, an indication of the strength of the immune response to GEN-003, was consistent between the trials. This same dose in the prior Phase 2 trial subsequently demonstrated virologic and clinical efficacy durable through at least one year after dosing. 
    
  The 60/75 Dose group reduced the viral shedding rate by 27%, lower than that observed in the prior trial, and also showed a less acceptable reactogenicity profile than the prior trial. We believe that the increase in reactogenicity of this dose indicates an overstimulation of the T cell immune system leading to the reduced efficacy with this dose in this trial, as would be expected with the known bell-shaped T cell dose response curve. The likely driver of this effect is a more potent adjuvant formulation following customary manufacturing process changes to prepare for Phase 3 trials and commercialization.  
    
  The top-line viral shedding rate reductions for all of the dose groups in the trial are summarized in the following table: 

(1) Rate reduction vs. pre-dosing levels. 
  (2) The New Model (see note above under  Phase 2 Dose Optimization Trial ), as pre-specified in the Phase 2b statistical analysis plan. 
  (3) Under the Old Model (see note above under  Phase 2 Dose Optimization Trial ), p-values for the 60/50 Dose were  0.0001 vs. both baseline and placebo and for the 60/75 Dose were 0.001 vs. baseline and 0.004 vs. placebo. 
    
    The trial will also compare GEN-003 efficacy to placebo for the clinical endpoints of: the proportion of patients who are lesion recurrence free at six and 12 months after dosing; the time to first lesion recurrence after dosing; and, the impact on percentage of days with genital herpes lesions at six and 12 months after dosing. All subjects will be followed for 12 months after the last dose. The clinical efficacy data versus placebo against potential Phase 3 endpoints at six-months post dosing is expected in January 2017. The viral shedding rate reduction data at six-months post dosing is expected in the first half of 2017. 
    
  Safety in the trial was continuously reviewed by an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board. There was no grade 4 reactogenicity or related serious adverse events and discontinuations due to adverse events were low and similarly distributed across active dose groups and placebo.   
    
  We intend to conduct an end-of-Phase 2 meeting with the FDA in early 2017. We now plan to conduct a clinical trial exploring the potential additive effects of GEN-003 on top of daily administration of VALTREX       , an oral antiviral therapy, as part of the GEN-003 Phase 3 program. We believe that this will increase the chances that positive results in this trial could be included in GEN-003 s label, if approved.  We retain all rights to GEN-003 and plan to advance this program through regulatory approval and, if approved, commercialize this vaccine through a focused commercial effort in the United States. We intend to evaluate partnerships for the future development and commercialization of GEN-003. 
    
  If GEN-003 successfully completes clinical development and is approved, we believe it would represent an important new treatment option for patients with genital herpes. 
    
  GEN-004   Universal vaccine for the prevention of pneumococcal infections 
    
  We also have a second product, GEN-004, a potential universal   Streptococcus pneumoniae  , or pneumococcus, vaccine to protect against a leading cause of infectious disease mortality worldwide. GEN-004 is designed to stimulate T helper 17 (Th17) cells, a rare cell type that provides immunity at epithelial and mucosal surfaces, in the nasopharynx to prevent colonization by pneumococcus.  
    
  In October 2015, we announced that top-line results from the Phase 2a clinical trial for GEN-004 showed consistent reductions versus placebo in the pre-specified endpoints of the rate and density of upper airway colonization in a human challenge model, but that neither of the endpoints achieved statistical significance. GEN-004 was safe and well tolerated by  
  
   20 

subjects. Although we did not achieve statistical significance in this study, the consistent apparent effect gives us confidence in the vaccine concept and in the potential for GEN-004. While internal development of GEN-004 has been suspended, we continue to seek partners to advance GEN-004 into a Phase 1/2 clinical trial targeting toddler and infant populations.  
    
  Research and non-clinical development in oncology 
    
  We announced a research collaboration with the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute ("DFCI") in 2014 to apply the ATLAS platform in immuno-oncology. This collaboration centered on ATLAS's potential to identify patterns of T cell response in melanoma patients receiving checkpoint inhibitor ("CPI") therapy. By analyzing the immune responses of both responders and non-responders to CPI therapy, ATLAS successfully identified the cancer antigens to which either (or both) CD4+ or CD8+ T cells became activated. Although this research was not powered to draw firm conclusions, the analysis of T cell responses in patients receiving CPI therapy revealed a pattern indicating a greater breadth of T cell activation for responders than non-responders. The study also revealed preliminary evidence that different characteristics of T cell responses emerge when comparing patients who respond and those who do not. Some T cell responses did not correspond with improved patient outcomes, and may be classified as  decoys,  further validating the ability of ATLAS to distinguish clinically relevant targets of T cell response. The collaboration with Dana-Farber is ongoing as we continue to analyze more tumor samples to characterize T cell response profiles that may be prognostic of CPI efficacy, and to identify T cell antigens that may be included in novel immunotherapies. 
    
  In November 2015, we also announced a collaboration with the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center to screen the T cell responses of melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with CPIs against the complete repertoire of patient-specific putative cancer neoantigens. The goals of the collaboration are to identify signatures of T cell response in cancer patients associated with response or non-response to CPI therapy and to discover new T cell cancer vaccine antigens. ATLAS will be used in conjunction with Memorial Sloan Kettering s patient-specific cancer neoantigen sequences and blood samples from the same cancer patients. 
    
  In November 2015, we commenced a new program focused on Epstein-Barr Virus ( EBV ). EBV infection has been linked to cancers with high unmet needs such as non-Hodgkin s lymphoma, nasopharyngeal carcinoma and gastric carcinoma. We believe the ATLAS platform is highly suited to the creation of a new immunotherapy for EBV given that T cell responses are understood to be crucial for protection against EBV. Furthermore, EBV is part of the herpesvirus family, in which we have deep experience through our development of GEN-003.  
    
  We continue to advance our collaborations with Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and Dana-Farber Cancer Center and we expect to announce further data from these collaborations later in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  Research and non-clinical development in infectious disease 
    
  We have paused activities on our non-clinical development programs in chlamydia, HSV-2 prophylaxis and malaria in order to focus all of our internal research and pre-clinical resources on our immune-oncology investments. Progress made and data generated to date in these infectious disease research programs remains valuable to Genocea for the future. 
    
  Company background 
    
  We commenced business operations in August 2006. To date, our operations have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, acquiring and developing our proprietary ATLAS technology, identifying potential product candidates and undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates. All of our revenue to date has been grant revenue. We have not generated any product revenue and do not expect to do so for the foreseeable future. We have primarily financed our operations through the issuance of our equity securities, debt financings and amounts received through grants. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had received an aggregate of   $279.6 million   in gross proceeds from the issuance of equity securities and gross proceeds from debt facilities and an aggregate of $7.9 million from grants. At   September 30, 2016  , our cash and cash equivalents and investments were   $75.5 million  . 
    
  Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were   $12.8 million   and   $33.5 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and our accumulated deficit was   $191.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . We expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. We will need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. 

21 

In March 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of 6.3 million shares of our Common Stock at a public offering price of $8.25 per share for an aggregate offering price of $51.7 million (the "March 2015 Offering"). In August 2015, we completed another underwritten public offering of 3.9 million shares of our Common Stock at a public offering price of $13.00 per share for an aggregate offering price of $50.1 million (the "August 2015 Offering"). We received net proceeds from these offerings of approximately $101.8 million, after deducting approximately $6.1 million in underwriting discounts and commissions, excluding offering costs payable by us. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we sold   136 thousand   shares under our ATM program and received   $0.8 million   in net proceeds after deducting commissions. 
    
  On the basis of current operating plans, including the plan to focus research investments on immuno-oncology and the planned commencement of Phase 3 trials for GEN-003 in the second half of 2017, Genocea expects that these funds will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the first quarter of 2018, without assuming any receipt of proceeds from potential business development partnerships, equity financings or debt drawdowns. We expect to report six-month placebo-controlled clinical efficacy results from the ongoing Phase 2b trial in January 2017 and we anticipate conducting an FDA  end-of-Phase 2 meeting for GEN-003 in the first quarter of 2017. However, costs related to clinical trials can be unpredictable and therefore there can be no guarantee that our current balances of cash, cash equivalents and investments, and any proceeds received from other sources, will be sufficient to fund our studies or operations through this period. These funds will not be sufficient to enable us to conduct pivotal clinical trials for, seek marketing approval for or commercially launch GEN-003 or any other product candidate. Accordingly, to obtain marketing approval for and to commercialize these or any other product candidates, we will be required to obtain further funding through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaboration and licensing arrangements or other sources. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital when needed would have a negative effect on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. 

Financial Overview 
    
  Grant revenue 
    
  Grant revenue consists of revenue earned to conduct vaccine development research. We have received grants from private not-for-profit organizations and federal agencies. These grants have related to the discovery and development of several of our product candidates, including product candidates for the prevention of pneumococcus, chlamydia, malaria, and immunotherapy of cancer. Revenue under these grants is recognized as research services are performed. Funds received in advance of research services being performed are recorded as deferred revenue. We plan to continue to pursue grant funding, but there can be no assurance we will be successful in obtaining such grants in the future. 
    
  We have no products approved for sale. We will not receive any revenue from any product candidates that we develop until we obtain regulatory approval and commercialize such products or until we potentially enter into agreements with third parties for the development and commercialization of product candidates. If our development efforts for any of our product candidates result in regulatory approval or we enter into collaboration agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue from product sales or from such third parties. 
    
  We expect that our revenue will be less than our expenses for the foreseeable future and that we will experience increasing losses as we continue our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates and begin to commercialize any approved products. Our ability to generate revenue for each product candidate for which we receive regulatory approval will depend on numerous factors, including competition, commercial manufacturing capability and market acceptance of our products. 
    
  Research and development expenses 
    
  Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred to advance our preclinical and clinical candidates, which include: 

personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation expense and travel; 
                
    expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations ("CROs"), contract manufacturing organizations ("CMOs"), consultants and other vendors that conduct our clinical trials and preclinical activities; 
                
    costs of acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical trial materials and lab supplies; and 
     
   22 

facility costs, depreciation and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance and other supplies. 
       
  We expense internal research and development costs to operations as incurred. We expense third party costs for research and development activities, such as conducting clinical trials, based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific performance or tasks such as patient enrollment, clinical site activations or information, which is provided to us by our vendors. 
    
  The following table identifies research and development expenses on a program-specific basis for our product candidates as follows (in thousands): 

_______________________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    Includes direct and indirect internal costs and external costs such as CMO and CRO costs. 
              (2) 
    Includes costs related to other product candidates and certain technology platform development costs related to ATLAS. Additionally, costs that are not specifically allocated by project including facilities costs, depreciation expense, and non-project specific costs incurred by R D personnel, are included in this line item. 
       
  We expect our research and development expenses will increase as we continue the manufacture of clinical materials and manage the clinical trials of, and seek regulatory approval for, GEN-003, and advance our preclinical development pipeline. 
    
  General and administrative expenses 
    
  General and administrative expenses consist principally of salaries and related costs for personnel, including stock-based compensation and travel expenses, in executive and other administrative functions. Other general and administrative expenses include facility-related costs, communication expenses and professional fees associated with corporate and intellectual property legal expenses, consulting and accounting services. 
    
  We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future to support the continued research and development of our product candidates and to operate as a public company. These increases will likely include higher costs for insurance, hiring activities, and professional services, such as outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, among other expenses. Additionally, if and when we believe a regulatory approval of our first product candidate appears likely, we anticipate that we will increase our salary and personnel costs and other expenses as a result of our preparation for commercial operations. 
    
  Refund of research and development expenses 
    
  The refund of research and development expenses recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to a one-time payment received from Novavax pursuant to contractual obligations under the Novavax Agreement that existed to refund research and development expenses paid to Novavax between 2009 and 2011.  
    
  Interest income 
    
  Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalent and investment portfolio.  
    
  Interest expense 
    
  Interest expense consists of interest expense on our long-term debt facilities and non-cash interest related to the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. 

23 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
    
  We believe that several accounting policies are important to understanding our historical and future performance. We refer to these policies as critical because these specific areas generally require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that are uncertain at the time we make the estimate, and different estimates which also would have been reasonable could have been used.  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates, which include, but are not limited to, estimates related to clinical trial accruals, prepaid and accrued research and development expenses, stock-based compensation expense and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. We base our estimates on historical experience and other market-specific or other relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from those estimates or assumptions. 
    
  The critical accounting policies we identified in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   related to prepaid and accrued research and development expenses and stock-based compensation. There have been no material changes to our accounting policies from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.  It is important that the discussion of our operating results that follows be read in conjunction with the critical accounting policies disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016. 

Results of Operations 
    
  Comparison of the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015    

Grant revenue 
    
  We did not record any grant revenue in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to $0.2 million in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The $0.2 million decrease was due to the completion of work related to a $1.2 million grant entered into with the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation in September 2014. The full amount of the grant was recognized as of March 31, 2016.  
    
  Research and development expenses 
    
  Research and development expenses increased $2.8 million in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The increase was due largely to increases in compensation, consulting and professional services (approximately $1.8 million), clinical costs (approximately $0.6 million), and office and facility costs (approximately $0.2 million).  
    
  On a program basis, GEN-003 costs increased by $2.0 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, driven by increases in headcount related expenses and clinical expenses to support the GEN-003 program, and higher consulting and professional service costs in advance of the expected Phase 3 trials. GEN-004 costs decreased by approximately  
  
   24 

$0.5 million following the suspension of development of the program in the fourth quarter of 2015. Other costs, including those to advance our pre-clinical product candidates and develop our ATLAS platform for immuno-oncology increased by approximately $1.3 million. 
    
  General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  General and administrative expenses were unchanged at approximately $3.6 million from the same three month period in 2015. Expenditures across various activities also remained consistent with the same quarter in the prior year.  
    
  Interest Income 
    
  Interest income increased $0.1 million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   due to both higher levels of investing activity and a higher interest rate environment. 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense increased $0.1 million in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The increase was due primarily to the $5.0 million increase in principal borrowings under our 2014 Term Loan as a result of the First Amendment entered into in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015.  
    
  Comparison of the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015    

Grant revenue 
    
  Grant revenue for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased by $0.2 million from the same nine month period in 2015. We entered into a $1.2 million grant with the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation in September 2014. Grant activities occurred throughout the nine-month period in 2015 and were largely completed in the first quarter of 2016. 
    
  Research and development expenses 
    
  Research and development expenses increased $1.3 million for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . The increases in compensation, consulting and professional services (approximately $3.6 million), lab-related costs (approximately $1.5 million), facility costs (approximately $0.7 million), and depreciation expense (approximately $0.3 million), were partially offset by decreases in manufacturing costs (approximately $4.5 million) and clinical costs (approximately $0.7 million). The remaining increases, all insignificant by spending category, are attributable to the overall growth of the research and development function.  

25 

On a program basis, GEN-003 costs decreased $1.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, driven by lower manufacturing costs offset by increases in headcount and related expenses to support the GEN-003 program and an increase in clinical trial activities for ongoing and anticipated trials  GEN-004 costs decreased by $2.0 million following the suspension of development of the program in the fourth quarter of 2015. Other costs, including those to advance our pre-clinical product candidates and develop our ATLAS platform for immuno-oncology increased by $4.5 million. 
    
  General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  General and administrative expense increased $1.4 million in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . The increase was due largely to GEN-003 market research costs and higher depreciation costs from facility expansion. 
    
  Refund of research and development expense 
    
  In February 2016, we recorded a gain upon receipt of $1.6 million, including accrued interest, pursuant to contractual obligations under the Novavax Agreement to refund research and development expenses paid to Novavax between 2009 and 2011. 
    
  Interest Income 
    
  Interest income increased $0.3 million in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   due to both higher levels of investing activity and a higher interest rate environment. 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense increased $0.4 million in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . The increase was due primarily to the $5.0 million increase in principal borrowings under our 2014 Term Loan as a result of the First Amendment entered into in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Overview 
    
  Since our inception through   September 30, 2016  , we have received an aggregate of   $279.6 million   in gross proceeds from the issuance of equity securities and gross proceeds from debt facilities and an aggregate of $7.9 million from grants. At   September 30, 2016  , our cash, cash equivalents and investment securities were   $75.5 million  , comprising cash and cash equivalents of $26.4 million and current investment securities of approximately $49.1 million.  
    
  In the March 2015 Offering, we completed an underwritten public offering of 6.3 million shares of our Common Stock at a public offering price of $8.25 per share for an aggregate offering price of $51.7 million. In the August 2015 Offering, we completed another underwritten public offering of 3.9 million shares of our Common Stock at a public offering price of $13.00 per share for an aggregate offering price of $50.1 million. We received net proceeds from these offerings of approximately $95.7 million, after deducting approximately $6.1 million in underwriting discounts and commissions, excluding offering costs payable by us.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we sold   136 thousand   shares under our ATM program and received   $0.8 million   in net proceeds after deducting commissions. 
    
  Debt Financings 
    
  On November 20, 2014 (the "Closing Date"), we entered into a loan and security agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc. ( Hercules ), which provided up to $27.0 million in debt financing in three separate tranches (the "2014 Term Loan"). The first tranche of $17.0 million was available through June 30, 2015, of which $12.0 million was drawn down at loan inception and for which approximately $9.8 million of the proceeds were used to repay all outstanding indebtedness under the previously existing $10.0 million loan agreement (the "2013 Term Loan"). The option to draw down the remaining $5.0 million under the first tranche expired unused on June 30, 2015. The second tranche of $5.0 million was subject to certain eligibility requirements that were achieved as of June 30, 2015 and we had the option to draw down the second tranche on or prior to December 15, 2015. The second tranche expired unused on December 15, 2015. We were not eligible to draw down the third tranche of $5.0 million because the Company did not achieve positive results in its Phase 2a human challenge study of GEN-004. 
  
   26 

In December 2015, we entered into an amendment to the Loan Agreement (the "First Amendment") with Hercules. The First Amendment required us to draw an additional $5.0 million and permits us to draw two additional $5.0 million tranches. One $5.0 million tranche is immediately available to draw through December 15, 2016 and a second $5.0 million tranche becomes available through December 15, 2016, subject to us demonstrating sufficient evidence of continued clinical progression of our GEN-003 product candidate and making favorable progress in applying our proprietary technology platform toward the development of novel immunotherapies with application in oncology. As of September 30, 2016, the second $5.0 million tranche is not yet available to us. At   September 30, 2016  , $17.0 million was outstanding under the amended 2014 Term Loan. 
    
  The 2014 Term Loan had an original maturity of July 1, 2018. The eligibility requirements for the second tranche also contained an election for us to extend the maturity date to January 1, 2019. During the second quarter of 2015, we elected to extend the maturity date of the 2014 Term Loan. The maturity date of January 1, 2019 remained unchanged by the First Amendment. 
    
  Each advance accrues interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 7.25% or (ii) the sum of 7.25% plus the prime rate minus 5.0%. The 2014 Term Loan provided for interest-only payments until December 31, 2015, which was extended by us for a six-month period as the eligibility requirements for the second tranche were met during the second quarter of 2015. The First Amendment subsequently extended the interest only period through June 30, 2017. Thereafter, beginning July 1, 2017, principal and interest payments will be made monthly for 18 months with a payoff schedule based upon a 30-month amortization schedule, the original amortization term of the 2014 Term Loan. The remaining unpaid principal is due on January 1, 2019. 
    
  The 2014 Term Loan may be prepaid in whole or in part upon seven business days  prior written notice to Hercules.  Prepayments will be subject to a charge of 3.0% if an advance is prepaid within 12 months following the Closing Date, 2.0%, if an advance is prepaid between 12 and 24 months following the Closing Date, and 1.0% thereafter. Amounts outstanding at the time of an event of default shall be payable on demand and shall accrue interest at an additional rate of 5.0% per annum on any outstanding amounts past due. We also are obligated to pay Hercules an end of term charge of 4.95% of the balance drawn when the advances are repaid. 
    
  Contemporaneously with the 2014 Term Loan, we issued a common stock warrant to Hercules on November 20, 2014. The warrant is exercisable for 73,725 shares of our Common Stock (equal to $607,500 divided by the exercise price of $8.24 per share). 
    
  Operating Capital Requirements 
    
  Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be for the near future, manufacturing costs for pre-clinical and clinical materials, third party clinical trial research and development services, laboratory and related supplies, clinical costs, compensation and related expenses, legal and other regulatory expenses and general overhead costs. 
    
  On the basis of current operating plans, including the plan to focus research investments on immuno-oncology and the planned commencement of Phase 3 trials for GEN-003 in the second half of 2017, Genocea expects that its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as at September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the first quarter of 2018, without assuming any receipt of proceeds from potential business development partnerships, equity financings or debt drawdowns. Through this timeframe, we expect to report six-month placebo-controlled clinical efficacy results from the ongoing Phase 2b study and we anticipate meeting the FDA in an end-of-Phase 2 meeting for GEN-003 in the first quarter of 2017. We are focused on maximizing the potential of our preclinical pipeline and our ATLAS technology for T cell target discovery, including enabling new immuno-oncology therapies. We expect that these funds will not be sufficient to enable us to seek marketing approval or commercialize any of our product candidates. 
    
  We have based our projections of operating capital requirements on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect and we may use all of our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing and costs of our ongoing and planned clinical trials for GEN-003; 
                
    the progress, timing and costs of manufacturing GEN-003 for current and planned clinical trials; 
     
   27 

the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our other product candidates and potential product candidates; 
                
    the outcome, timing and costs of seeking regulatory approvals; 
                
    the costs of commercialization activities for GEN-003 and other product candidates if we receive marketing approval, including the costs and timing of establishing product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing capabilities; 
                
    the receipt of marketing approval; 
                
    revenue received from commercial sales of our product candidates; 
                
    the terms and timing of any future collaborations, grants, licensing, consulting or other arrangements that we may establish; 
                
    the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights, including milestone and royalty payments and patent prosecution fees that we are obligated to pay pursuant to our license agreements; 
                
    the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights and defending against intellectual property related claims; and 
                
    the extent to which we in-license or acquire other products and technologies. 
       
  We expect that we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in order to commercialize GEN-003 and our other product candidates in order to receive regulatory approval. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of Common Stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, the ownership interests of our existing stockholders may be materially diluted and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences that could adversely affect the rights of our existing stockholders. In addition, debt financing, if available, would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends, that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of GEN-003 or our other product candidates, seek collaborators at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available, and relinquish or license, potentially on unfavorable terms, our rights to GEN-003 or our other product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods below (in thousands): 

Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash used in operations increased by approximately $1.7 million to $30.1 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from $28.4 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in net cash used was due primarily to a higher net loss of approximately $1.3 million and a $1.4 million decrease in our working capital accounts both offset by increases in depreciation and amortization (approximately $0.6 million) and stock-based compensation expense (approximately $0.3 million).  

28 

Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by investing activities was $38.2 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net cash used of $44.5 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The $82.7 million increase was due largely to an increase of $42.8 million in net proceeds from maturities and sales of investments and a decrease in investment purchases of $39.9 million.  
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by financing activities decreased $94.6 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   due to $0.8 million in net proceeds from equity offerings under the ATM in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $95.2 million in net proceeds from the follow-on equity offerings in March and August of 2015.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations 
    
  There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016. 

29 

Item 3.                                 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
    
  We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of   $75.5 million   and $106.4 million, respectively, consisting primarily of money market funds, U.S Treasury securities, and FDIC insured certificates of deposits. The investments in these financial instruments are made in accordance with an investment policy approved by our Board of Directors, which specifies the categories, allocations and ratings of securities we may consider for investment. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive without significantly increasing risk. Some of the financial instruments in which we invest could be subject to market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the value of the instruments to fluctuate. For example, if we purchase a security that was issued with a fixed interest rate and the prevailing interest rate later rises, the value of that security will probably decline. To minimize this risk, we intend to maintain a portfolio that may include cash, cash equivalents and investment securities available-for-sale in a variety of securities, which may include money market funds, government and non-government debt securities and commercial paper, all with various maturity dates. Based on our current investment portfolio, we do not believe that our results of operations or our financial position would be materially affected by an immediate change of 10% in interest rates. 
    
  We do not hold or issue derivatives, derivative commodity instruments or other financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. Further, we do not believe our cash equivalents and investment securities have significant risk of default or illiquidity. We made this determination based on discussions with our investment advisors and a review of our holdings. Although we believe our cash equivalents and investment securities do not contain excessive risk, we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future our investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. All of our investments are recorded at fair value. 
    
  We are also exposed to market risk related to change in foreign currency exchange rates. We contract with certain vendors that are located in Europe which have contracts denominated in foreign currencies. We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rates in connection with these agreements. We do not currently hedge our foreign exchange rate risk. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had minimal liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. 

Item 4.                                 Controls and Procedures 
    
  Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016   (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

30 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.                                 Legal Proceedings 
    
  In the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations, proceedings, and threats of litigation relating to intellectual property, commercial arrangements and other matters. While the outcome of these proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, as of   September 30, 2016  , we were not party to any legal or arbitration proceedings that may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on our financial position or profitability. No governmental proceedings are pending or, to our knowledge, contemplated against us. We are not a party to any material proceedings in which any director, member of senior management or affiliate of ours is either a party adverse to us or our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to us or our subsidiaries. 

Item 1A.                        Risk Factors 
    
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016. 

Item 6.                                 Exhibits 
    
  The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibits Index, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

*Confidential treatment has been granted by, or is being requested from, the Securities and Exchange Commission as to certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks), which portions have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of an application for confidential treatment pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as applicable.   

31 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 

Date: November 4, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ WILLIAM D. CLARK 

William D. Clark 

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 4, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ JONATHAN POOLE 

Jonathan Poole 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

32 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 gnca-ex101_2016930xq3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.1  
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

AMENDED AND RESTATED EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT  
  BETWEEN 
  CHILDREN'S MEDICAL CENTER CORPORATION 
  AND 
  GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
  Dated March 23, 2012 and Supplemented with a Side Letter dated March 23, 2012 

EXHIBIT 10.1  
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
           ARTICLE I. 
    DEFINITIONS    3 
              ARTICLE II. 
    GRANT    9 
              ARTICLE III. 
    DUE DILIGENCE AND RELATED MATTERS    15 
              ARTICLE IV. 
    ROYALTIES AND OTHER PAYMENTS    17 
              ARTICLE V. 
    REPORTS, RECORDS AND RELATED MATTERS    20 
              ARTICLE VI. 
    PATENT PROSECUTION    23 
              ARTICLE VII. 
    INFRINGEMENT    25 
              ARTICLE VIII. 
    UNIFORM INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE PROVISIONS    27 
              ARTICLE IX. 
    COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS; EXPORT CONTROLS    30 
              ARTICLE X. 
    NON-USE OF NAMES AND PUBLICATIONS    31 
              ARTICLE XI. 
    ASSIGNMENT    31 
              ARTICLE XII. 
    DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION    32 
              ARTICLE XIII. 
    TERM AND TERMINATION    33 
              ARTICLE XIV. 
    OWNERSHIP    35 
              ARTICLE XV. 
    PAYMENTS, NOTICES, AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS    35 
              ARTICLE XVI. 
    GENERAL PROVISIONS    36 
              ARTICLE XVII. 
    CONFIDENTIALITY    38 

Appendix 1    Patent Rights 
  Appendix 2    Development Plan 
  Appendix 3    MTA 
  Appendix 4    Collaboration Agreement 

i 

EXHIBIT 10.1  
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

AMENDED AND RESTATED EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
    
  This Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of the date last signed below (the "Effective Date"), by and between CHILDREN'S MEDICAL CENTER CORPORATION, a charitable corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and having its principal office at 300 Longwood Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts, 02115, U.S.A. (hereinafter referred to as "CMCC"), and Genocea Biosciences, Inc., a business corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and having its principal office at 161 First Street, Suite 2C, Cambridge, MA 02142, U.S.A. (hereinafter referred to as "Licensee").  CMCC and Licensee may be referred to individually as "Party" and collectively as the "Parties". 
  WHEREAS, Licensee and Children's Hospital Boston ("CHB") entered into a Material Transfer Agreement, dated September 17, 2008 and attached and incorporated as Appendix 3 hereto (the "MTA"), whereby a collaborative research project was performed by the Parties; 
  WHEREAS, CHB and Licensee were each funded by separate awards from PATH Vaccine Solutions ("PVS") and such awards contained provisions for granting a non-exclusive license to certain rights to PVS in the developing world as further described in the "Children's Hospital Collaborative Research Agreement," dated June 19, 2008 and attached and incorporated herein as Appendix 4 (the "Collaboration Agreement"); 
  WHEREAS, the conduct of the Research Plan as defined in the MTA has resulted in the creation of Research Plan Intellectual Property (as defined in the MTA) including the Patent Rights (as that term shall be defined hereafter), and the Licensee wishes to negotiate a license with CMCC to CMCC's interest in the Research Plan Intellectual Property that, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, has been discovered, conceived, made, developed or reduced to practice; 
  
   1 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

WHEREAS, CMCC is a joint owner (along with Licensee) of certain Research Plan Intellectual Property developed under the MTA and the Collaboration Agreement referenced above and has the right to grant exclusive licenses to its rights under the Patent Rights, subject only to a royalty-free, non-exclusive license granted to the United States Government for those inventions and ensuing patents developed with U.S. Government funding, and certain laws and regulations relating to federally funded projects and institutions and the PVS License as defined below; 
  WHEREAS, in furtherance of its charitable and research missions and those laws and regulations, CMCC desires to have the Patent Rights utilized to promote the public interest and to further that goal is willing to grant a license to Licensee on the terms and conditions described herein; 
  WHEREAS, Licensee is experienced in the development of products similar to the technology which is the subject of this Agreement and desires to engage in the commercial development, production, manufacture, marketing and sale of Licensed Products (as that term shall be defined hereafter) and/or the use of Licensed Processes (as that term shall be defined hereafter) via the implementation of a development program as described in this Agreement; 
  WHEREAS, CMCC and Licensee are parties to that certain Exclusive License Agreement, effective as of February 18, 2010, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Exclusive License Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2011 (the "Original Agreement") pursuant to which CMCC granted to Licensee an exclusive license to CMCC's rights, within a designated territory and for a prescribed field of use, relating to certain licensed products and processes within the scope of the Patent Rights; and 
  WHEREAS, the Parties now desire to modify their arrangements under the Original Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 
  
   2 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

ARTICLE 0.    AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 
  CMCC and Licensee hereby agree that, as of the Effective Date, the Original Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in this Agreement, and the Original Agreement shall be of no further force or effect from and after the Effective Date, provided that except as expressly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall affect the rights and obligations of the Parties under the Original Agreement with respect to periods prior to the Effective Date, all of which shall survive in accordance with their terms. 
           ARTICLE I. 
    DEFINITIONS 
     For the purpose of this Agreement, the following words and phrases shall have the meanings set forth below: 
           A. 
    "Affiliate" shall mean any company or other legal entity actually controlling, controlled by or under common control with a Party.  For purposes of the definition of "Affiliate" the term "control" shall mean: (i) in the case of a corporate entity, the ability to effect the election of directors, or in the case of a for-profit entity direct or indirect ownership of at least a majority of the stock or participating shares entitled to vote for the election of directors of that entity, in any case coupled with active managerial involvement and accountability for directing the business and affairs of that entity; (ii) in the case of a partnership, the power customarily held by a managing partner to direct the management and policies of such partnership, provided that such power is actively exercised; or (iii) in the case of a joint venture, whether in corporate, partnership or other legal form, a prevailing joint economic interest coupled with a managerial role entailing active direction, control and accountability with respect to the business and affairs of the entity. 
              B. 
    "Chargeback Payments" shall mean payments made by Licensee, its Affiliates, its agents, or its Sublicensees to wholesalers to cover the difference between the  
     
   3 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

price charged for a Licensed Product to such wholesaler and the price charged for such Licensed Product to group purchasing organizations, managed health care organizations or to federal, state/provincial, local and other governments, including their agencies, who are the final customer and who will be an end user of the Licensed Product. 
           C. 
    "Combination Product(s) or Process(es)" shall mean a product or process that includes a Licensed Product or Licensed Process sold in combination with another component(s) whose manufacture, use or sale by an unlicensed party would not constitute an infringement of the Patent Rights licensed in this Agreement. 
              D. 
    "Commercially Reasonable Efforts" shall mean, with respect to the efforts to be expended by Licensee to any objective for maintaining the priority of rapid and effective development, Licensee shall use diligent efforts and resources consistent with practices used in the Licensee's industry for a product which is of similar commercial potential at a similar state in its development or product life, taking into account issues of efficacy, safety, market size, the competitiveness of alternative products in the marketplace, any legal or technical difficulties directly related to such product development, the patent and other proprietary position of the product, regulatory approvals, and the actual and/or projected profitability of the product.  It is understood that, for the purposes of this definition of "Commercially Reasonable Efforts", the commercial potential of a product may change from time to time based upon certain changing considerations, including without limitation changing scientific, business, marketing and return on investment considerations. 
              E. 
    "Developing Countries" shall mean (i) those countries identified by the World Bank as of June 19, 2008 as having "low income economies" or "lower-middle income economies" and (ii) Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Mexico, and South Africa, provided these five countries specifically listed herein are not reclassified as "high  
     
   4 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

income economies" by the World Bank as of the date that a license is granted to PVS pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement. 
           F. 
    "Fair Market Value" shall mean, with respect to a valuation required by any provision of this Agreement, the price which a willing buyer would pay, on an arm's length basis, for all rights and related intellectual property assets which comprise the assets, data, or rights being valued, in light of all relevant factors including, without limitation, the status of development and reasonably anticipated risks and costs of further development and the market potential for the commercialization of such assets, data or rights.  In any case where Fair Market Value must be determined but is not determined by good faith negotiations between the Parties in sixty (60) days, the determination will be made by an independent third party accounting firm to be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.  In the event that the Parties cannot agree upon an independent third party accounting firm within twenty (20) days, Fair Market Value will be determined by a panel of three (3) independent third party accounting firms, one chosen by Licensee, one chosen by CMCC and one chosen at the mutual agreement of the two chosen firms.  Any such determination will be binding and conclusive upon the Parties and the Parties will split the costs of such determination. 
              G. 
    "Field of Use" shall mean the prevention and treatment of   Streptococcus     pneumoniae  . 
              H. 
    "First Commercial Sale" shall mean, with respect to each country: (i) the first sale of any Licensed Product or Licensed Process by Licensee or any Sublicensee, following approval of such Licensed Product's or Licensed Process's marketing by the appropriate governmental agency, if any such approval is necessary, for the country in which the sale is to be made; or (ii) when governmental approval is not required, the first sale by Licensee or any Sublicensee in that country of the Licensed Product or Licensed Process. 
     
   5 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

I. 
    "Licensed Product" shall mean: 
              1. 
    Any product or part thereof in the Field of Use the manufacture, use or sale of which is covered by any Valid Claim in the country in which it is manufactured, used or sold; or 
              2. 
    Any product or part thereof in the Field of Use the manufacture or use of which uses a "Licensed Process" as that term shall be defined hereafter; or 
              3. 
    Any service provided for or on behalf of a third party on a fee-for-service basis that entails the practice of a Licensed Process. 
              J. 
    "Licensed Process" shall mean any process the practice of which is covered by any Valid Claim. 
              K. 
    "Licensee" shall mean Licensee and its successors and assignees permitted by this Agreement (including Affiliates where they are assignees permitted by this Agreement). 
              L. 
    "Net Sales" shall mean the gross amounts recognized for sales, leases, or other transfers of Licensed Products by Licensee, its Affiliates, its agents, or its Sublicensees for any Licensed Products to a final customer who will be an end user of the Licensed Product and is not an Affiliate or Sublicensee, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or the then-current internal accounting standard used by the Licensee and/or its Affiliates, less the following amounts (if not previously deducted from gross amounts invoiced): 
              1. 
    credits and allowances for price adjustment, rejection, uncollectible amounts or return of Licensed Products previously sold; 
     
   6 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

2. 
    Chargeback Payments, fees, rebates, and quantity and cash discounts to purchasers allowed and taken, including, without limitation, payments made to buying groups; 
              3. 
    amounts for third party transportation, insurance, handling or shipping charges to purchasers; 
              4. 
    taxes, duties and other governmental charges levied on or measured by the sale of Licensed Products, whether absorbed by Licensee or paid by the purchaser so long as Licensee's price is reduced thereby, but not franchise or income taxes of any kind whatsoever; 
              5. 
    for any sale in which the United States government, on the basis of its royalty-free license pursuant to 35 USC Sec. 202(c) to any Patent Right, requires that the gross sales price of any Licensed Product subject to such Patent Right, be reduced by the amount of such royalty owed Licensor, the amount of such royalty. 
     Licensee shall make periodic adjustments to the amounts described in (1) through (5) above, to its initial accruals of such amounts applied to prior periods, in order to reflect amounts actually incurred or deducted by the Licensee; provided, however, that Licensee shall use the same accrual method that is used for its own financial accounting purposes.  Net Sales also includes the Fair Market Value of any non-cash consideration received by Licensee (as defined herein) or any Sublicensee in exchange for the sale, lease, or transfer of Licensed Products. 
  Neither consideration deemed to be a Sublicensee Payment nor the transfer of a Licensed Product within Licensee or between Licensee and an Affiliate or a Sublicensee for sale by the transferee shall be considered a Net Sale for purposes of ascertaining royalty charges.  In such circumstances, the gross amounts invoiced and resulting Net Sales price shall be based upon the sale of the Licensed Product by the transferee. 
  
   7 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

M. 
    "Patent Rights" shall mean all of the following intellectual property which CMCC owns or has rights to during the Term of this Agreement as hereafter defined: 
              1. 
    The United States and foreign patent applications listed in Appendix 1 attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference and divisionals and continuations thereof. 
              2. 
    The United States and foreign patents issued from the applications listed in Appendix 1 and from divisionals and continuations of those applications. 
              3. 
    Claims of United States and foreign continuation-in-part applications, and of the resulting patents, which are directed to the subject matter specifically described in the United States and foreign patent applications described in Appendix 1. 
              4. 
    Claims of all later filed foreign patent applications, and of the resulting patents, which are directed to the subject matter specifically described in the United States patent and/or patent applications described in subparagraphs 1, 2 or 3 of this ARTICLE I, Paragraph M. 
              5. 
    Any reissues, divisions, amendments or extensions of the United States or foreign patents described in subparagraphs 1, 2, 3 or 4 of this ARTICLE I, Paragraph M. 
              N. 
    "PVS License" shall mean the non-exclusive license granted by CHB to PVS pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, as attached and incorporated herein as Appendix 4.  Such rights to PVS include a non-exclusive royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to (i) develop, make or have made, and use a pneumococcal T cell based protein vaccine in the world and (ii) use market,  
     
   8 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

promote, distribute and sell a pneumococcal T cell-based protein vaccine in Developing Countries as defined in Paragraph E of this ARTICLE I. 
           O. 
    "Sublicensee" shall mean a person or entity unaffiliated with Licensee to whom Licensee has granted an arm's length sublicense under this Agreement. 
              P. 
    "Sublicensee Payments" shall mean any payments received by Licensee from a Sublicensee (whether in the form of cash, Fair Market Value of cash equivalents or Fair Market Value of securities of Sublicensee or any other third party) in consideration of permitting the Sublicensee to practice the Patent Rights licensed to Licensee hereunder, including but not limited to sublicense issue fees, any lump sum payments, milestone payments, technology transfer payments or other similar fees;   provided  ,   however  , that Sublicensee Payments shall not include any (i) royalty or profit-sharing payments;   provided     further  ,   however  , that Sublicensee Payments shall include profit-sharing payments if Licensee receives royalty payments based on Net Sales of Licensed Products in addition to profit-sharing payments from a Sublicensee in a contractual arrangement with such Sublicensee, (ii) reimbursement of patent prosecution expenses that have not been recovered prior to the sublicense, (iii) funded research arrangements after the Effective Date of this Agreement (including without limitation any amounts received by Licensee from PVS), (iv) amounts received by Licensee for the Fair Market Value of the sale of its equity securities to Sublicensee, or (5) the attributed value of any cross-license granted by a Sublicensee to Licensee to the extent such cross-license provides Licensee with freedom to operate with respect to a Licensed Product or Licensed Process (but not excluding any monetary consideration actually received from such Sublicensee on account of such cross-license). 
              Q. 
    "Territory" shall mean world-wide. 
              R. 
    "Term" shall have the meaning stated in Paragraph A of ARTICLE XIII. 
     
   9 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

S. 
    "Valid Claim" means an issued, unexpired claim or pending claim of a Patent Right, which issued claim or pending claim has not been revoked or held unenforceable, unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, which is not appealable or has not been appealed within the time allowed for appeal, and which has not been abandoned, disclaimed, denied or admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through reissue, re-examination or disclaimer or other final, irrevocable action. 
              ARTICLE II. 
    GRANT 
              A. 
    Subject to the terms of this Agreement, CMCC hereby grants to Licensee, under CMCC's one-half ownership interest in the Patent Rights, subject to the rights granted to PVS under the PVS License as set forth in Appendix 4 and the rights retained by CMCC pursuant to ARTICLE II, Paragraph B below, the worldwide right and exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, to import, make, have made, use, lease, offer for sale, sell and otherwise export the Licensed Products, and to practice the Licensed Processes, in the Territory for the Field of Use during the Term, unless sooner terminated as provided in this Agreement. 
              B. 
    Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, CMCC shall retain a royalty-free, non-exclusive, right to practice and use, and to license for a nominal fee (such as shipping and handling charges) to academic nonprofit research organizations to practice and/or use the Patent Rights for their own Licensed Products and Licensed Processes, for research, educational, clinical and/or charitable purposes only.  Any such license shall specifically exclude and prohibit any commercialization of the Patent Rights, including any of such organization's own Licensed Products and Licensed Processes.  For clarity, nothing in this Paragraph B or elsewhere in this Agreement obligates Licensee or any Sublicensee to transfer or otherwise provide any of their respective Licensed Products or Licensed Processes to CMCC or any other third party. 
     
   10 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

C. 
    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the license and any sublicense shall be subject to the rights of the United States government, if any, under Public Law 96-517, 97-226, and 98-620, codified at 35 U.S.C. sec. 200-212 and any regulations promulgated thereunder; the obligations of CMCC under applicable laws and regulations; and Licensee's warranty to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 
              D. 
    Licensee agrees that Licensed Products leased or sold in the United States shall be manufactured substantially in the United States to the extent required by applicable law.  Upon the First Commercial Sale and thereafter, Licensee's annual report to CMCC shall substantiate Licensee's compliance with this provision.  To support exclusivity for Licensee consistent with this Agreement, CMCC hereby agrees that, except as provided in Paragraph B of this ARTICLE II, and the grant under the PVS License, it shall not, without Licensee's prior written consent (which Licensee shall have no obligation to give and shall be given at Licensee's sole discretion) grant to any other commercial party a license to make, have made, use, lease and/or sell Licensed Products, or to use the Licensed Processes in the Field of Use, during the period of time in which this Agreement is in effect, except as required by laws affecting the rights of the United States Government. 
              E. 
    The license granted hereunder shall not be construed to confer any rights upon Licensee by implication, estoppel or otherwise as to any inventions, discoveries, know-how, technology or other intellectual property not described in Paragraph A of this ARTICLE II. 
              F. 
    In the event that Licensee uses any non-public information it has acquired in the course of prosecution of the Patent Rights from CMCC and/or patent counsel prosecuting the Patent Rights, or non-public information Licensee has provided, or recommendations made by Licensee that have been implemented in whole or in part with respect to prosecution of the Patent Rights, to formally challenge  
     
   11 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

CMCC's joint ownership of the Patent Rights before any applicable regulatory authority, without CMCC's consent, then CMCC may immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Licensee.  Any assignment or sublicense granted by Licensee of the rights granted to it hereunder shall contain a substantially similar provision applicable to the assignee or Sublicensee. 
           G. 
    Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or constrain CMCC, or any officer, director, employee, member of its medical staff, or of any CMCC Affiliate, from continuing to engage in related research; or from the development of related or unrelated inventions, discoveries, rights or technology, and from practicing, licensing or sublicensing related or unrelated intellectual property rights arising from their own inventions occurring after the Effective Date of this Agreement; or from academic publication related thereto; or from entering into agreements and other relationships with other persons or organizations related to matters not regarding the Patent Rights, Licensed Products and Licensed Processes in the Field of Use and matters otherwise not within the scope of this Agreement. 
              H. 
    If, during the Term of this Agreement, CMCC makes any discovery or invention that CMCC reasonably believes to be patentable that is not included within the scope of the license to the Patent Rights granted hereunder but is dominated by the Patent Rights, CMCC shall use reasonable efforts to offer Licensee an option to exclusively license CMCC's rights to such discovery or invention, whether or not patentable, under which license Licensee may fully exploit (including without limitation, develop, manufacture and commercialize) such discovery or invention on an exclusive basis.  Upon Licensee's acceptance of such option, which acceptance must be made within forty-five (45) days of receipt of notice from CMCC of any such discovery or invention, CMCC and Licensee shall negotiate the terms of such exclusive license in good faith for at least one hundred and  
     
   12 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

eighty (180) days from the time of CMCC's disclosure of such discovery and invention and CMCC shall use good faith commercially reasonable efforts to reach agreement with Licensee on the terms of such definitive license agreement.  If the Parties are unable to reach agreement after such good faith negotiations, CMCC shall be free, and without any obligations to Licensee, to offer such rights to any other party. 
           I. 
    Licensee shall have the right to enter into sublicensing agreements with respect to any of the rights, privileges, and licenses granted hereunder, subject to the terms and conditions hereof: CMCC agrees that, in the event CMCC terminates this Agreement for any reason provided hereafter, then CMCC shall provide to known Sublicensees, no less than thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of said termination, written notice of said termination at the address specified by Licensee in the notice provided to CMCC under Paragraph J of this ARTICLE II.  If the Sublicensee, during that thirty (30) day period, provides to CMCC authorized and written notice that the Sublicensee: (i) reaffirms the terms and conditions of this Agreement as it relates to the rights the Sublicensee has been granted under the sublicense; (ii) agrees to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement applicable to Sublicensees and to discharge directly all pertinent obligations of Licensee which Licensee is obligated hereunder to discharge; and (iii) acknowledges that CMCC shall have no obligations to the Sublicensee other than its pertinent obligations set forth in this Agreement with regard to Licensee, then, provided that the Sublicensee has fulfilled (i), (ii) and (iii) herein and Sublicensee is not in material breach of its sublicense, CMCC shall grant to such Sublicensee a license with rights and on terms equivalent to the sublicense rights and terms which the Licensee shall have previously granted to said Sublicensee, to the extent that those rights were granted by CMCC to the Licensee under this Agreement.  In any event, the Sublicensee shall remain a Sublicensee under this Agreement for a period of at least sixty (60) days  
     
   13 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

following notice by CMCC under this Paragraph I.  For the avoidance of doubt, a Sublicensee will be considered in material breach of its sublicense if Sublicensee has committed an outstanding uncured payment default or an outstanding uncured breach of its diligence obligations under such sublicense. 
           J. 
    In any event, Licensee agrees that any sublicense granted by it shall impose obligations on the Sublicensee consistent with Licensee's obligations to CMCC under ARTICLES II (Grant), VII (Infringement), VIII (Uniform Indemnification and Insurance Provisions), IX (Compliance with Laws; Export Controls), and X, Paragraph A, (Non-Use of Names and Publications) of this Agreement (such flow-down obligations collectively, the "CMCC Obligations").  The CMCC Obligations shall be binding upon the Sublicensee for the benefit of CMCC and Licensee.  In addition, every sublicense shall (1) contain requirements for commercially reasonable due diligence efforts from the Sublicensees in the development or exploitation of the Patent Rights, or the sale of Licensed Products, as specifically applicable, and (2) obligate Licensee to use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to enforce those provisions consistent with achieving Licensee's obligations pursuant to this Agreement.  The Licensee's sublicenses shall also make CMCC a third-party beneficiary of the sublicense, with the right, but not the obligation, to enforce the CMCC Obligations in the event Licensee fails to, provided that CMCC has provided Licensee sixty (60) days' written notice to Licensee of CMCC's belief that Sublicensee has not complied with CMCC Obligations and within such sixty (60) day period, Licensee has not either (i) reasonably shown that such CMCC Obligations are being complied with or such non-compliance is immaterial or (ii) made reasonable efforts to enforce such CMCC Obligations with respect to the defaulting Sublicensee.  Licensee agrees to provide to CMCC notice of any sublicense granted hereunder or amendments related thereto and to forward to CMCC a copy of any and all fully executed sublicense agreements or amendments within thirty (30) days after execution.   
     
   14 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Regarding such copies, Licensee may reasonably redact confidential information of Licensee or Sublicensee only to the extent that it does not impair CMCC's ability to ensure Licensee's or Sublicensee's compliance with the terms of this Agreement.  Licensee further agrees to forward to CMCC annually a copy of such reports received by Licensee from its Sublicensees during the preceding twelve (12) month period as shall be pertinent to a royalty accounting under the applicable sublicense and compliance with the other terms of this Agreement. 
           K. 
    Licensee shall advise CMCC in writing of any consideration received from Sublicensees, and, at CMCC's reasonable request, provide such information in an electronic or other format recognizable by CMCC's data processing systems.  Licensee shall not accept from any Sublicensee anything of value in lieu of cash payments to discharge Sublicensee's payment obligations (if any) under any sublicense granted under this Agreement, without the express written permission of CMCC, which permission shall not be unreasonably withheld but may take into account a reasonable valuation for purposes of Licensee's payment obligations to CMCC. 
              ARTICLE III. 
    DUE DILIGENCE AND RELATED MATTERS 
              A. 
    Licensee, upon execution of this Agreement, shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts in good faith to bring at least one (1) Licensed Product to market as soon as reasonably practicable, consistent with sound and legal business practices and judgment, through a program using Commercially Reasonable Efforts for the exploitation of the Patent Rights.  Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain all necessary government approvals for the manufacture, use, sale and distribution of Licensed Products.  Thereafter, Licensee agrees that until expiration or termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to keep Licensed Products reasonably available to the public, in quantities sufficient to meet market demand, in the Territory.  In the event  
     
   15 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Licensee decides not to exploit, either directly or indirectly, a licensed Patent Right in a given country of the Territory, it shall promptly inform CMCC in writing and the license granted to it hereunder with respect to that Patent Right in that country in the Territory will immediately terminate. 
           B. 
    Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to accomplish the specific tasks set forth in Appendix 2 attached hereto in accordance with the timeframe set forth therein (such Appendix 2 is hereby incorporated by reference and is referred to herein as the "Development Plan") 
              C. 
    Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to accomplish the specific requirements of the Development Plan, including the Diligence Specifications set forth in this Paragraph C (the "Diligence Specifications").  The Diligence Specifications shall be part of the Development Plan and the timeframes for such Diligence Specifications shall be treated as definitive. 
              1. 
    Determine protective efficacy of Licensed Products in mouse colonization or systemic models within [* * *].  The Parties acknowledge and agree that Licensee has completed this Diligence Specification as of [* * *]. 
              2. 
    Nominate top 2-3 Licensed Products for vaccine formulation within [* * *] of accomplishing Diligence Specification 1. 
              3. 
    Final formulation of Licensed Product for pre-IND studies within [* * *] of accomplishing Diligence Specification 2. 
              4. 
    Completion of toxicology lots of nominated Licensed Products for   in vivo   toxicology studies within [* * *] of accomplishing Diligence Specification 3. 
     
   16 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

D. 
    In the event Licensee fails to meet any of the objective(s) set forth in the Development Plan, including without limitation the Diligence Specifications, in a timely manner, CMCC shall notify Licensee thereof in writing, and Licensee shall have sixty (60) days following such notification to establish to the reasonable satisfaction of CMCC that (i) it has met such objective(s); or (ii) a revision to the Development Plan is necessary and appropriate as contemplated below in Paragraph E.  In the event Licensee fails to establish the same to CMCC's reasonable satisfaction, CMCC shall have the right in its sole discretion to terminate in whole or in part the license granted to Licensee under this Agreement effective immediately. 
              E. 
    Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, CMCC shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to any revision of the objective(s) or timing of the Development Plan, when requested in writing in advance by Licensee and the request is supported by evidence reasonably acceptable to CMCC: (i) of technical difficulties or delays that Licensee could not reasonably have avoided; (ii) that Licensee is proposing and will implement satisfactory and effective means of addressing such difficulties or delays, including sufficient financial and technical resources; and (iii) that Licensee, its Affiliates and/or Sublicensees have in good faith made Commercially Reasonable Efforts and expended commercially reasonable and adequate resources to meet said objective and will continue to do so. 
              F. 
    If, during the Term of this Agreement, Licensee makes any discovery or invention that Licensee reasonably believes to be patentable and is not within the scope of the license to the Patent Rights granted to it hereunder but is dominated by the Patent Rights, Licensee shall, as a condition of this license, confidentially disclose such discovery or invention to CMCC, on usual and customary terms necessary to protect its patentability or its confidentiality as a trade secret.  CMCC shall have  
     
   17 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

the right to review in advance of filing any related patent application by or on behalf of Licensee or any assignee of Licensee, for purposes of evaluating the relatedness to the Patent Rights.  Recognizing that CMCC enters into this Agreement in furtherance of its charitable academic research mission, Licensee shall use good faith and reasonable efforts to enter into with CMCC a non-exclusive license or permit CMCC, as applicable, including for no more than a nominal fee, to practice such discovery or invention, whether or not patented, solely for CMCC internal and academic research purposes.  For the avoidance of doubt, any license granted under this ARTICLE III, Paragraph F by Licensee to CMCC shall not grant CMCC, its Affiliates or its sublicensees any right to use or practice the licensed rights for commercial purposes. 
           ARTICLE IV. 
    ROYALTIES AND OTHER PAYMENTS 
              A. 
    For the rights, privileges and exclusive license granted hereunder, Licensee shall pay to CMCC the following amounts in the manner hereinafter provided.  Unless expressly stated otherwise in this Agreement, periodic payment obligations listed below shall endure through the Term of this Agreement, unless this Agreement shall be sooner terminated as hereinafter provided. 
              1. 
    A license amendment fee of [* * *], and such fee is due within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date of this Agreement. 
              2. 
    As of the Effective Date Licensee has paid in full the license issue fee of [* * *], which license issue fee was deemed earned and due within thirty (30) days of the effective date of the Original Agreement. 
              3. 
    Licensee shall make the following one-time payments to CMCC in connection with the first occurrence of the following events ("Milestones"): 
     
   18 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

(a) 
    [* * *] upon the [* * *] by Licensee or any Sublicensee with respect to a Licensed Product; 
              (b) 
    [* * *] upon the [* * *] by Licensee or any Sublicensee with respect to a Licensed Product; and 
              (c) 
    [* * *] upon the [* * *] of a Licensed Product. 
     Licensee will promptly notify CMCC in writing of the achievement of any of the foregoing Milestones by Licensee or any of its Sublicensees, and will require its Sublicensees to provide it with prompt written notice upon their achievement of any of the foregoing Milestones.  CMCC may invoice Licensee for the applicable Milestone payment after receipt of such notice, and Licensee shall pay such invoice within forty-five (45) days after its receipt thereof. 
           B. 
    During the Term, Licensee shall pay CMCC running royalties in an amount equal to [* * *] of Net Sales of Licensed Products or Licensed Processes used, leased or sold by and/or for Licensee (including its Affiliates) or any Sublicensees ("Running Royalties");   provided  ,   however  , to the extent that a license or licenses is required by Licensee to third party patents or other intellectual property (i) in order to practice the Patent Rights, or (ii) in order to manufacture or sell Licensed Products without such activities (as described in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence) resulting in the infringement of such third party intellectual property, Licensee may, for each such required license, deduct from the Running Royalties owed to CMCC an amount up to [* * *] of the royalties due to each third party for such intellectual property rights;   provided     further  , that no single Running Royalty payment owed to CMCC may be reduced by more than [* * *] as a result of any such deduction.  Licensee may not deduct, as a result of any such required third party license, a greater percentage of royalties from those owed to CMCC than the  
     
   19 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

percentage deducted from such third party from whom such license is required as described in this Paragraph.  Notwithstanding anything in this ARTICLE IV, Paragraph B, the Running Royalty owed to CMCC by Licensee shall not be reduced below [* * *] of the Net Sales of Licensed Products or Licensed Processes. 
           1. 
    No multiple royalties shall be payable on account of any Licensed Product or Licensed Process, its manufacture, use, lease or sale being covered by more than one Patent Rights patent application or Patent Rights issued patent licensed under this Agreement.  In the event that any patent or claim thereof included within the Patent Rights is no longer a Valid Claim, then all obligations to pay royalties based on that patent or claim or any claim patentably indistinct therefrom will cease as of the date such patent or claim is no longer a Valid Claim. 
              2. 
    For purposes of calculating royalties, in the event that a Licensed Product includes [* * *], then Net Sales of the [* * *] shall be calculated using one of the following methods: 
              (a) 
    [* * *]; or 
              (b) 
    In the event that no such [* * *] during the applicable accounting period, Net Sales for purposes of determining royalties payable hereunder shall be calculated by [* * *]. 
              C. 
    In the event Licensee has granted sublicenses under this Agreement, Licensee shall pay to CMCC the relevant percentage as set forth below of Sublicensee Payments: (i) [* * *] of Sublicensee Payments received by Licensee any time prior to [* * *]; and (ii) [* * *] of Sublicensee Payments received by Licensee any time after [* * *]. 
     
   20 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

D. 
    Royalty payments shall be paid in United States dollars in Boston, Massachusetts, or at such other place as CMCC may reasonably designate consistent with the laws and regulations controlling in any foreign country.  If currency conversion shall be required in connection with the payments of royalties or other amounts hereunder, the conversion shall be made by using the exchange rate prevailing at Bank of America on the last business day of the calendar quarterly reporting period to which such royalty payments relate. 
              E. 
    Licensee shall make payment of the amounts specified in this ARTICLE IV to CMCC within forty-five (45) days after March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 each year during the Term of this Agreement, covering the quantity of Licensed Products sold by Licensee during the preceding calendar quarter (in the case of royalties payable under ARTICLE IV, Paragraph B) and covering the percentage of any Sublicensee Payment (as calculated in accordance with ARTICLE IV, Paragraph C) received during the preceding calendar quarter.  The last such payment shall be made within forty-five (45) days after termination of this Agreement.  The royalty payments set forth in this Agreement shall, if overdue, bear interest until payment at a per annum rate of two and a half percent (2.5%) above the prime rate in effect at Bank of America on the due date.  The payment of such interest shall not foreclose CMCC from exercising any other rights it may have as a consequence of the lateness of any payment. 
              ARTICLE V. 
    REPORTS, RECORDS AND RELATED MATTERS 
              A. 
    Licensee shall keep, and shall require its Affiliates and Sublicensees to keep, full, true and accurate books and records, including books of account in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, in sufficient detail to enable CMCC to determine Licensee's compliance with this Agreement, including diligence with respect to development, and the royalty and other amounts payable to CMCC under this Agreement.  Said books and records, including books of  
     
   21 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

account, shall be kept at Licensee's principal place of business or the principal place of business of the appropriate division of Licensee to which this Agreement relates.  Said books and the supporting data shall be retained for at least four (4) years following the end of the calendar year to which they pertain. 
           B. 
    CMCC shall have the right to inspect, copy and audit, on five (5) business days' notice, the books described above from time to time to verify the reports provided for herein or compliance in other respects with this Agreement.  CMCC or its agents shall perform such inspection, copying and auditing at CMCC's expense during Licensee's regular business hours.  CMCC may exercise its rights under this Paragraph B of ARTICLE V no more than one (1) time in any twelve-month period unless for cause. 
              C. 
    Until the later of First Commercial Sale of a Licensed Product or the achievement of the last development Milestone, and for such later periods as CMCC shall by written request from time to time require, Licensee shall provide to CMCC, at least annually, reasonable detail regarding the activities of Licensee and Licensee's Affiliates and Sublicensees relative to achieving the objectives set forth in the Development Plan in a timely manner, including but not limited to, financial expenditures to achieve said objectives; research and development activities; names, addresses and actions of all Sublicensees and Affiliates; the progress of obtaining regulatory approvals; strategic alliances and manufacturing, sublicensing and marketing efforts.  Licensee shall report no more than quarterly. 
              D. 
    After First Commercial Sale, within ninety days (90) after the end of each calendar quarter, Licensee shall deliver to CMCC, at Licensee's expense, true and accurate reports for the said preceding quarter, giving such particulars of the business conducted by Licensee, its Affiliates and its Sublicensees under this Agreement as shall be pertinent to CMCC determining compliance with this Agreement, including a royalty accounting hereunder and to verify Licensee's  
     
   22 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

activities with respect to achieving the objectives of the Development Plan described in ARTICLE III above.  Licensee shall provide these reports in an electronic or other format compatible with CMCC's data processing and/or license management systems (e.g., Microsoft Excel) as CMCC may reasonably specify.  Such Reports shall include at least the following: 
           1. 
    Number of Licensed Products and Licensed Processes manufactured and sold and a breakdown indicating numbers sold to CHB. 
              2. 
    Total Net Sales for Licensed Products and Licensed Processes sold, by country. 
              3. 
    Accounting for all Licensed Products and Licensed Processes disposed of for no consideration, such as those distributed for, as the case may be, test marketing, sampling and promotional uses, clinical trial purposes, regulatory approval or compliance, compassionate uses, global access programs intended to provide Licensed Product at reduced prices in the developing world, or other similar uses. 
              4. 
    Applicable deductions including but not limited to e.g. Chargeback Payments, and rebates. 
              5. 
    Total royalties payable to CMCC. 
              6. 
    Names and addresses of all Sublicensees of Licensee. 
              7. 
    Payments received by Licensee from Affiliates and Sublicensees. 
              8. 
    Licensed Products manufactured and sold to the U.S. Government, segregating those sold at a profit from those sold at cost in light of any royalty-free, non-exclusive license that may heretofore have been granted to the U.S. Government. 
     
   23 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

9. 
    A listing, with brief descriptions, of any intellectual property required to be disclosed pursuant to ARTICLE III, Paragraph F. 
              E. 
    On or before the ninetieth (90th) day following the close of Licensee's fiscal year, Licensee shall provide CMCC with Licensee's certified financial statements for the preceding fiscal year, including without limitation all statements reflecting profits and losses from operations, cash balances, and any management letter. 
              F. 
    Licensee acknowledges that policies of CMCC, Harvard Medical School and affiliated organizations, relating to, inter alia, conflicts of interest and intellectual property, may affect certain direct and indirect arrangements between inventors and Licensee or related organizations.  During the Term of this Agreement and for so long as a CHB-inventor of the Patent Rights is affiliated with CHB or Harvard Medical School, Licensee shall notify CMCC in writing at least 30 days before Licensee, or any Affiliate of Licensee, or any organization owned, controlled or influenced by a substantial shareholder ( 5%), officer or director of Licensee, enters into any agreement other than this Agreement with or involving such CHB-inventor, or his or her family, relatives or members or staff of his or her laboratory, whether relating to sponsored research, consulting, board membership, securities, or otherwise.  Licensee's notice to CMCC shall include a detailed description of all proposed terms and conditions.  Licensee shall not enter into such an agreement if it would violate such policies unless the terms and conditions of the agreement have been duly approved pursuant to such policies. 
              ARTICLE VI. 
    PATENT PROSECUTION 
              A. 
    Licensee shall apply for, seek prompt issuance of, and maintain during the Term of this Agreement the Patent Rights set forth in Appendix 1 using counsel reasonably acceptable to CMCC.  The specifications of any such patent application and any patent issuing thereon shall state, to the extent applicable, "This invention was made with government support under [contract] awarded by  
     
   24 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

[Federal agency].  The government has certain rights in this invention." The prosecution, filing and maintenance of all Patent Rights applications and patents shall be the primary responsibility of Licensee and at Licensee's sole expense.  CMCC will be copied on all patent prosecution correspondence.  CMCC shall have reasonable opportunities to comment on and to advise Licensee regarding such prosecution and shall reasonably cooperate with Licensee at Licensee's sole expense, in the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Patent Rights. 
           B. 
    Licensee shall reimburse CMCC for all patent costs, past, present and future incurred by CMCC for the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of patents underlying the Patent Rights.  After the Effective Date, CMCC shall not incur any such patent prosecution expenses related to the Patent Rights without Licensee's prior written consent except for those Patent Rights CMCC has the right to prosecute pursuant to Paragraph C and D of this ARTICLE VI.  Upon request of CMCC, and only upon such request, Licensee agrees to have CMCC's patent counsel directly bill Licensee and Licensee shall directly pay such invoices in compliance with such counsel's customary business terms, but in any event within thirty (30) days. 
              C. 
    If, in any country, Licensee elects to no longer pay the expenses of a patent application or patent included within Patent Rights, Licensee shall notify CMCC not less than thirty (30) days prior to such action (but no less than sixty (60) days prior to the date that a response related to such patent application or patent is due) and, in such event, the license granted to Licensee hereunder with respect to such patent or patent application in such country will immediately cease.  Such notice shall not relieve Licensee from responsibility to pay such patent related expenses incurred by Licensee prior to the expiration of the notice period (or such longer period specified in Licensee's notice).  CMCC may elect to continue paying such  
     
   25 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

patent related expenses, at its own expense, and Licensee will execute all documents CMCC may reasonably request for such purposes; however no such action will change the Parties' respective ownership interests in the relevant patent or patent application. 
           D. 
    In the event Licensee elects not to pursue, maintain or retain a particular Patent Right(s) listed in Appendix 1 in any country in the Territory, then Licensee shall immediately notify CMCC in writing and, subject to the rights of the United States government and any other contractual obligations to research sponsors, Licensee will authorize CMCC to assume the filing, prosecution and/or maintenance of such application or patent in such country at CMCC's expense.  In such event, Licensee shall provide to CMCC any authorization necessary to permit CMCC to pursue and/or maintain such Patent Right and Licensee's license under this Agreement to that Patent Right in such country will immediately cease.  CMCC shall then be free to license its one-half ownership interest in the applicable Patent Right(s) to any third party without any obligations to Licensee (other than those obligations with respect to Joint Inventions as set forth in the MTA and ARTICLE XIV of this Agreement). 
              ARTICLE VII. 
    INFRINGEMENT 
              A. 
    Licensee and CMCC shall each inform the other promptly in writing of any alleged infringement by a third party of the Patent Rights in the Field of Use and of any available evidence thereof. 
              B. 
    During the Term of this Agreement, CMCC shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, to prosecute at its own expense any infringement of the Patent Rights and, in furtherance of such right, Licensee hereby agrees that CMCC may include Licensee as a party plaintiff in any such suit, without expense to Licensee.  No settlement, consent judgment or other voluntary final disposition of the suit that adversely affects the rights of Licensee under this Agreement may be entered into  
     
   26 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

without the consent of Licensee.  The total cost of any infringement action commenced or defended solely by CMCC shall be borne by CMCC.  Any recovery or damages for past infringement derived therefrom will first be applied to CMCC and Licensee's expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, in connection therewith, and any balance remaining then will be divided eighty percent (80%) to CMCC and twenty percent (20%) to Licensee. 
           C. 
    If within three (3) months after having been notified with sufficient facts of any alleged infringement, CMCC shall have been unsuccessful in persuading the alleged infringer to desist and shall not have brought and shall not be diligently prosecuting an infringement action, or if CMCC notifies Licensee of its intention not to bring suit against any alleged infringer then, provided that the exclusive license granted to Licensee in ARTICLE II is still in effect for such relevant Patent Rights, Licensee shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, to prosecute at its own expense any infringement of the Patent Rights.  CMCC hereby agrees that Licensee may include CMCC as a party plaintiff in any such suit, without expense to CMCC.  No settlement, consent judgment or other voluntary final disposition of the suit may be entered into without the consent of CMCC, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  Licensee shall indemnify CMCC against any order for costs that may be made against CMCC in such proceedings to the extent that such order does not relate to or arise from CMCC's negligence, reckless misconduct or intentional misconduct during such proceeding. 
              D. 
    In the event Licensee shall undertake the enforcement and/or defense of the Patent Rights by litigation pursuant to Paragraph C of this ARTICLE VII, Licensee may withhold up to fifty percent (50%) of the payments otherwise thereafter due to CMCC under ARTICLE IV above and apply the same toward reimbursement of up to fifty percent (50%) of Licensee's expenses, including reasonable attorney's  
     
   27 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

fees, in connection therewith provided that Licensee sends a quarterly report to CMCC detailing such expenses, offset and withholdings.  Any recovery of damages by Licensee for each such suit shall be applied first in satisfaction of any unreimbursed expenses and legal fees of CMCC and Licensee relating to such suit and next toward reimbursement of CMCC for any payments under ARTICLE IV past due or withheld and applied pursuant to this ARTICLE VII.  Any balance remaining will then be divided eighty percent (80%) to Licensee and twenty percent (20%) to CMCC. 
           E. 
    In the event that a declaratory judgment action alleging invalidity or non-infringement of any of the Patent Rights shall be brought against Licensee, CMCC, at its option, shall have the right, within thirty (30) days after commencement of such action, to intervene and participate along with Licensee in the defense of the action at its own expense. 
              F. 
    In any infringement suit which either Party may institute to enforce the Patent Rights pursuant to this Agreement, the other Party hereto shall cooperate in all reasonable respects and, to the extent reasonably possible, have its employees testify when requested and make available relevant records, papers, information, samples, specimens, and the like. 
              G. 
    Licensee shall, during the exclusive period of this Agreement, have the sole right subject to the terms and conditions hereof to sublicense any alleged infringer for future use of the Patent Rights to the extent licensed by this Agreement.  Any upfront fees paid to Licensee as part of such a sublicense shall be shared between Licensee and CMCC in accordance with the terms of ARTICLE IV, Paragraph C as if they were Sublicensee Payments under this Agreement. 
              ARTICLE VIII. 
    UNIFORM INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE PROVISIONS 
     
   28 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

A. 
    Licensee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless CMCC, its Affiliates, current or future directors, trustees, officers, faculty, medical and professional staff, employees, students and agents and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (the "Indemnitees"), against any claim, liability, cost, damage, deficiency, loss, expense or obligation of any kind or nature (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses of litigation) incurred by or imposed upon the Indemnitees or any one of them in connection with any claims, suits, actions, demands or judgments arising out of any theory of product liability (including, but not limited to, actions in the form of tort, warranty, or strict liability) concerning any product, process or service made, used or sold by the Licensee, its Affiliates or its Sublicensees or any agents thereof pursuant to any right or license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement. 
              B. 
    Licensee's indemnification under ARTICLE VIII, Paragraph A above shall not apply to any liability, damage, loss or expense to the extent that it is directly attributable to the negligent activities, reckless misconduct or intentional misconduct of the Indemnitees. 
              C. 
    Licensee agrees, at its own expense, to provide attorneys reasonably acceptable to CMCC to defend against any actions brought or filed against any party indemnified hereunder with respect to the subject of indemnity contained herein, whether or not such actions are rightfully brought. 
              D. 
    Beginning at the time as any such product, process or service is being commercially distributed or sold (other than for the purpose of obtaining regulatory approvals) by Licensee or by a Sublicensee, Affiliate or agent of Licensee, Licensee shall, at its sole cost and expense, procure and maintain commercial general liability insurance in amounts not less than $2,000,000 per incident and $2,000,000 annual aggregate and naming the Indemnitees as additional insureds.  Such commercial general liability insurance shall provide (i)  
     
   29 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

product liability coverage and (ii) contractual liability coverage for Licensee's indemnification under ARTICLE VIII, Paragraphs A through C of this Agreement.  If Licensee elects to self-insure all or part of the limits described above (including deductibles or retentions which are in excess of $250,000 annual aggregate), such self-insurance program must be acceptable to CMCC and the Risk Management Foundation of the Harvard Medical Institutions, Inc.  The minimum amount of insurance coverage required under this ARTICLE VIII, Paragraph D, shall not be construed to create a limit of Licensee's liability with respect to its indemnification under ARTICLE VIII, Paragraphs A through C of this Agreement. 
           E. 
    Licensee shall provide CMCC with written evidence of such insurance upon request of CMCC.  Licensee shall provide CMCC with written notice at least fifteen (15) days prior to the cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance.  Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, if Licensee does not obtain replacement insurance providing comparable coverage within such fifteen (15) day period, CMCC shall have the right to terminate this Agreement effective at the end of such fifteen (15) day period without notice of any additional waiting periods. 
              F. 
    Licensee shall maintain such commercial general liability insurance during (i) the period that any such product, process or service is being commercially distributed or sold (other than for the purpose of obtaining regulatory approvals) by Licensee or by a Sublicensee, Affiliate or agent of Licensee and (ii) a reasonable period after the period referred to above, which in no event shall be less than fifteen (15) years. 
              G. 
    The provisions of this ARTICLE VIII shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
     
   30 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

H. 
    CMCC MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE PATENT RIGHTS, LICENSED PRODUCTS, OR ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK, SOFTWARE, TRADE SECRET, TANGIBLE RESEARCH PROPERTY, INFORMATION OR DATA LICENSED OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO LICENSEE HEREUNDER, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS THE SAME. 
              ARTICLE IX. 
    COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS; EXPORT CONTROLS 
     Licensee shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, statutes and regulations affecting drug testing, development, marketing and distribution; laws and implementing regulations of the Department of Commerce governing intellectual property in federally-funded inventions; and Export Administration Regulations of the United States Department of Commerce issued pursuant to the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 App. U.S.C.  2401 et seq.).  Licensee understands and acknowledges that transfer of certain technical data, computer software, laboratory prototypes and other commodities is subject to United States laws and regulations controlling their export, some of which prohibit or require a license for the export of certain types of technical data, to certain specified countries.  CMCC neither represents that a license shall not be required, nor that if required, it shall be issued.  Licensee hereby agrees and gives written assurance that it will comply with all United States laws and regulations, and any applicable similar laws and regulations of any other country, controlling the export of commodities and technical data, that it will be solely responsible for any violation of such by Licensee and/or its Affiliates and/or Sublicensees and that it will defend and hold CMCC, its Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, agents, and medical staff harmless in accordance with the process set forth in Paragraphs B and C of ARTICLE VIII in the event of  
  
   31 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

any legal action of any nature occasioned by such violation and any action by any governmental agency or authority, or any other party, relating to any asserted illegality or regulatory violation in the development, production, approval, marketing, sale, storage, manufacture, distribution, export or commercialization of Licensed Products or Licensed Processes by the Licensee, its Affiliates and/or its Sublicensees. 
           ARTICLE X. 
    NON-USE OF NAMES AND PUBLICATIONS 
              A. 
    Licensee represents and agrees that it will not use the name, names, logos or trademarks of the CMCC or any of its Affiliates, nor the name or photograph or other depiction of any employee or member of the staff of CMCC or such Affiliates, nor any adaptation of any of the foregoing, in any advertising, promotional, or sales literature without, in each case, prior written consent from CMCC and from the individual staff member, employee, or student if such individual's name, photograph or depiction is used.  Notwithstanding the above, Licensee may state that it is licensed by CMCC under one or more patents and/or applications consistent with this Agreement, and Licensee may comply with disclosure requirements of all applicable laws relating to its business, including United States and state security laws.  In addition, Licensee may refer to publications by employees of CMCC in the scientific literature. 
              B. 
    CMCC agrees to use reasonable efforts to provide Licensee with any draft publications or presentations that are submitted to the Technology   Innovation Development Office of CMCC by Dr. Richard Malley directly related to the Patent Rights under CMCC's retained rights under ARTICLE II, Paragraph B at least thirty (30) days prior to its anticipated publication or presentation.  Licensee shall have the right to review such publication or presentation to identify Licensee's non-public information. 
              ARTICLE XI. 
    ASSIGNMENT 
     
   32 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

A. 
    CMCC may assign this Agreement at any time without the prior consent of Licensee.  Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement is not assignable or delegable, in whole or in part, by Licensee without the prior written consent of CMCC acting through an authorized designee, and any purported assignment otherwise shall be void and of no effect. 
              B. 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Licensee merges with another entity, is acquired by another entity, or sells all or substantially all of its assets to another entity, Licensee may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to the surviving or acquiring entity if: (i) Licensee is not then in breach of this Agreement; (ii) the proposed assignee has, or will have, immediately upon assignment, sufficient available resources to carry out the Development Plan; (iii) Licensee provides to CMCC written notice of the assignment at least five (5) days prior to the effective date of the assignment; and, CMCC receives from the assignee, in writing, at least five (5) days prior to the effective date of the assignment, a reaffirmation of the terms of this Agreement, an agreement to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and an agreement to perform the obligations of Licensee under this Agreement. 
              C. 
    In addition, the license granted to Licensee under ARTICLE II shall include the right to have some or all of Licensee's rights or obligations under this Agreement performed or exercised by one or more of Licensee's Affiliates, provided that any act or omission taken or made by an Affiliate of Licensee under this Agreement shall be deemed an act or omission by Licensee under this Agreement. 
              ARTICLE XII. 
    DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION 
              A. 
    Any and all claims, disputes or controversies arising under, out of, or in connection with this Agreement, which have not been resolved by good faith negotiations between the Parties shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration in Boston, Massachusetts in accordance with the rules then obtaining applicable to  
     
   33 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

the appointment of a single arbitrator of the American Health Lawyers Association, or in the event such arbitration is not then available under those rules, the rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA").  All expenses and costs of the arbitrators and the arbitration in connection therewith will be shared equally, except that each Party will bear the costs of its prosecution and defense, including without limitation attorneys' fees and the production of witnesses and other evidence.  Any award rendered in such arbitration shall be final and may be enforced by either Party. 
           B. 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to waive any rights or timely performance of any obligations existing under this Agreement, including without limitation Licensee's obligations to make royalty and other payments, and also, unless the license granted in ARTICLE II has been terminated, Licensee's obligation to continue due diligence and development obligations.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Licensee agrees that it shall not withhold or offset such payments, and agrees that Licensee's sole remedy for alleged breaches by CMCC is pursuant to this ARTICLE XII. 
              ARTICLE XIII. 
    TERM AND TERMINATION 
              A. 
    The "Term" of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years or upon the expiration of the last expiring Patent Right, whichever period is the longer term. 
              B. 
    Notwithstanding ARTICLE XII of this Agreement, CMCC may terminate this Agreement immediately upon the bankruptcy, judicially declared insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or cessation of operations of Licensee; or the filing of any voluntary petition for bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the affairs of Licensee; or any assignment by Licensee for the benefit of creditors; or the filing of any involuntary petition for bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the affairs of Licensee which is not dismissed within ninety (90)  
     
   34 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

days of the date on which it is filed or commenced; or upon any final judicial or administrative determination that this Agreement violates, or if continued would violate, in a substantial manner, any provision of the Federal Internal Revenue Code, applicable rights of the United States or obligations of CMCC under Title 15 of the United States Code, or other Federal or State laws applicable to CMCC; or in the circumstances providing for immediate termination of the license granted to Licensee hereunder as described in ARTICLE III, Paragraph D or in ARTICLE VI, Paragraph C or D of this Agreement. 
           C. 
    CMCC may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice in the event of Licensee's failure to pay to CMCC royalties or any payments due and payable hereunder in a timely manner, unless Licensee shall make all such payments to CMCC within said thirty (30) day period.  Notwithstanding ARTICLE XII of this Agreement upon the expiration of the thirty (30) day period, if Licensee shall not have made all such payments to CMCC, the rights, privileges and licenses granted hereunder shall terminate without further action by CMCC. 
              D. 
    Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs B and C above, in the event that Licensee shall default in the performance of any of its material obligations under this Agreement, and the default has not been remedied to CMCC's reasonable satisfaction within sixty (60) days after the date of CMCC's notice to Licensee in writing of such default, CMCC may, by written notice to Licensee, terminate this Agreement effective immediately or upon such date as CMCC, in its sole discretion, shall designate in such notice. 
              E. 
    Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety, or on a country-by-country and Licensed Product-by-License Product basis, at any time upon ninety (90) days' prior written notice to CMCC, upon payment by Licensee of all amounts due CMCC through the effective date of termination.  This right is  
     
   35 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

in addition to, and separate from, Licensee's rights under ARTICLE VI, Paragraph C and Licensee's rights under ARTICLE VI, Paragraph D. 
           F. 
    Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, all of the rights, privileges and licenses granted hereunder shall terminate without further action by either Party, except that nothing herein shall be construed to release either Party from any obligation that matured prior to the effective date of, or that expressly survives, such termination or expiration.  For clarity, upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Licensee's obligation to pay royalties or any other amount to CMCC under this Agreement (other than any such payments that matured prior to the effective date of such termination) shall immediately cease. 
              G. 
    If Licensee terminates this Agreement due to adverse results in clinical or other testing of Licensed Products or Licensed Processes, Licensee shall make available to CMCC, for purposes of its evaluation of the future viability of the technology, a summary of such results together with copies of any government-mandated reports, such as FDA safety reports, made in connection with the decision to terminate development. 
              ARTICLE XIV. 
    OWNERSHIP 
     The Parties acknowledge that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in the MTA, the Patent Rights are and shall at all times remain Joint Inventions (as defined in the MTA) and as such, are jointly owned by Licensee and CMCC and each Party has an undivided one-half ownership interest therein.  Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, either Party may fully exploit or non-exclusively license their rights in the Patent Rights and/or their rights in any other Joint Inventions to third parties without accounting to, or seeking the consent of, the other.  For clarity, except as expressly contemplated in ARTICLE III, Paragraph F, nothing herein shall grant CMCC any right or license with respect to Licensee's  
  
   36 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

interest in the Joint Inventions.  The provisions of this ARTICLE XIV shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
           ARTICLE XV. 
    PAYMENTS, NOTICES, AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS 
     All notices, reports and/or other communications made in accordance with this Agreement shall be sufficiently made or given if delivered by hand, delivered by facsimile (with mechanical confirmation of transmission), or sent by overnight receipted mail, postage prepaid, or by reasonable, customary and reliable commercial overnight carrier in general usage, and addressed as follows: 
  In the case of CMCC:  Director:      Technology and Innovation Development Office   Children's Hospital Boston  300 Longwood Avenue  Boston, MA 02115 
  Payments shall be transmitted by reliable means to the same addressee, payable to Children's Hospital Boston. 
  Wire transfers for CMCC can be made directly to:  Bank Name:  Bank of America, 100 Federal Street, Boston, MA   ABA#:  0260-0959-3  Account name:  Children's Hospital IDE Receipts Account   Bank Account Number:  274-31645  Attention:  Bruce Balter (phone 617-355-7806)  Reference:  Technology   Innovation Development Office  
  In the case of Licensee:  Genocea Biosciences, Inc.  Attention:  Chief Executive Officer  161 First Street Suite 2C  Cambridge, MA 02142, USA   Telephone: (617) 876-8191  Fax: (617) 876-8192 
  
   37 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

or such other address as either Party shall notify the other in writing.  NOTICE SHALL BE EFFECTIVE UPON RECEIPT. 
           ARTICLE XVI. 
    GENERAL PROVISIONS 
              A. 
    All rights and remedies hereunder will be cumulative and not alternative.  This Agreement shall be construed and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
              B. 
    This Agreement may be amended only by written agreement signed by the Parties. 
              C. 
    It is expressly agreed by the Parties hereto that CMCC and Licensee are independent contractors and nothing in this Agreement is intended to create an employer relationship, joint venture, or partnership between the Parties.  No Party has the authority to bind the other. 
              D. 
    This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all proposals, representations, negotiations, agreements and other communications between the Parties, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Where inconsistent with the terms of any contemporaneous related agreements (such as sponsored research agreements), terms in this Agreement shall control. 
              E. 
    If any provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Parties hereto shall substitute, by mutual consent, valid provisions for such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions, which valid provisions in their effect are sufficiently similar to the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions that it can be reasonably assumed that the Parties would have entered into this Agreement with such valid provisions.  In the event such valid provisions cannot be agreed upon, the invalidity, illegality or  
     
   38 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

unenforceability of one or several provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity of this Agreement as a whole. 
           F. 
    This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against the Party whose signature appears thereon, but all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
              G. 
    The failure of either Party to assert a right to which it is entitled, or to insist upon compliance with any term or condition of this Agreement, shall not constitute a waiver of that right or excuse a similar subsequent failure to perform any such term or condition by the other Party. 
              H. 
    Licensee agrees to mark any Licensed Products sold in the United States with all applicable United States patent numbers.  All Licensed Products shipped to or sold in other countries shall be marked in such a manner as to conform with the patent laws and practices of the country of manufacture or sale. 
              I. 
    Each party hereto agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
              J. 
    The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
              K. 
    The signatories below each warrant that he or she is duly authorized to execute this Agreement. 
              ARTICLE XVII. 
    CONFIDENTIALITY 
              A. 
    Each Party agrees, during the Term and for five (5) years after termination of this Agreement, to maintain and protect the confidentiality of the Confidential  
     
   39 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Information of the other Party.  "Confidential Information" shall mean (i) non-public information acquired by Licensee from CMCC pursuant to ARTICLE II, Paragraph F, (ii) information disclosed or made available to or otherwise obtained by CMCC pursuant to ARTICLE III, Paragraphs B, C, D or F, ARTICLE IV, Paragraph C, ARTICLE V, Paragraphs B, C, D, E, or F, or ARTICLE XIII, Paragraph G and (iii) all other information relevant to the subject matter of this Agreement which (A) is either marked by the Party disclosing it ("Disclosing Party") as confidential or proprietary or with a similar legend at the time of disclosure to the Party receiving such information hereunder ("Receiving Party") or (B) is of such a nature and is disclosed in such a manner that a reasonable person would know it to be the confidential or proprietary information of the Disclosing Party.  The Receiving Party agrees to use the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information only as necessary to fulfill the Receiving Party's obligations or to exercise the rights granted to it under this Agreement and for no other purpose.  Furthermore, the Receiving Party agrees not to disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to any third-party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, except that either Party may disclose Confidential Information of the other Party (1) to its Affiliates, and to its and their respective directors, employees, consultants, and agents in each case who have a specific need to know such Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement and who are bound by obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use similarly protective of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information as those set forth herein, or (2) to the extent such disclosure is required for a Party (a) to comply with applicable law or regulation or the order of a court of competent jurisdiction, (b) to defend itself from litigation brought against it by the other Party or to prosecute litigation relating to a breach of the Agreement by the other Party, or (c) to comply with the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange or similar listing entity applicable to such Party;  
  
   40 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

provided, however, that in the case of each of clauses 2(a), (b), and (c) above, the Receiving Party provides prior written notice of such disclosure to the Disclosing Party and takes reasonable and lawful actions to avoid or minimize the degree of such disclosure.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Licensee may disclose and use Confidential Information of CMCC as necessary to file or prosecute the Patent Rights and may also disclose this Agreement to any third party in connection with a financing transaction or due diligence inquiry involving Licensee; provided, however, that any such third party is bound by reasonable obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use similar to those set forth herein.  Similarly, notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, and in addition to its rights under subparagraphs (1) and (2) above of this ARTICLE XVII, Paragraph A, CMCC shall have the right to disclose the nature, terms and a copy of the Agreement to oversight bodies of CMCC, such as the institutional review board or conflicts of interest committee of CMCC, as necessary to comply with its obligations to such bodies and to disclose the general nature of the Agreement (without including any of the financial terms or any other specific terms or language from the Agreement, but including reasonable detail about its overall structure and business goals) in standard organizational communications issued by CMCC, such as the annual report of the Technology and Innovation Development Office and publications of the Office of Public Affairs (not to be construed as press releases). 
           B. 
    The Parties' obligations under this ARTICLE XVII shall not apply to any information which: 
              1. 
    at the time of disclosure is already in the public domain; 
              2. 
    after disclosure hereunder enters the public domain, except through breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party; 
     
   41 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

3. 
    the Receiving Party can demonstrate was rightfully in the Receiving Party's possession prior to the time of disclosure by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party hereunder, and was not acquired directly or indirectly from the Disclosing Party; 
              4. 
    becomes available to the Receiving Party from a third-party who, to the knowledge of the Receiving Party, is not legally or contractually prohibited from disclosing such Confidential Information; 
              5. 
    the Receiving Party can demonstrate was developed by or for the Receiving Party independently of the disclosure of Confidential Information by the Disclosing Party or its Affiliates. 
              C. 
    Licensee and CMCC agree that the confidentiality obligations hereunder shall require that each Party use confidentiality procedures and practices to protect the other Party's Confidential Information as each would use for its own confidential information, but at least a reasonable degree of care. 
              D. 
    Licensee agrees that nothing herein shall prevent CMCC from disclosing or publishing CMCC's own Confidential Information (other than this Agreement), or create any legal liability to Licensee for doing so. 
              E. 
    The provisions of this ARTICLE XVII shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement for the period of time specified in the first sentence of ARTICLE XVII, Paragraph A. 
     [  Signature Page Follows  ] 
  
   42 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be effective as of the date last written below. 
                 CHILDREN'S MEDICAL CENTER CORPORATION 
      
    GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

By:   /s/ Erik Halvorsen      

By:   /s/ Chip Clark      
        
  Name:   Erik Halvorsen, Ph.D.      
    
  Title:   Executive Director, TIDO      
    
  Date:   March 29, 2012      
      
  Name:   Chip Clark      
    
  Title:   President   CEO      
    
  Date:   March 23, 2012      

43 

EXHIBIT 10.1  
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Appendix 1 
  PATENT RIGHTS 
                   Serial Number 
    Filing Type 
    Filing Date 
      [* * *] 

[* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 

[* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 

[* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 

[* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 

[* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 

[* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 

44 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Appendix 2  
  DEVELOPMENT PLAN 
    
  [* * *]. 

EXHIBIT 10.1  
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Appendix 3 
  CMCC # 7876 
  Material Transfer Agreement 
  THIS AGREEMENT is entered into this ____ day of September 2008, ( Effective Date ) by and between CHILDREN S HOSPITAL BOSTON, a charitable corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and having a principal place of business located at 300 Longwood Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts ( Hospital ) and Genocea Biosciences, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and having a principal place of business located at 161 First Street, Suite 2c Cambridge, MA 02142 ( Company ). 
  WHEREAS, through expenditure of substantial effort and resources, Company has developed and/or controls a high-throughput system for   in vitro   screening of proven effectors of immunity (e.g. libraries of efficacious T cells) to identify their specific target antigens from the complete proteome of any disease-causing agent (the  High Throughput System  
  WHEREAS, through expenditure of substantial effort and resources, Richard Malley, M.D., ( Hospital Principal Investigator ) has determined that a whole cell vaccine (WCV) made from killed unencapsulated pneumococcal cells, as well as purified antigens, can protect animals against colonization via CD4   +    T   H   l7 responses; 
  WHEREAS, Company and Hospital (including Hospital Principal Investigator) agree that identification of effective antigens (e.g., T cell antigens) useful in vaccine systems is particularly challenging and that application of the High Throughput System to the problem of identifying pneumococcal T-cell antigens would be of mutual interest and benefit to Hospital and to Company and may further the practice of medicine and the research mission of Hospital in a manner consistent with its status as a non-profit, tax-exempt, teaching hospital; 
  WHEREAS, Hospital and Company are willing to collaborate and conduct research in the fie1d of   pneumococcal T cell-based protein vaccines   and wish to enter into this Agreement to conduct a research project entitled,   Novel high-throughput screening platform to develop a pneumococcal protein-based vaccine   ( Research Plan ).  Hospital Principal Investigator and Company regard this project as a scientific collaboration and treat matters of authorship and experimental plans as such; 
  NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
  
   46 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

1.  Hospital/Principal Investigator Responsibilities. 
  (a)        Principal Investigator agrees to participate in Research Plan described in Appendix A.  The scope of participation and timeframe of participation is expected to commence and terminate in accordance with the collaborative research agreement with PATH Vaccine Solutions ( PVS ) dated June 19, 2008 between PVS and Hospital and in accordance with the collaborative research agreement with PVS dated April 21, 2008 between PVS and Company, and may be extended and additional material added by amendment(s) mutually agreed to by Hospital and Company in writing. 
  (b)        Principal Investigator shall provide to Company certain written information, materials and data (collectively  Hospital Material ) as necessary for the performance of the Research Plan, and/or as otherwise agreed by the parties and as listed in Appendix B. 
  2.        Company Responsibilities. 
  (a)        Company agrees to participate in Research Plan described in Appendix A.  The scope of participation and timeframe of participation is expected to commence and terminate in accordance with the collaborative research agreement with PVS dated June 19, 2008 between PVS and Hospital and in accordance with the collaborative research agreement with PVS dated April 21, 2008 between PVS and Company, and may be extended and additional material added by amendment(s) mutually agreed to by Hospital and Company in writing. 
  (b)        Company shall provide to Hospital Principal Investigator written information, materials and data (collectively,  Company Material ) as necessary for the performance of the Research Plan and/or as otherwise agreed by the parties and as listed in Appendix C. 
  3.        Confidentiality of Hospital/Company Materials.    The parties agree Hospital/Company Material shall constitute Confidential Information (as defined below in Section 5(a)(1)), and in the case of Hospital, to use such Material for research purposes only and in the case of Company, to use such Material for research and development purposes only. 
  4.        Publications.    The parties encourage academic publications to issue as a result of the performance of the Research Plan.  In anticipation of a continuing collaborative relationship as a result of this Agreement, the parties agree that authorship of future publications shall be determined on a case by case basis in accordance with accepted academic standards.  In the event a party publishes independently of the other, such party shall provide copies of publications arising or related to the Research Plan ( Publications ) to the other party at least 30 days in advance of submission for publication.  The party receiving such copy shall have the right to  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

(a) request a sixty (60) day delay in publication in order to submit a patent application on any disclosed subject matter or otherwise protect any patentable information, and (b) edit the publication in a manner reasonably acceptable to the independently submitting party to protect confidential information.  All such Publications will include the following acknowledgment of PVS s financial support of the Research Program:  Funded in whole or in part by Program for Appropriate Technology in Health (PATH) .  The parties agree that PVS may publish the Data after a time period of twelve (12) months after completion of the Research Plan, subject to the procedures and limitations set forth in the applicable collaborative research agreements between Hospital and PVS and between Company and PVS. 
  5.        Intellectual Property. 
  (a)        Definitions  . 
  (1)         Confidential Information  shall mean all scientific, technical, financial or business information owned, possessed or used by the disclosing party that (a) is marked or if orally disclosed must be followed up by in writing within thirty (30) days that is treated by the disclosing party as confidential or proprietary, or (b) a person skilled in the industry would reasonably know is confidential; including without limitation, data, development and marketing plans, regulatory and business strategies, financial information, and forecasts, information of third parties that a party has an obligation to keep confidential and Hospital Materials, in the case of Hospital, and Company Materials, in the case of Company. 
  (2)        For purposes of this Agreement, the term  Data  shall mean any and all information, materials and results arising from the performance of the Research Plan ( Data ).  Each Party shall promptly provide Data obtained in performance of the Research Plan to the other Party.  Subject to Section 4 concerning publication, it is appreciated that all Data are considered to be Confidential Information and shall be avidly protected as such by the Party obtaining the Data.  Data shall be presented to the other Party in a common technical document format similar to Data provided by Company to PVS. 
  (3)         Research Plan Intellectual Property  shall mean any product, know how, information, discovery, invention, patent or patent application including related reissues, divisionals, continuations, and continuations-in-part) that is discovered, conceived, made, developed or reduced to  practice either jointly, or by Hospital, or Company individually by performance of the Research Plan detailed in Appendix A.  Each party shall promptly disclose to the other party under confidentiality the invention or discovery of any Research Plan Intellectual Property.  Each party shall also disclose to the other party the intent to file for intellectual  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

property protection, including patents and provisional patents, on solely-owned Research Plan Intellectual Property ( Sole Inventions ). 
  (b)        Confidentiality Obligations  . 
  (1)        Subject to the terms of this Agreement, neither party shall, directly or indirectly, publish, disseminate or otherwise disclose, or deliver or make available to any third party, or use any Confidential Information of the disclosing party, other than in furtherance of the purposes of this Agreement.  Each party shall exercise all reasonable precautions to protect the integrity and confidentiality of the disclosing party s Confidential Information.  The receiving party may disseminate or permit access to Confidential Information only to Company or Hospital personnel (as applicable) who have a need-to-know such Confidential Information in the course of the performance of their duties under this Agreement and who are bound to obligations of confidentiality and non-use of the Confidential Information that are at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Agreement.  This obligation shall continue, for five (5) years following the date of termination of this Agreement, but may be modified by written agreement. 
  (2)        Further, during the course of the parties  performance of the Research Plan, each party may have their respective employees working on the other party s site to further the objectives of the Research Plan.  In this capacity, it is expected that such employee will receive or be exposed to, and may learn about the existence of, certain Confidential Information that is not related to the Research Plan ( Non-Research Plan Confidential Information  ).  It is expressly agreed that such Non-Research Plan Confidential Information shall   not  , without the prior written consent of the disclosing party, be used for any purpose, including the purposes of this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, Company Materials and Hospital Materials shall not constitute Non-Research Plan Confidential Information. 
  (3)         Neither party shall have any obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to any portion of the Confidential Information which:  (a) is or later becomes generally available to the public by use, publication or the like, through no-fault of the receiving party; (b) is obtained by the receiving party from a third party who had the legal right to disclose such Confidential Information to the receiving party without obligation of confidentiality; (c) is in receiving party s prior possession without obligation of confidentiality, as evidenced by receiving party s contemporaneously dated written records; or (d) is independently developed by the receiving party without use of the disclosing party s Confidential Information.  In the event that either party is required by order of a court or other government entity having jurisdiction to disclose any Confidential Information, the receiving party shall give the disclosing party prompt notice thereof so that the disclosing party may seek an appropriate protective order.  The  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

receiving party shall reasonably cooperate with the disclosing party in its efforts to seek such a protective order.  If any such order does not fully preclude disclosure of the Confidential Information, the receiving party shall make such disclosure only to the extent that such disclosure is legally required. 
  (4)        In the event a receiving party performs unauthorized work (e.g., work outside the Purpose and/or work with Non-Research Plan Confidential Information) utilizing any Confidential Information of the other party, all data and any inventions or discoveries, whether patentable or not, arising from such unauthorized work are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the disclosing party, and the receiving party shall and hereby does assign its entire right, title and interest, in any such data; inventions or discoveries to the disclosing party.  For the avoidance of doubt, inventions pursuant to this Section 5(b)(4) shall not Constitute Research Plan Intellectual Property and shall be referred to as  Non-Research Plan IP . 
  (c)        Ownership  . 
  (1)        Each party shall own all right, title and interest to that Research Plan Intellectual Property that it solely invented, such inventorship to be determined consistent with U.S. patent law whether or not the invention has been patented.  Each party shall ensure that its respective inventor(s) assign his/her ownership interest in the Sole Invention to the party by which he/she was employed when the Sole Invention was created. 
  (2)        Each party shall unilaterally decide whether its Sole Invention should be patented, where it should be patented (i.e. United States and/or certain foreign countries) and when it is appropriate to seek patent protection.  Patent applications or patents for Sole Inventions shall be filed, prosecuted and maintained by the party whose personnel solely created or invented the Sole Invention and patent costs for such patent applications and patents shall be borne by the party whose personnel created or invented the Sole Invention. 
  (3)        In the event a party elects not to prosecute or maintain any patent application described herein (excluding Non-Research Plan IP), that party (the  Declining Party ) shall notify the other party (the  Non-Declining Party ) at least thirty (30) days prior to taking or not taking, any action which would result in abandonment, withdrawal or lapse of such patent or patent application; in such event, the Non-Declining Party may thereafter file, prosecute or maintain the patent or patent application.  The Non-Declining Party shall reimburse the Declining Party for any expenses the Declining Party incurs in evaluating, prosecuting, maintaining or consulting with Company with regard to any patent application described herein. 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

(4)        The parties shall jointly own the Research Plan Intellectual Property that they jointly invented ( Joint Inventions ).  Hospital and Company shall collaborate to maintain proper record of inventorship on Joint Inventions, such inventorship to be determined consistent with US patent law whether or not the inventions has been patented.  All patent applications on Joint Inventions shall be assigned to both Company and Hospital and each party shall ensure that its respective inventor(s) assign his/her ownership interest in the patent rights to the party by which he/she was employed when the Joint Invention was created.  Company shall assume sole responsibility for filing, prosecution, maintenance and defense/enforcement of Joint Inventions. 
  (5)         Background Intellectual Property  shall mean all intellectual property related to the Research Plan developed, and/or owned and/or acquired by a party or outside the purview of this Agreement, before the date the Research Plan commenced.  The Background Intellectual Property of a party shall remain the separate intellectual property of such party.  No rights to Background Intellectual Property are conferred by this Agreement, other than a limited license right to use Background Intellectual Property solely as required to perform the Research Plan.  Any such limited license right shall and does terminate immediately upon completion of the relevant work under the Research Plan. 
  (6)        Company and Hospital each acknowledge the funding contribution of PVS to each party and its mission to make vaccines and technologies accessible, available, and affordable to the developing countries.  Therefore, Hospital and Company hereby jointly grant to PVS at no additional cost a non-exclusive royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to the Research Plan Intellectual Property including any patent rights related thereto to:  i) develop, make or have made, and use a pneumococcal T-cell based protein vaccine in the world; and ii) use, market, promote, distribute and sell a pneumococcal T-cell based protein vaccine in Developing Countries ( PVS License ).   Developing Countries  shall mean (i) those countries identified by the World Bank as of April 21, 2008 (i.e., the effective date of the collaborative research agreement between PVS and Company) as having   low-income economies  or  lower-middle income economies  and (ii) Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Mexico and South Africa, provided these five countries specifically listed herein are not reclassified as  high income economies  by the World Bank as of the date that the license is granted to PVS pursuant to this Agreement. 
  6.        License Rights and Terms.    Hospital shall and hereby does grant to Company a fully paid up, nonexclusive right to Hospital s rights in any invention made under this Agreement solely for internal research and development purposes (inclusive of permitting third parties to conduct such research and development on Company s behalf).  Hospital hereby grants to Company an exclusive option to negotiate an exclusive license to Hospital s interest in any and all Research Plan Intellectual Property (the  Option ).  Company shall have sixty (60) days (the  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Option Term ) after receipt of written notice from Hospital of a relevant invention, to exercise this Option.  In addition to the exclusivity during the Option Term, once the option has been exercised, Hospital shall not negotiate with any third party for rights to the optioned invention for a period of twelve (12) months, extendible by agreement of the Parties if licensing negotiations between the Parties are proceeding (the  Negotiation Term ).  Should the Negotiation Term expire without license terms being agreed to, then Hospital shall have no further obligation to Company with respect to licensing that invention, and shall be free to enter into licenses with any third parties except that Hospital shall notify Company if and when it enters into any third party license to the invention.  Any license to Hospital s rights in Research Plan Intellectual Property negotiated pursuant to this provision shall include articles directed to the following: 
  (a)        Rights of the United States government reserved under Public Laws 96-517, 97-256, and 98-620, codified at 35 U-.S.C. 200-212, and any regulations promulgated thereunder, if appropriate. 
  (b)        Requirement for due diligence in the development of the subject matter claimed in the licensed patent(s) -for public use. 
  (c)        Reservation of the unrestricted right of Hospital to use subject matter claimed in the licensed patent(s) for academic research purposes. 
  (d)        The CRICO Uniform Indemnification and Insurance provisions then in effect. 
  (e)        Licensing fees, royalties, and/or other payments that reflect the respective contributions of the parties to the licensed technology and similar, contemporary agreements between for-profit and non-profit institutions. 
  7.        Communications.    Requests and notices regarding this agreement shall be given in writing, to the following addresses with a copy to Hospital Principal Investigator: 
  To Hospital 
  Fernando Vall s, J.D. 
  Corporate Sponsored Research Officer 
  Children s Hospital 
  300 Longwood Avenue 
  Boston MA 02115 
    
  To Company 
  Genocea Biosciences, Inc, 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

c/o Chief Executive Officer 
  161 First Street, Suite 2C 
  Cambridge, MA 02142 
    
  8.        Use of Names.    Each party agrees not to use of refer to this Agreement in any promotional activity, or to use the names of the other party, its employees, or Hospital Principal Investigator without prior written permission.  However, each party shall have the right to acknowledge in scientific publications and other scientific communications the source of materials used in the collaboration. 
  9.        Term.    This Agreement shall be effective for the period given in Article l(a) above. 
  10.        General Provisions 
  (a)        All rights and remedies, hereunder will be cumulative and not alternative, and this Agreement shall be construed and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
  (b)        This Agreement may be amended only by written agreement signed by both parties. 
  (c)        Company and Hospital agree to conduct the Research Plan in accordance with all applicable Federal, State and local laws and regulations, as well as with applicable regulations of Hospital. 
  (d)        It is expressly agreed by the parties hereto that Hospital and Company are independent contractors and nothing in this Agreement is intended to create an employer relationship, joint venture, or partnership between the parties.  Neither party has the authority to bind the other. 
  (e)        If any provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be impaired thereby. 
  (f)        EXCEPT AS PROVIDED HEREIN, HOSPITAL, MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK, SOFTWARE, TRADE SECRET, TANGIBLE RESEARCH PROPERTY, INFORMATION, MATERIAL OR DATA PROVIDED TO COMPANY HEREUNDER AND HEREBY  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

DISCLAIMS THE SAME.  HOSPITAL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES SUFFERED BY COMPANY RESULTING FROM COMPANY S USE OF ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK, SOFTWARE, TRADE SECRET, TANGIBLE RESEARCH PROPERTY, INFORMATION, MATERIAL OR DATA PROVIDED TO COMPANY HEREUNDER. 
  (g)        This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against the party whose signature appears thereon, but all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
  (h)        Each, party hereto agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments and do all such further acts as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
  (i)        The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement us of the date first written above. 
                 CHILDREN S HOSPITAL 
    
  By:   /s/ Carleen Brunelli, Ph.D., MBA      
  Title:  Carleen Brunelli, Ph.D., MBA  Vice President of Research Administration 
  Date:        Sept 5, 2008               
    COMPANY 
    
  By:        /s/ Robert Paull            
  Title:        President                      
  Date:        9.17.08               

HOSPITAL PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR ACKNOWLEDGMENT: 
  By:   /s/    HOSPITAL PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR     
  Date:       9/8/08        ____                          

EXHIBIT 10.1 
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. WHERE FIFTEEN PAGES OF MATERIAL HAVE BEEN OMITTED, THE REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH     [ ]  . 

APPENDIX A  RESEARCH PLAN 
  [ ] 
  
   56 

EXHIBIT 10.1 
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

APPENDIX B 
  [* * *] 

57 

EXHIBIT 10.1 
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. WHERE THREE PAGES OF MATERIAL HAVE BEEN OMITTED, THE REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH     [ ]  .    

APPENDIX C 
  Company Responsibilities 
  [ ] 

58 

EXHIBIT 10.1 
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. WHERE THIRTY-TWO PAGES OF MATERIAL HAVE BEEN OMITTED, THE REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH     [   ]  .    

Appendix 4 
  CHILDREN S HOSPITAL COLLABORATIVE RESEARCH AGREEMENT 
  [   ] 

59 

EXHIBIT 10.1 
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Side Letter 
  March 23, 2012 
  Erik Halvorsen, PhD  
  Executive Director 
  Technology and Innovation Development Office 
  Children s Hospital Boston 
  300 Longwood Avenue  
  Boston, MA 02115 
    
  Re:      Share of Sublicense Payments 
  Erik, 
  As you know, Genocea Biosciences, Inc. (   Genocea   ) and Children s Medical Center Corporation (   CMCC   ) are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement, dated March 23, 2012 (the    Agreement   ).  The purpose of this letter is to confirm the parties  understanding with respect to certain financial terms in the Agreement.  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning attributed to them in the Agreement. 
  To the best of Genocea s knowledge as of the Effective Date of the Agreement, neither Genocea nor its Affiliates is under an active license agreement with any third party licensor of patent rights (   Licensor   ) to make, have made, use, sell or import a multi-component vaccine product that also falls under the definition of a Licensed Product which obligates Genocea or any Affiliate to pay to such Licensor a percentage of any sublicensing payment or other non-royalty sublicensing income (e.g., up-front license fees, lump sum payments, milestone payments or technology transfer payments) that they receive (   Non-Royalty Sublicensing Income   ) that is [* * *] the [* * *] of such amount that Genocea is also required to make to CMCC as a Sublicensee Payment pursuant to Article IV Paragraph C of the Agreement. 
  In the event the foregoing statement is subsequently discovered to be inaccurate, Genocea shall pay to CMCC: (a) the difference between the single highest percentage of any Non-Royalty  
  
   60 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Sublicensing Income paid by Genocea or any Affiliate to any Licensor(s) and the [* * *] of such amount owed to CMCC pursuant the Agreement, and (b) the interest on such difference at the same rate as described in the third sentence of Article IV Paragraph E of the Agreement, calculated from the Effective Date until the date such amount is paid.  Genocea will make the aforementioned payments to CMCC within thirty (30) days after Genocea becomes aware or is made aware of the inaccuracy.  For clarity, Genocea shall only be obligated to make the aforementioned payments if the percentage of the Non-Royalty Sublicensing Income paid to any Licensor(s) is greater than [* * *].  In addition to the foregoing remedy, in the event Genocea s statement is inaccurate, until expiration or termination of the Agreement CMCC will also be entitled to receive the benefit of the single highest percentage rate referenced in (a) above in connection with the calculation of, and its receipt of, any subsequent Sublicensee Payments instead of [* * *]. 
  The Parties agree that the discovery that the foregoing statements by Genocea in paragraph two of this letter are inaccurate will not be considered a breach of the Agreement by Genocea or constitute grounds for termination of the Agreement by CMCC unless it is determined in a legal or alternative dispute process that such statements were an intentional, fraudulent, or grossly negligent misrepresentation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing CMCC shall have the right to terminate the Agreement pursuant to Article XIII Paragraph C of the Agreement if the aforementioned amounts in paragraph three of this letter are not timely paid to CMCC.  Genocea s sole and entire obligation, and CMCC s sole and exclusive remedy, in the event that Genocea s statements in paragraph two above are determined to be inaccurate is contained herein this letter. 
  To monitor compliance with Genocea s statements under this letter, Paragraphs A and B of Article V of the Agreement apply   mutatis mutandis  . 
  Genocea acknowledges its agreement to the foregoing terms by the signature of its duly authorized representative below.  If you agree to the terms of this letter, please acknowledge your agreement by having a duly authorized representative of CMCC sign below and return a copy to me. 
  Sincerely,        _/s/ Chip Clark_________        Chip Clark  CEO, Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Acknowledged and Agreed: 
    
  CHILDREN S MEDICAL CENTER CORPORATION             By:      /s/ Erik Halvorsen    ____________ 
    
  Name:      Erik Halvorsen, Ph.D.                  
    
  Title:   Director of Technology and Business Development 
    
  Date:      March 29, 2012                         

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 gnca-ex102_2016930xq3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.2 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

AMENDED AND RESTATED LICENSE AGREEMENT 
  This Amended and Restated License Agreement ( Agreement ) is entered into as of this 19th day of November, 2012 (the  Amended and Restated Effective Date ), by and between Genocea Biosciences, Inc., a company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware, having a place of business at Cambridge Discovery Park, 100 Acorn Park Drive, 5   th    Floor, Cambridge, MA 02140 ( Licensee ) and President and Fellows of Harvard College, an educational and charitable corporation existing under the laws and the constitution of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, having a place of business at Holyoke Center, Suite 727, 1350 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138 ( Harvard ). 
  WHEREAS, Harvard is the owner of the Patent Rights and Harvard Technology Transfer Materials (as defined below) and has the right to grant licenses thereunder; and 
  WHEREAS, Harvard desires to have products developed and commercialized under such patent rights and materials to benefit the public; and 
  WHEREAS, Licensee has represented to Harvard, in order to induce Harvard to enter into this Agreement, that Licensee shall commit itself to commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize products based on the Patent Rights and Harvard Technology Transfer Materials; 
  WHEREAS, Harvard and Licensee previously entered into that certain License Agreement, dated November 30, 2007 (the  Original Effective Date ), pursuant to which Licensee obtained a license under the Patent Rights and Harvard Technology Transfer Materials (the  Original Agreement  and 
  WHEREAS, the parties now desire to modify their arrangements under the Original Agreement, all on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
  NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
  0.    Amendment and Restatement. 
  Licensee and Harvard hereby agree that, effective as of the Amended and Restated Effective Date, the Original Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in this Agreement, and the Original Agreement shall be of no further force or effect from and after the Amended and Restated Effective Date, except as expressly provided herein, provided, that nothing in this Agreement shall affect the rights and obligations of the parties under the Original Agreement with respect to periods prior to the Amended and Restated Effective Date, all of which shall survive in accordance with their terms. 
           1. 
    Definitions. 
     
   1 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

Whenever used in this Agreement with an initial capital letter, the terms defined in this Article 1, whether used in the singular or the plural, shall have the meanings specified below. 
  1.1         Affiliate    shall mean, with respect to an entity, any person, organization or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with, such entity.  For purposes of this definition only,  control  of another person, organization or entity shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the activities, management or policies of such person, organization or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.  Without limiting the foregoing, control shall be presumed to exist when a person, organization or entity (i) owns or directly controls fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting stock or other ownership interest of the other organization or entity, or (ii) possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to elect or appoint fifty percent (50%) or more of the members of the governing body of the organization or other entity.  The parties acknowledge that in the case of certain entities organized under the laws of certain countries outside of the United States, the maximum percentage ownership permitted by law for a foreign investor may be less than fifty percent (50%), and that in such cases such lower percentage shall be substituted in the preceding sentence. 
  1.2         Calendar Quarter    shall mean each of the periods of three (3) consecutive calendar months ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, for so long as this Agreement is in effect. 
  1.3         Development Milestones    shall mean the development and commercialization milestones set forth in Exhibit 1.3 hereto, as such milestones may be adjusted pursuant to Section 3.4. 
  1.4         Development Plan    shall mean the plan for the development and commercialization of Licensed Products attached hereto as Exhibit 1.4, as such plan may be adjusted from lime to time pursuant to Section 3.2. 
  1.5         Direct Development Costs    shall mean the costs incurred, on a cash basis, by Licensee with respect to the development of Licensed Products in accordance with the Development Plan, such as: 
  1.5.1        Costs for development activities conducted to procure data necessary for regulatory filings to obtain marketing approval from a Regulatory Authority, including, but not limited to, research, formulation development and testing, clinical development activities, data management, toxicology and planning and execution of clinical trials; 
  1.5.2        costs for regulatory filings necessary to obtain marketing approval from a Regulatory Authority; 
  1.5.3        insurance premiums paid for commercial insurance to the extent such insurance directly relates to development activities conducted pursuant to the Development Plan  
  
   2 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

(i.e., if insurance covers risks other than risks related to development of the Licensed Product, then only an appropriate portion of such premiums shall be included); and 
  1.5.4        capital expenditures to the extent directly attributable to the development of Licensed Products. 
  1.5.5        the fully burdened costs of labor for the percentage of the individuals  time spent on such development activities. 
  To the extent a cost is associated with activities in addition to development of Licensed Products then only the appropriate portion of such costs devoted to the development of Licensed Products shall be included as Direct Development Costs. 
  1.6         FDA    shall mean the United States Food and Drug Administration. 
  1.7         Harvard Technology Transfer Materials    shall mean the protocols and other materials listed in Exhibit 1.7 hereto, as such Exhibit may be supplemented and updated from time to time by mutual written agreement of the parties.  Effective upon each such agreement by the parties, Exhibit 1.7 shall be amended automatically to include any such additional protocols and other materials.  Within thirty (30) days after the Original Effective Date, Harvard shall deliver the initial set of Harvard Technology Transfer Materials to Licensee. 
  1.8         IND    shall mean an investigational new drug application, clinical study application, clinical trial exemption or similar application or submission for approval to conduct human clinical investigations filed with a Regulatory Authority. 
  1.9         Infringed Patent    shall mean (a) an issued and unexpired patent that has not been abandoned, held invalid, revoked, held or rendered unenforceable or lost through an interference proceeding, and (b) a pending claim of a pending patent application that (i) has been asserted and continues to be prosecuted in good faith, (ii) has not been abandoned or finally rejected without the possibility of appeal or refiling, and (iii) has not been pending for more than five (5) years; which in either case would be infringed by the identification, discovery, development, manufacture, use or sale of a Licensed Product. 
  1.10         Initiation    or    Initiate    shall mean, with respect to a Phase I     Clinical Trial, a Phase II Clinical Trial or a Phase III Clinical Trial, the administration of the first dose to the first patient in such clinical trial. 
  1.11         Licensed Method    shall mean any method, the practice of which would, but for the grant of rights hereunder, infringe a Valid Claim (in the case of a Valid Claim that has not yet issued, assuming that such Valid Claim has issued). 
  1.12         Licensed Product    shall mean any Type I Licensed Product or any Type II Licensed Product. 
  
   3 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

1.13         Licensed Services    shall mean any service provided for or on behalf of a third party on a fee-for-service basis that entails the practice of a Licensed Method. 
  1.14         Net Sales    shall mean the gross amount invoiced by or on behalf of Licensee, its Affiliates and Sublicensees (in each case, the  Invoicing Entity ) on sales, leases or other transfers of Licensed Products, less the following to the extent applicable on such sales, leases or other transfers of Licensed Products and not previously deducted from the gross invoice price: (a) customary trade, quantity or cash discounts to the extent actually allowed and taken; (b) amounts actually repaid or credited by reason of rejection or return of any previously sold, leased or otherwise transferred Licensed Products; (c) customer freight charges that are paid by or on behalf of the Invoicing Entity; and (d) to the extent separately stated on purchase orders, invoices or other documents of sale, any sales, value added or similar taxes, custom duties or other similar governmental charges levied directly on the production, sale, transportation, delivery or use of a Licensed Product that are paid by or on behalf of the Invoicing Entity, but not including any tax levied with respect to income; provided that: 
  1.14.1        in the event that an Invoicing Entity receives non-cash consideration for any Licensed Products or in the case of transactions not at arm s length with a non-Affiliate of Invoicing Entity, Net Sales shall be calculated based on the fair market value of such consideration or transaction, assuming an arm s length transaction made in the ordinary course of business; and 
  1.14.2        sales of Licensed Products by an Invoicing Entity to its Affiliate or Sublicensee for resale by such Affiliate or Sublicensee shall not be deemed Net Sales.  Instead, Net Sales shall be determined based on the gross amount invoiced by such Affiliate or Sublicensee on resale of Licensed Products to a third party purchaser. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following shall not be included in Net Sales: (1) Licensed Products provided by Licensee, its Affiliates or Sublicensees for administration to patients enrolled in clinical trials or distributed through a not-for-profit foundation at no charge to eligible patients   provided   that Licensee, its Affiliates, or Sublicensees receive no consideration from such clinical trials or not-for-profit foundation for such use of Licensed Products and (2) Licensed Products used as samples to promote additional Net Sales, in amounts consistent with normal business practices of Licensee, its Affiliates or Sublicensees,   provided   that Licensee, its Affiliates, or Sublicensees receive no consideration for such samples. 
  Further, Net Sales shall be adjusted as follows: 
  In the event a Licensed Product is [* * *] as defined below, Net Sales of the [* * *], where [* * *].  If, in a specific country, the relevant Licensed Product is [* * *] in such country.  As used above, the term [* * *] means [* * *].  Without limiting any of the foregoing, Net Sales shall be determined in accordance with normally accepted accounting principles, such as GAAP, IFRS or similar accounting principles, on a basis consistent with the audited consolidated financial statements of Licensee, its Affiliates, or its Sublicensees, as applicable. 
  
   4 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

1.15         Non-Royalty Sublicense Income    shall mean any payments or other consideration that Licensee or any of its Affiliates receives in connection with a Sublicense, other than royalties based on Net Sales or Service Income or the receipt of a portion of profits derived from the sale of Licensed Products or the performance of Licensed Services.  In the event that Licensee or an Affiliate of Licensee receives non-cash consideration in connection with a Sublicense or in the case of transactions not at arm s length, Non-Royalty Sublicense Income shall be calculated based on the fair market value of such consideration or transaction, at the time of the transaction, assuming an arm s length transaction made in the ordinary course of business.  Non-Royalty Sublicense Income shall not include (a) amounts received from a Sublicensee that are committed to cover future industry standard, fully burdened costs to be incurred by Licensee or any of its Affiliates in the performance of research and development activities to be performed by Licensee or any of its Affiliates under a Sublicense agreement in connection with a Licensed Product or a product expected to become a Licensed Product, (b) equity investments in Licensee to the extent such payment reflects the fair market value of such securities, (c) amounts received from a Sublicensee in connection with a bona fide, fully repayable, market rate loan made by Sublicensee to Licensee, (d) the attributed value of any cross-license granted by a Sublicensee to Licensee to the extent such cross-license provides Licensee with freedom to operate with respect to a Licensed Product or a product expected to become a Licensed Product (but not excluding any consideration actually received from such Sublicensee on account of such cross-license), (e) payments made to reimburse Licensee for any amounts paid by it to Harvard under Section 6.2 of this Agreement or (1) payments made to reimburse Licensee for the costs of Licensee s full time equivalents who market and promote Licensed Products and Licensed Services and sell Licensed Products, which reflect the fair market value of such services and are substantiated by any report delivered by Licensee to any such Sublicensee to claim such reimbursement. 
  1.16         Patent Rights    shall mean, in each case to the extent owned and controlled by Harvard: (a) the patent applications listed on Exhibit 1.15; (b) any patent or patent application that claims priority to and is a divisional, continuation, reissue, renewal, reexamination, substitution or extension of any patent application identified in (a); (c) any patents issuing on any patent application identified in (a) or (b), including any reissues, renewals, reexaminations, substitutions or extensions thereof; (d) any claim of a continuation-in-part application or patent that is entitled to the priority date of, and is directed specifically to subject matter specifically described in, at least one of the patents or patent applications identified in (a), (b) or (c); and (e) any foreign counterpart (including PCTs) of any patent or patent application identified in (a), (b) or (c) or of the claims identified in (d). 
  1.17         Phase I Clinical Trial    shall mean a clinical trial in any country involving the initial introduction of an investigational new drug into humans, typically designed to determine the metabolism and pharmacologic actions of the drug in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness.  In the United States,  Phase I Clinical Trial  means a human clinical trial that satisfies the requirements of 21 C.F.R.   312.21(a). 
  
   5 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

1.18         Phase II Clinical Trial    shall mean a human clinical trial in any country conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of a drug for a particular indication or indications in patients with the disease or condition under study and, possibly, to determine the common short-term side effects and risks associated with the drug.  In the United States,  Phase II Clinical Trial  means a human clinical trial that satisfies the requirements of 21 C.F.R.   312.21(b). 
  1.19         Phase III Clinical Trial    shall mean a human clinical trial in any country, whether controlled or uncontrolled, that is performed after preliminary evidence suggesting effectiveness of the drug under evaluation has been obtained, and intended to gather the additional information about effectiveness and safety that is needed to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide an adequate basis for physician labeling.  In the United Slates,  Phase III Clinical Trial means a human clinical trial that satisfies the requirements of 21 C.F.R.   312.21(c). 
  1.20         Regulatory Authority    shall mean any applicable government regulatory authority involved in granting approvals for the manufacturing and/ marketing of a Licensed Product, including, in the United States, the FDA. 
  1.21         Service Income    shall mean the gross amount invoiced by or on behalf of an Invoicing Entity (as defined in Section 1.14) for the performance of Licensed Services; provided that: 
  1.21.1        in any performance of Licensed Services by an Invoicing Entity for its Affiliate, Service Income shall be equal to the fair market value of the Licensed Services performed, assuming an arm s length transaction made in the ordinary course of business; and 
  1.21.2        in the event that an Invoicing Entity received non-case consideration for any Licensed Services or in the case of transactions not at arm s length with a non-Affiliate of Invoicing Entity, Service Income shall be calculated based on the fair market value of such consideration or transaction, assuming an arm s length transaction made in the ordinary course of business. 
  1.22         Sublicense    shall mean: (a) any right granted, license given or agreement entered into by Licensee to or with any other person or entity (or by a Sublicensee to or with a further Sublicensee in accordance with Section 2.3.2.4), under or with respect to or authorizing any use of any of the Patent Rights, or otherwise authorizing the development, manufacture, marketing, distribution, use and/or sale of Licensed Products or the performance of Licensed Services; or (b) any option or other right granted by Licensee to any other person or entity (or by a Sublicensee to or with a further Sublicensee in accordance with Section 2.3.2.4) to negotiate for or receive any of the rights described under clause (a), including in connection with a standstill agreement; in each case regardless of whether such grant of rights, license given or agreement entered into is referred to or is described as a sublicense. 
  1.23         Sublicensee    shall mean any person or entity granted a Sublicense, other than an Affiliate. 
  
   6 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

1.24         Third Party Proposed Product    shall mean a Type II Licensed Product for vaccination against or treatment of an organism or disease for which Licensee is not developing or commercializing a Licensed Product. 
  1.25         Type I Licensed Product    shall mean any product, the manufacture, use, sale, marketing or importation of which falls within the scope of a Valid Claim in the country in which it is manufactured, used, sold, marketed or imported. 
  1.26         Type II Licensed Product    shall mean any product that is not a Type I Licensed Product, but is identified or discovered through the use of a Licensed Method. 
  1.27         Valid Claim    shall mean: (a) a claim of an issued and unexpired patent within the Patent Rights that has not been (i) held permanently revoked, unenforceable, unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, unappealable or unappealed within the time allowed for appeal, (ii) rendered unenforceable through disclaimer or otherwise, (iii) abandoned or (iv) lost through an interference proceeding; or (b) a pending claim of a pending patent application within the Patent Rights that (i) has been asserted and continues to be prosecuted in good faith, (ii) has not been abandoned or finally rejected without the possibility of appeal or refiling, and (iii) has not been pending for more than five (5) years from the date of issuance of the first substantive patent office action considering the patentability of such claim by the applicable patent office in such country (at which time such pending claim shall cease to be a Valid Claim for purposes of this Agreement unless and until such claim becomes a claim of an issued patent). 
           2. 
    License Grants. 
     2.1        Licenses  . 
  2.1.1        Exclusive License.    Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Harvard hereby grants to Licensee an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing license, sublicensable solely in accordance with Sections 2.2 and 2.3, under the Patent Rights solely (a) to identify, discover, develop, make, have made, use, market, offer for sale, sell, have sold and import Type I and Type II Licensed Products and (b) to perform Licensed Services; provided, however, that: 
  2.1.1.1        Harvard shall retain the right to make and use Type I and Type II Licensed Products, and to grant licenses to other not-for-profit research organizations the right to make and use Type I Licensed Products, for internal research, teaching and other educational purposes and not for the purpose of commercial manufacture, distribution or provision of services for a fee; and 
  2.1.1.2        the United States federal government shall retain rights in the Patent Rights pursuant to 35 U.S.C.    200-212 and 37 C.F.R.   401 et seq., and any right granted in this Agreement greater than that permitted under 35 U.S.C.    200-212 or 37 C.F.R.   401 et seq.  
  
   7 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

shall be subject to modification as may be required to conform to the provisions of those statutes and regulations. 
  2.1.2        Non-Exclusive License.    Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Harvard hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, worldwide, license under its rights in and to the Harvard Technology Transfer Materials solely for use in identifying, discovering, developing, making, having made, using, marketing, offering for sale, selling, having sold and importing any Type I Licensed Product or Type II Licensed Product.  Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, ownership of inventions discovered or invented using the Harvard Technology Transfer Materials shall follow inventorship and inventorship shall be determined in accordance with United States patent law; provided, however, that Licensee s ownership of any such discovery or invention shall not affect its obligations under this Agreement, including its obligations under Section 4.5.2. 
  2.2        Sublicenses to Affiliates.    The licenses granted to Licensee under Section 2.1 shall include the right to have some or all of Licensee s rights or obligations under this Agreement performed or exercised by one or more of Licensee s Affiliates (for so long each such Affiliate remains an Affiliate of Licensee), provided that: 
  2.2.1        no such Affiliate shall be entitled to grant, directly or indirectly, to any third party any right of whatever nature under, or with respect to, or permitting any use or exploitation of, any of the Patent Rights or the Harvard Technology Transfer Materials, including any right to develop, manufacture, market or sell Licensed Products or to practice Licensed Methods unless Licensee has assigned the rights under this Agreement to such Affiliate pursuant to Section 11.12 because, in such event, such Affiliate will be the Licensee under this Agreement; and 
  2.2.2        any act or omission taken or made by an Affiliate of Licensee under this Agreement shall be deemed an act or omission by Licensee under this Agreement. 
  2.3        Other Sublicenses  . 
  2.3.1        Sublicense Grant.    Licensee shall be entitled to grant Sublicenses to Sublicensees under the license granted pursuant to Section 2.1.1 subject to the terms of this Section 2.3.  Any such Sublicense shall be on terms and conditions in compliance with and not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.  Such Sublicenses shall only be made for consideration and in bona-fide arm s length transactions. 
  2.3.2        Sublicense Agreements.    Sublicenses under this Section 2.3 shall be granted only pursuant to written agreements, which shall be subject to and consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Such Sublicense agreements shall contain, among other things, provisions to the following effect: 
  
   8 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

2.3.2.1        all provisions necessary to ensure Licensee s ability to comply with Licensee s obligation under or not violate the provisions of Sections 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, 5.1, 5.3, 5.4, 8.1 and 11.1; 
  2.3.2.2        a section substantially the same as Article 9 (Indemnification), which also shall state that the Indemnitees (as defined in Section 9.1) are intended third party beneficiaries of such Sublicense agreement for the purpose of enforcing such indemnification; 
  2.3.2.3        in the event of termination of the license set forth in Section 2.1.1 above (in whole or in part (e.g., termination of the license as to a Licensed Product or in a particular country)), any existing Sublicense shall terminate to the extent of such terminated license; provided, however, that, for each Sublicensee, upon termination of the license, if the Sublicensee is not then in breach of the Sublicense agreement such that Licensee would have the right to terminate such Sublicense agreement, such Sublicensee shall have the right to obtain a license from Harvard on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein, which shall not impose any representations, warranties, obligations or liabilities on Harvard that are not included in this Agreement, provided that (a) the scope of the license granted directly by Harvard to such Sublicensee shall be coextensive with the scope of the license granted by Licensee to such Sublicensee, (b) if the Sublicense granted to such Sublicensee was non-exclusive, such Sublicensee shall not have the right to participate in the prosecution or enforcement of the Patent Rights under the license granted to it directly by Harvard and (c) if there are more than one Sublicensee, each Sublicensee that is granted a direct license shall be responsible for a pro rata share of the reimbursement due under Section 6.2.3 of this Agreement (based on the number of direct licenses under the Patent Rights in effect on the date of reimbursement); 
  2.3.2.4        the Sublicensee shall only be entitled to sublicense its rights under such Sublicense agreement on the terms set forth in this Section 2.3; and 
  2.3.2.5        the Sublicensee shall not be entitled to assign the Sublicense agreement without the prior written consent of Harvard, except that Sublicensee may assign the Sublicense agreement to a successor in connection with the merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its assets or that portion of its business to which the Sublicense agreement relates; provided, however, that any permitted assignee agrees in writing in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Harvard to be bound by the terms of such Sublicense agreement. 
  2.3.3        Delivery of Sublicense Agreement.    Licensee shall furnish Harvard with a fully executed copy, redacted with respect to matters not relevant to Harvard s interests, of any such Sublicense agreement or further Sublicense agreement under Section 2.3.2.4, promptly after its execution.  Harvard shall keep all such Sublicense agreements and their terms confidential and shall use them solely for the purpose of monitoring Licensee s and Sublicensees  compliance with their obligations hereunder and enforcing Harvard s rights under this Agreement. 

9 

EXHIBIT 10.2 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

2.3.4        Breach by Sublicensee.    During the term of this Agreement, Licensee shall be responsible for any breach of a Sublicense agreement by a Sublicensee (or further Sublicense agreement under Section 2.3.2.4) that results in a material breach of this Agreement.  Licensee may elect (a) to cure such breach in accordance with Section 10.2.3.1 of this Agreement or (b)     to enforce its rights by terminating such Sublicense agreement in accordance with the terms thereof.  Licensee shall indemnify Harvard for, and hold it harmless from, any and all damages or losses caused to Harvard as a result of any such breach by a Sublicensee or further Sublicensee. 
  2.4        Improvements.    In the future event that Harvard owns and controls patents and/or patent applications (a) for which one of the inventors is Dr. Darren Higgins or Dr. Michael Starnbach, (b) that are not Patent Rights and (c) that include claims that are dominated by any Valid Claims, Licensee may notify Harvard in writing that it wishes to obtain a license under such patents and/or patent applications solely with respect to those claims that are dominated by such Valid Claims.  Harvard will grant Licensee a license under such claims by amending this Agreement to include such claims in the definition of Patent Rights if (i) Harvard is not, at the time of its receipt of Licensee s notice, subject to any legal or pre-existing contractual obligations or restraints that would prevent it from granting the requested license and (ii) the inventor(s) do(es) not reasonably object to the grant of the requested license.  Licensee shall not be required to pay any additional upfront consideration for such license, except for a license issuance fee to be agreed upon by the parties.  The other financial terms of this Agreement (e.g., maintenance fees, milestone payments, royalty payments and payments on account of Non-Royalty Sublicense Income) will apply to the requested license. 
  2.5        [ ]. 
  2.6        No Other Grant of Rights.    Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to confer any ownership interest, license or other rights upon Licensee by implication, estoppel or otherwise as to any technology, intellectual property rights, products or biological materials of Harvard or any other entity, regardless of whether such technology, intellectual property rights, products or biological materials are dominant, subordinate or otherwise related to any Patent Rights. 
           3. 
    Development and Commercialization. 
     3.1        Diligence.    Licensee shall use commercially reasonable efforts and shall cause its Sublicensees to use commercially reasonable efforts: (a) to develop Licensed Products in accordance with the Development Plan; (b) to introduce Licensed Products into the commercial market; and (c) to market Licensed Products following such introduction into the market.  In addition, Licensee, by itself or through its Affiliates or Sublicensees, also shall achieve each of the  
  
   10 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

Development Milestones referenced in the then-current version of Exhibit 1.3 within the time periods specified therein.  Harvard s right to take any action against Licensee in connection  

11 

EXHIBIT 10.2 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

with a failure to achieve any such Development Milestones shall be limited to those rights set forth in Section 3.4 or, if and to the extent applicable, Section 10.2.3.  The parties acknowledge and agree that if Licensee, by itself or through its Affiliates or Sublicensees, meets its obligations in the preceding sentence then Licensee will be deemed to have also met its development obligations under (a) above. 
  3.2        Modification of Development Plan.    Licensee may modify the then applicable Development Plan from time to time to improve Licensee s ability to meet the Development Milestones. 
  3.3        Reporting.    Within sixty (60) days after the end of each calendar year.  Licensee shall furnish Harvard with a written report summarizing its, its Affiliates  and its Sublicensees  efforts during the prior year to develop and commercialize Licensed Products, including without limitation: (a) research and development activities; (b) commercialization efforts; and (c) marketing efforts.  Each report shall contain a description of Licensee s efforts in compliance with its obligations under Section 3.1, and a discussion of intended efforts for the then current year.  Together with each report.  Licensee shall provide Harvard with a copy of the then current Development Plan. 
  3.4        Failure.    If Licensee believes that it will not achieve one or more Development Milestones with respect to Licensed Products, it may notify Harvard in writing in advance of the relevant deadline.  Licensee shall include with such notice an explanation of the reasons for such failure, a proposal for extending and/or amending the relevant milestone(s), and a detailed written plan for promptly achieving such extended and/or amended milestone(s).  If Licensee does not provide Harvard with a reasonable explanation of its failure to meet the relevant Development Milestone(s) (and lack of finances shall not constitute reasonable basis for such failure) or does not provide Harvard with a reasonable proposed extension and/or amendment, Harvard may notify Licensee in writing of Licensee s failure to meet the relevant Development Milestone(s) and, in such event, shall allow Licensee ninety (90) days to cure such failure.  Subject to the last sentence of this section, Licensee s failure to cure within such ninety (90) day period shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement (a   Development Breach ) entitling Harvard to proceed solely under this Section 3.4.  In the event of a Development Breach where the relevant Development Milestone pertains to a Type I Licensed Product, Harvard shall have the right, in lieu of its rights under Section 10.2.3, to terminate the licenses granted in this Agreement only as they apply to Type I Licensed Products.  In the event Licensee (a) commits a Development Breach with respect to two Type II Licensed Products or (b) commits a Development Breach with respect to one Type II Licensed Product after already having committed a Development Breach with respect to a Type I Licensed Product, Harvard shall have the right, in lieu of its rights under Section 10.2.3, only to convert the license granted in Section 2.1.1 as it applies to Type II Licensed Products and Licensed Services into a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide license (without the right to sublicense).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Licensee does provide Harvard with an explanation of its failure to meet the relevant Development Milestone(s) and a proposed extension and/or amendment that is reasonably acceptable to Harvard, Exhibit 1.3 shall be amended automatically to incorporate such  
  
   12 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

extension and/or amendment, as applicable.  For clarity, if and only if Licensee fails to achieve a Development Milestone and does not avail itself of any aspect of the procedure set forth in this Section 3.4 (e.g., by failing to notify Harvard in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 3.4), such failure to achieve the Development Milestone shall be a material breach that entitles Harvard to proceed under Section 10.2.3. 
           4. 
    Consideration for Grant of License 
     4.1        Equity. 
  4.1.1        Grant.    As partial consideration for the licenses granted hereunder, within thirty (30) days after the Original Effective Date, Licensee shall issue to Harvard such amount of common stock of Licensee that constitutes [* * *] of the outstanding common stock of Licensee, on a Fully Diluted Basis, after giving effect to such issuance (the  Shares ).   Fully Diluted Basis  shall mean, as of the Original Effective Date, the number of shares of common stock of Licensee then outstanding (assuming conversion of all outstanding stock other than common stock into common stock) plus the number of shares of common stock of Licensee issuable upon exercise or conversion of then outstanding convertible securities, options, rights or warrants of Licensee (which shall be determined without regard to whether such securities arc then vested, exercisable or convertible).  Harvard acknowledges that all certificates representing the shares described in this Section may bear customary securities legends requiring compliance with the Securities Act of 1933 and related slate securities laws upon any transfer of such shares. 
  4.1.2        Representations and Warranties.    Licensee hereby represents and warrants to Harvard that: 
  4.1.2.1        the capitalization table attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1.2.1 (the  Cap Table ) sets forth all of the outstanding capital stock of Licensee on a Fully-Diluted Basis as of the Original Effective Date; 
  4.1.2.2        other than as set forth in the Cap Table, as of the Original Effective Date, there were no outstanding shares of capital stock, convertible securities, outstanding warrants, options or other rights to subscribe for, purchase or acquire from Licensee any capital stock of Licensee and there were no contracts or binding commitments providing for the issuance of, or the granting of rights to acquire, any capital stock of Licensee or under which Licensee was obligated to issue any of its securities; and 
  4.1.2.3        the Shares, when issued pursuant to the terms of the Original Agreement, became, upon such issuance, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 
  4.2        License Fee.    As partial consideration for the licenses granted hereunder, Licensee shall pay Harvard a non-refundable license fee of [* * *] within thirty (30) days after the Original Effective Date.  The license fee paid under this Section 4.2 shall be creditable against any amount  
  
   13 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

that is payable to Harvard under Section 4.6 on account of an upfront sublicense fee or milestone payment paid by a Sublicensee to Licensee. 
  4.3        License Maintenance Fees.    As partial consideration for the licenses granted hereunder, Licensee shall pay Harvard non-refundable annual license maintenance fees as follows: 
  4.3.1        [* * *] due and payable on the first anniversary of the Original Effective Date; 
  4.3.2        [* * *] due and payable on the second anniversary of the Original Effective Date; 
  4.3.3        [* * *] due and payable on the third anniversary of the Original Effective Date; and 
  4.3.4        [* * *] for Type I Licensed Products and [* * *] for Type II Licensed Products due and payable on the fourth anniversary of the Original Effective Date and on each subsequent anniversary of the Original Effective Date during the Term. 
  Each license maintenance fee paid under this Section 4.3 shall be creditable against the royalties that are payable to Harvard under Section 4.5. 
  4.4        Milestones. 
  4.4.1        As partial consideration for the licenses granted hereunder, Licensee shall pay Harvard the following milestone payments as specified in Section 4.4.2, regardless of whether such milestone is achieved by Licensee, its Affiliate or a Sublicensee: 
  4.4.1.1        [* * *] upon [* * *] with respect to the first Type I Licensed Product; 
  4.4.1.2        [* * *] upon [* * *] with respect to the first Type I Licensed Product; 
  4.4.1.3        [* * *] upon [* * *] with respect to the first Type I Licensed Product; and 
  4.4.1.4        [* * *] upon the [* * *] with respect to the first Type I Licensed Product. 
  With respect to the first three (3) Type II Licensed Products to achieve a milestone set forth above, Licensee shall pay Harvard thirty three percent (33%) of the amount due with respect to a Type I Licensed Product for meeting the same milestone.  With respect to each subsequent Type II Licensed  
  
   14 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

Product to achieve such milestone, Licensee shall pay Harvard sixteen and one half percent (16.5%) of the amount due with respect to a Type I Licensed Product for meeting the same milestone. 
  4.4.2        Licensee shall notify Harvard in writing within thirty (30) days following the achievement of each milestone described in Section 4.4.1, and shall make the appropriate milestone payment within thirty (30) days after the achievement of such milestone. 
  4.4.3        The milestones set forth in Section 4.4 are intended to be successive.  In the event that a Licensed Product is not required to undergo the testing or other event associated with a particular milestone ( Skipped Milestone ), such Skipped Milestone shall be deemed to have been achieved upon the achievement by such Licensed Product of the next successive milestone ( Achieved Milestone ).  Subject to Section 4.4.2, payment for any Skipped Milestone that is owed in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4.4.3 shall be due within thirty (30) days after the achievement of the Achieved Milestone. 
  4.4.4        Each milestone payment made under this Section 4.4 shall be creditable against any amount that is payable to Harvard under Section 4.6 on account of any amount paid by a Sublicensee to Licensee for upfront or milestone payments. 
  4.5        Royalties. 
  4.5.1        Type I Licensed Products.    As partial consideration for the license granted under Section 2.1.1, Licensee shall pay Harvard an amount equal to the following percentages of Net Sales with respect to Type I Licensed Products and of Service Income: 
  4.5.1.1        for Net Sales and Service Income by Licensee and its Affiliates, [* * *] of such Net Sales and Service Income: and 
  4.5.1.2        for Net Sales and Service Income by a Sublicensee, the greater of (a) [* * *] of such Net Sales and Service Income and (b) [* * *] of royalties payable by such Sublicensee to Licensee on account of such Net Sales and Service Income. 
  4.5.2        Type II Licensed Products.    As partial consideration for the license granted under Section 2.1.2, Licensee shall pay Harvard an amount equal to the following percentages of Net Sales with respect to Type II Licensed Products: 
  4.5.2.1        for Net Sales by Licensee and its Affiliates, [* * *] of such Net Sales; and 
  4.5.2.2        for Net Sales by a Sublicensee, the greater of (a) [* * *] of such Net Sales and (b) [* * *] of royalties payable by such Sublicensee to Licensee on account of such Net Sales. 
  
   15 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

Such royalties shall be payable under this Agreement on a Licensed Product by Licensed Product and country by country basis until [* * *] have passed since the date of [* * *] in each such country. 
  4.5.3        Third Party Royalty Set Off.    In the event that Licensee or a Sublicensee is required to obtain a license from a third party to an Infringed Patent in order to identify, discover, develop, manufacture, use or sell a Type I or Type II Licensed Product, and Licensee or a Sublicensee obtains such a license after arm s length negotiations, Licensee may offset [* * *] of any royalties paid under such third party license with respect to sales of Type I or Type II Licensed Products against the royalty payments that are due to Harvard pursuant to Section 4.5.1 or 4.5.2 with respect to sales of such Type I or Type II Licensed Product in such country.  Notwithstanding the above, (a) the royalty payments to Harvard with respect to a Licensed Product that is the subject of an offset under this Section 4.5.3 may not be reduced by more than [* * *] of the amount otherwise due with respect to such Type I or Type II Licensed Product, (b) the offset that Licensee is entitled to make against royalty payments due to Harvard may not be greater than any offset that Licensee or a Sublicensee, as applicable, is entitled to make against royalty payments due to a third party licensee on account of royalty payments made under or by virtue of this Agreement and (c) in the event that a Sublicensee is required to obtain a license from a third party as described above, the percentage offset that Licensee is entitled to make against royalty payments due to Harvard with respect to Net Sales by such Sublicensee may not be greater than any percentage offset that such Sublicensee actually makes against royalty payments due to Licensee with respect to such Net Sales. 
  4.5.4        Bad Debt.    If, after exercising good faith, commercially reasonable collection efforts, Licensee is unable to collect any amount related to the sale, lease or other transfer of Licensed Products and/or related to the performance of Licensed Services for which it has previously paid royalties hereunder, Licensee shall be entitled to deduct any royalty previously paid with respect to such uncollected amount from the royalty payment due by Licensee in the next Calendar Quarter, which deduction shall be set forth in the corresponding report under Section 5.1 below.  If, at any time after such deduction Licensee does collect any of such amounts, such collected amounts shall be included as Net Sales or Service Income in the Calendar Quarter in which they are collected and Licensee shall pay Harvard royalties thereon accordingly. 
  4.6        Non-Royalty Sublicense Income.    As partial consideration for the licenses granted hereunder.  Licensee shall pay Harvard an amount equal to [* * *] of all Non-Royalty Sublicense Income.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Sublicense is part of a transaction in which [* * *] to be attributed to the Sublicense as part of the overall transaction.  In such event, the amount payable to Harvard under this Section 4.6 with respect to Non-Royalty Sublicense Income received in connection with such transaction shall be determined by the following equation: 
  (x)(y) [* * *] = A 
  where: 
  (x) is the [* * *]; 
  (y) is the [* * *]; 
  
   16 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

and A is the amount to be paid to Harvard. 
  4.7        No Multiple Payments.    Only a single royalty shall be due and payable by Licensee under this Agreement with respect to a Licensed Product or Licensed Service regardless of whether the Licensed Product or Licensed Service is covered by more than one Valid Claim. 
           5. 
    Reports; Payments; Records. 
     5.1        Reports and Payments. 
  5.1.1        Reports.    Within sixty (60) days after the conclusion of each Calendar Quarter commencing with the first Calendar Quarter in which Net Sales or Service Income are generated or Non-Royalty Sublicense Income is received, Licensee shall deliver to Harvard a report containing the following information (in each instance, with a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and Licensed Service-by-Licensed Service breakdown): 
  5.1.1.1        the number of units of Licensed Products sold, leased or otherwise transferred by Licensee, its Affiliates and Sublicensees for the applicable Calendar Quarter (with a breakdown by type of Licensed Products - i.e., Type I Licensed Products and Type II Licensed Products); 
  5.1.1.2        the gross amount invoiced for Licensed Products sold, leased or otherwise transferred by Licensee, its Affiliates and Sublicensees during the applicable Calendar Quarter (with a breakdown by type of Licensed Products) and Licensed Services performed; 
  5.1.1.3        a calculation of Net Sales and Service Income for the applicable Calendar Quarter, including an itemized listing of applicable deductions; 
  5.1.1.4        a detailed accounting of all Non-Royalty Sublicense Income received during the applicable Calendar Quarter and amounts received from Sublicenses that Licensee excluded from Non-Royalty Sublicense Income pursuant to Section 1.14 (a) - (f); and 
  5.1.1.5        the total amount payable to Harvard in U.S. Dollars in Net Sales, Service Income, and Non-Royalty Sublicense Income for the applicable Calendar Quarter, together with the exchange rates used for conversion. 
  Each such report shall be certified on behalf of Licensee by its Chief Financial Officer, President or Chief Executive Officer as true, correct and complete in all material respects.  If no amounts are due to Harvard for a particular Calendar Quarter, the report shall so state. 
  5.1.2        Payment.    Within sixty (60) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter.  Licensee shall pay Harvard all amounts due with respect to Net Sales, Service Income, and Non- Royalty Sublicense Income for the applicable Calendar Quarter. 
  
   17 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

5.2        Payment Currency.    All payments due under this Agreement shall be payable in U.S. Dollars.  Conversion of foreign currency to U.S. Dollars shall be made at the conversion rate existing in the United States (as reported in the Wall Street Journal) on the last working day of the applicable Calendar Quarter.  Such payments shall be without deduction of exchange, collection or other charges. 
  5.3        Records.    Licensee shall maintain, and shall cause its Affiliates and Sublicensees to maintain, complete and accurate records of Licensed Products that are made, used or sold and Licensed Services that are performed under this Agreement, any amounts payable to Harvard in relation to such Licensed Products and Licensed Services, and all Non-Royalty Sublicense Income received by Licensee, which records shall contain sufficient information to permit Harvard to confirm the accuracy of any reports or notifications delivered to Harvard under Section 5.1.  Licensee, its Affiliates and/or its Sublicensees, as applicable, shall retain such records relating to a given Calendar Quarter for at least five (5) years after the conclusion of that Calendar Quarter, during which time Harvard shall have the right, at its expense, to cause an independent, certified public accountant to inspect such records during normal business hours for the sole purpose of verifying any reports and payments delivered under this Agreement.  Such accountant shall not disclose to Harvard any information other than information relating to the accuracy of reports and payments delivered under this Agreement.  The parties shall reconcile any underpayment or overpayment within thirty (30) days after the accountant delivers the results of the audit.  In the event that any audit performed under this Section 5.3 reveals an underpayment in excess of five percent (5%) in any calendar year, the audited entity shall bear the full cost of such audit.  Harvard may exercise its rights under this Section 5.3 only once every year per audited entity and only with reasonable prior notice to the audited entity. 
  5.4        Late Payments.    Any payments by Licensee that are not paid on or before the date such payments are due under this Agreement shall bear interest at the lower of (a) one and one half percent (1.5%) per month and (b) the maximum rate allowed by law.  Interest shall accrue beginning on the first day following the due date for payment and shall be compounded quarterly.  Payment of such interest by Licensee shall not limit, in any way.  Harvard s right to exercise any other remedies Harvard may have as a consequence of the lateness of any payment. 
  5.5        Payment Method.    Each payment due to Harvard under this Agreement shall be paid by check or wire transfer of funds to Harvard s account in accordance with written instructions provided by Harvard.  If made by wire transfer, such payments shall be marked so as to refer to this Agreement. 
  5.6        Withholding and Similar Taxes.    All amounts to be paid to Harvard pursuant to this Agreement shall be without deduction of exchange, collection, or other charges, and, specifically, without deduction of withholding or similar taxes or other government imposed fees or taxes, except as permitted in the definition of Net Sales. 
           6. 
    Intellectual Property. 
     
   18 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

6.1        Title.    The entire right, title and interest in the Patent Rights and Harvard Technology Transfer Materials shall be owned solely by Harvard. 
  6.2        Patent Filing, Prosecution and Maintenance. 
  6.2.1        Patent Rights.    Harvard shall be responsible for the preparation, filing, prosecution, protection and maintenance of and, subject to Licensee meeting its payment obligations under Section 6.2.3, shall prepare, file, prosecute, protect and maintain all Patent Rights, using patent counsel reasonably acceptable to Licensee.  With respect to Patent Rights, Harvard shall: (a) use independent patent counsel reasonably acceptable to Licensee and instruct such patent counsel to furnish the Licensee with copies of all correspondence relating to the Patent Rights from the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and any other patent office, as well as copies of all proposed responses to such correspondence in time for Licensee to review and comment on such response; (b) give Licensee an opportunity to review  the text of each patent application before filing; (c) consult with Licensee with respect thereto; (d) supply Licensee with a copy of the application as filed, together with notice of its filing date and serial number; (e) keep Licensee advised of the status of actual and prospective patent filings; and (f) provide advance copies of any papers related to the filing, prosecution, protection and maintenance of such patent filings.  Harvard shall give Licensee the opportunity to provide comments on and make requests of Harvard concerning the preparation, filing, prosecution, protection and maintenance of the Patent Rights, and shall consider such comments and requests in good faith. 
  6.2.2        Past Expenses.    Within thirty (30)     days after its receipt of an invoice from Harvard, Licensee shall reimburse Harvard for all documented, out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Harvard through the end of the last full Calendar Quarter before the Original Effective Date (the  Past Expense Period ) with respect to the preparation, filing, prosecution, protection and maintenance of the Patent Rights. 
  6.2.3        Future Expenses.    Subject to Section 6.2.4 below, within thirty (30) days after its receipt of each invoice from Harvard, Licensee shall reimburse Harvard for all documented, out-of-pocket expenses inclined by Harvard pursuant to Section 6.2.1, including those incurred between the end of the Past Expense Period and the Original Effective Date. 
  6.2.4        Abandonment.    Should Licensee decide that it does not wish to pay for the preparation, filing, prosecution, protection or maintenance of any Patent Rights in a country ( Abandoned Patent Rights ), Licensee shall provide Harvard with prompt written notice of such election.  Ninety (90) days after receipt of such notice by Harvard, Licensee shall be released from its obligation to reimburse Harvard for the expenses incurred thereafter as to such Abandoned Patent Rights.  In the event of Licensee s abandonment of any Patent Rights, Harvard may terminate (at any time upon written notice) the license granted to Licensee hereunder with respect to such Abandoned Patent Rights.  In such case, Licensee will have no rights whatsoever to exploit such Abandoned Patent Rights and the claims of such Abandoned Patent Rights shall cease to constitute  
  
   19 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

Valid Claims.  Harvard shall then be free, without further notice or obligation to Licensee, to grant rights in and to such Abandoned Patent Rights to third parties. 
  6.2.5        Small Entity Designation.    If Licensee, its Affiliates, any Sublicensee and/or any holder of an option to obtain a Sublicense does not qualify, or at any point during the term of this Agreement ceases to qualify, as an entity entitled to pay lesser fees as provided by the USPTO (i.e., a  small entity ) or the patent office of any other country.  Licensee shall so notify Harvard immediately, in order to enable Harvard to comply with regulations regarding payment of fees with respect to Patent Rights. 
  6.2.6        Marking.    Licensee, its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall mark all Licensed Products sold or otherwise disposed of in such a manner as to conform with the patent laws and practice of the country to which such products arc shipped or in which such products are sold. 
           7. 
    Enforcement of Patent Rights. 
     7.1        Notice.    In the event either party becomes aware of any possible or actual infringement of any Patent Rights relating to Licensed Products or a Licensed Service that are not solely within the scope of rights granted to a third party under Section 2.5 (an  Infringement ), that party shall promptly notify the other party and provide it with details regarding such Infringement. 
  7.2        Suit by Licensee.    Licensee shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to take action in the prosecution, prevention or termination of any Infringement.  Before Licensee commences an action with respect to any Infringement, Licensee shall consider in good faith the views of Harvard and potential effects on the public interest in making its decision whether to sue.  Should Licensee elect to bring suit against an infringer, Licensee shall keep Harvard reasonably informed of the progress of the action and shall give Harvard a reasonable opportunity in advance to consult with Licensee and offer its views about major decisions affecting the litigation.  Licensee shall give careful consideration to those views, but shall have the right to control the action; provided, however, that if Licensee fails to defend in good faith the validity and/or enforceability of the Patent Rights in the action or, or if Licensee s license to a Valid Claim in the suit terminates, Harvard may elect to take control of the action pursuant to Section 7.3.  Should Licensee elect to bring suit against an infringer and Harvard is joined as party plaintiff in any such suit, Harvard shall have the right to approve the counsel selected by Licensee to represent Licensee and Harvard, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.  The expenses of such suit or suits that Licensee elects to bring, including any expenses of Harvard reasonably incurred in conjunction with the prosecution of such suits or the settlement thereof, shall be paid for entirely by Licensee and Licensee shall hold Harvard free, clear and harmless from and against any and all costs of such litigation, including attorney s fees.  Licensee shall not compromise or settle such litigation without the prior written consent of Harvard, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  In the event Licensee exercises its right to sue pursuant to this Section 7.2, it shall first reimburse itself out of any sums recovered in such suit or in settlement thereof for all costs and expenses of every kind and character, including reasonable attorney s fees, necessarily incurred in the prosecution of any such suit.  If,  
  
   20 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

after such reimbursement, any funds shall remain from said recovery, then Harvard shall receive an amount equal to twenty percent (20%) of such funds and the remaining eighty percent (80%) of such funds shall be retained by Licensee. 
  7.3        Suit by Harvard.    If Licensee does not lake action in the prosecution, prevention, or termination of any Infringement pursuant to Section 7.2 above, and has not commenced negotiations with the infringer for the discontinuance of said Infringement, within ninety (90) days after receipt of notice to Licensee by Harvard of the existence of an Infringement, Harvard may elect to do so.  Should Harvard elect to bring suit against an infringer and Licensee is joined as party plaintiff in any such suit, Licensee shall have the right to approve the counsel selected by Harvard to represent Harvard, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.  The expenses of such suit or suits that Harvard elects to bring, including any expenses of Licensee reasonably incurred in conjunction with the prosecution of such suits or the settlement thereof, shall be paid for entirely by Harvard and Harvard shall hold Licensee free, clear and harmless from and against any and all costs of such litigation, including attorney s fees.  Harvard shall not compromise or settle such litigation without the prior written consent of Licensee, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  In the event Harvard exercises its right to sue pursuant to this Section 7.3, it shall first reimburse itself out of any sums recovered in such suit or in settlement thereof for all costs and expenses of every kind and character, including reasonable attorney s fees, necessarily incurred in the prosecution of any such suit.  If, after such reimbursement, any funds shall remain from said recovery, then Licensee shall receive an amount equal to twenty percent (20%) of such funds and the remaining eighty percent (80%) of such funds shall be retained by Harvard. 
  7.4        Own Counsel.    Each party shall always have the right to be represented by counsel of its own selection and at its own expense in any suit instituted under this Article 7 by the other party for Infringement. 
  7.5        Cooperation.    Each party agrees to cooperate fully in any action under this Article 7 that is controlled by the other party, provided that the controlling party reimburses the cooperating party promptly for any costs and expenses incurred by the cooperating party in connection with providing such assistance. 
  7.6        Standing.    If a party lacks standing and the other party has standing to bring any such suit, action or proceeding, then such other party shall do so at the request of and at the expense of the requesting party.  If either party determines that it is necessary or desirable for another party to join any such suit, action or proceeding, the other party shall execute all papers and perform such other acts as may be reasonably required in the circumstances. 
  7.7        Declaratory Judgment.    If a declaratory judgment action is brought naming Licensee and/or any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees as a defendant and alleging invalidity or unenforceability of any claims within the Patent Rights, Licensee shall promptly notify Harvard in writing and Harvard may elect, upon written notice to Licensee within thirty (30) days after Harvard receives notice of the commencement of such action, to take over the sole defense of the invalidity  
  
   21 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

or unenforceability aspect of the action at its own expense and shall reasonably consider all comments of Licensee concerning such action. 
           8. 
    Warranties; Limitation of Liability. 
     8.1        Compliance with Law.    Licensee represents and warrants that it will comply, and will ensure that its Affiliates and Sublicensees comply, with all local, state, and international laws and regulations relating to the development, manufacture, use, sale and importation of Licensed Products and the performance of Licensed Services.  Without limiting the foregoing, Licensee represents and warrants that it will comply, and will ensure that its Affiliates and Sublicensees comply, with all United States export control laws and regulations. 
  8.2        No Warranty. 
  8.2.1        NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A WARRANTY BY HARVARD THAT IT CAN OR WILL BE ABLE TO OBTAIN PATENTS ON PATENT APPLICATIONS INCLUDED IN THE PATENT RIGHTS,  OR THAT ANY OF THE PATENT RIGHTS WILL AFFORD ADEQUATE OR COMMERCIALLY WORTHWHILE PROTECTION. 
  8.2.2        HARVARD MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE PRACTICE OF THE PATENT RIGHTS OR USE OF THE HARVARD TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER MATERIALS OR THE DEVELOPMENT, MANUFACTURE, USE, SALE OR IMPORTATION OF ANY LICENSED PRODUCT OR THE PRACTICE OF ANY LICENSED METHOD, OR ANY ELEMENT THEREOF, WILL NOT INFRINGE THE PATENT OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY. 
  8.2.3        EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY TECHNOLOGY, PATENTS, GOODS, SERVICES, RIGHTS OR OTHER SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT WI TH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOREGOING. 
  8.3        Limitation of Liability. 
  8.3.1        Except with respect to Licensee s indemnification obligations under Article 9, neither party will be liable to the other with respect to any subject matter of this Agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for (a) any indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or lost profits or (b) cost of procurement of substitute goods, technology or services. 
  
   22 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

8.3.2        Harvard s aggregate liability for all damages of any kind arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its subject matter shall not exceed the amounts paid to Harvard under this Agreement. 
           9. 
    Indemnification. 
     9.1        Indemnity. 
  9.1.1        Licensee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Harvard and its current or former directors, governing board members, trustees, officers, faculty, medical and professional staff, employees, students, and agents and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (collectively, the  Indemnitees ) from and against any claim, liability, cost, expense, damage, deficiency, loss or obligation or any kind or nature (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney s fees and other costs and expenses of litigation) by or owed to a third party (collectively,  Claims ), based upon, arising out of, (a) practice by Licensee, its Affiliates and Sublicensees of the Patent Rights or (b) the development, manufacture, distribution, sale or use of Licensed Products or the performance of Licensed Services, including without limitation any cause of action relating to product liability concerning any product, process, or service made, used or sold pursuant to any right or license granted under this Agreement; provided, however, that the above indemnification shall not apply to any Claim to the extent that it is directly attributable to the gross negligence or intentional misconduct of any Indemnitee. 
  9.1.2        Licensee shall, at its own expense, provide attorneys reasonably acceptable to Harvard to defend against any actions brought or filed against any Indemnitee hereunder with respect to the subject of indemnity contained herein, whether or not such actions are rightfully brought.  Any Indemnitee seeking indemnification hereunder shall promptly notify Licensee of such Claim; provided, however, that failure to so notify Licensee will relieve Licensee from liability for indemnification only if and to the extent Licensee did not otherwise promptly learn of such Claim and such failure results in additional costs, expenses or liability of Licensee or the inability to defend any such Claim under Section 9.1.  The Indemnitees shall provide Licensee, at Licensee s expense, with reasonable assistance and full information with respect to such Claim and give Licensee sole control of the defense or settlement of any Claim for which Licensee acknowledges full responsibility under this Section 9.1; provided, however, that (a) Licensee shall not settle any such Claim which will adversely impact Harvard s interest in the Patent Rights, admit any liability on the part of an Indemnitee or impose any obligations on any Indemnitee without the prior written consent of Harvard, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and (b) any Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel, at the expense of Licensee, if representation of such Indemnitee by the counsel retained by Licensee would be inappropriate because of actual or potential differences in the interests of such Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Licensee be required to pay the expenses of more than one counsel for the Indemnitees in addition to counsel retained by Licensee.  Licensee agrees to keep Harvard informed of the progress in the defense and disposition of such claim, suit or action and to consult with Harvard with regard to any proposed settlement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  
  
   23 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

Licensee shall have no obligations for any Claim if the Indemnitee seeking indemnification makes any admission, settlement or other communication regarding such Claim without the prior written consent of Licensee, in its sole discretion. 
  9.2        Insurance. 
  9.2.1        Beginning at the time any Licensed Product is being commercially distributed or sold (other than for the purpose of obtaining regulatory approvals) or any Licensed Service is being performed by Licensee, or by an Affiliate, Sublicensee or agent of Licensee, Licensee shall, at its sole cost and expense, procure and maintain commercial general liability insurance in amounts not less than $5,000,000 per incident and $5,000,000 annual aggregate and naming the Indemnitees as additional insureds.  During clinical trials of any such Licensed Product, Licensee shall, at its sole cost and expense, procure and maintain commercial general liability insurance in amounts not less than $3,000,000 per incident and $3,000,000 annual aggregate, naming the Indemnitees as additional insureds.  Such commercial general liability insurance shall provide: (a) product liability coverage and (b) broad form contractual liability coverage for Licensee s indemnification under this Agreement. 
  9.2.2        If Licensee elects to self-insure all or part of the limits described above in Section 9.2.1 (including deductibles or retentions which are in excess of $250,000 annual aggregate) such self-insurance program must be acceptable to Harvard and the Risk Management Foundation of the Harvard Medical Institutions, Inc. in their commercially reasonable discretion.  The minimum amounts of insurance coverage required shall not be construed to create a limit o! Licensee s liability with respect to its indemnification under this Agreement. 
  9.2.3        Licensee shall provide Harvard with written evidence of such insurance upon request of Harvard.  Licensee shall provide Harvard with written notice at least fifteen (15) days prior to the cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance; if Licensee does not obtain replacement insurance providing comparable coverage within thirty (30) days after such notice, Harvard shall have the right to terminate this Agreement effective at the end of such thirty (30) day period without notice or any additional waiting periods. 
  9.2.4        Licensee shall maintain such commercial general liability insurance beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement during: (a) the period that any Licensed Product is being commercially distributed or sold or any Licensed Service is being performed by Licensee, or an Affiliate, Sublicensee or agent of Licensee; and (b) a reasonable period after the period referred to in (a) above which in no event shall be less than five (5) years. 
           10. 
    Term and Termination. 
     10.1        Term.    The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Original Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this Article 10, shall continue in full force and effect  
  
   24 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

on a Licensed Product by Licensed Product, Licensed Service by Licensed Service and country by country basis until the expiration of the last to expire Valid Claim. 
  10.2        Termination. 
  10.2.1        Termination Without Cause.    Licensee may terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to Harvard, as to Type I or Type II Licensed Products, or as to both.  All rights and licenses granted herein shall survive such termination as to the type of Licensed Product that is not terminated.  In the event of a termination with respect to Type II Licensed Products, Licensee s obligations under Sections 4.4, 4.5.2, 4.6 and Articles 5 and 9 shall survive such termination with respect to Type II Licensed Products that were identified or discovered through the use of a Licensed Method, which use was made prior to such termination. 
  10.2.2        Termination for Patent Challenge.    Harvard may terminate this Agreement immediately, as to Type I or Type II Licensed Products or both, upon written notice to Licensee if Licensee commences an action in which it challenges the validity, enforceability or scope of any of the Patent Rights.  All rights and licenses granted herein shall survive such termination as to the Licensed Product that is not terminated. 
  10.2.3        Termination for Default. 
  10.2.3.1        Subject to Section 3.4, in the event that cither party commits a material breach of its obligations under this Agreement and fails to cure that breach within ninety (90) days after receiving written notice thereof, the other party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety immediately upon written notice to the party in breach; provided, however, that in the event that Licensee has materially breached its obligations under this Agreement (such as a failure to achieve an applicable Development Milestone without availing itself of any aspect of the procedure set forth in Section 3.4) solely with respect any given Type I     Licensed Product and not with respect to any Type II Licensed Products, then Harvard shall consider in good faith, but in its sole discretion, terminating only the rights and licenses granted herein with respect to Type I     Licensed Products, and either leaving as is or converting to non-exclusive the rights and licenses granted herein with respect to Type II Licensed Products and Licensed Services. 
  10.2.3.2        If Licensee defaults in its obligations under Section 9.2 to procure and maintain insurance or, if Licensee has in any event failed to comply with the notice requirements contained therein, then Harvard may terminate this Agreement immediately without notice or additional waiting period. 
  10.2.4        Bankruptcy.    Harvard may terminate this Agreement upon notice to Licensee if Licensee becomes judicially declared insolvent, is adjudged bankrupt, applies for judicial or extra judicial settlement with its creditors, makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, voluntarily files for bankruptcy or has a receiver or trustee (or the like) in bankruptcy appointed by reason of its insolvency, or in the event an involuntary bankruptcy action is filed against Licensee and not  
  
   25 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

dismissed within ninety (90) days, or if the other party becomes the subject of liquidation or dissolution proceedings or otherwise discontinues business. 
  10.3        Effect of Termination. 
  10.3.1        Termination of Rights.    Upon termination of this Agreement in whole or in part by either party pursuant to any of the provisions of Sections 3.4 or 10.2: (a) the rights and licenses granted to Licensee under Article 2 with respect to the terminated Licensed Products and/or Licensed Services, as applicable, shall terminate and, in the event that the Agreement is terminated in whole, all rights in and to and under the Patent Rights shall revert to Harvard; and (b) any existing agreements that contain a Sublicense with respect to the terminated Licensed Products shall terminate to the extent of such Sublicense; provided, however, that, for each Sublicensee, upon termination of the Sublicense agreement with such Sublicensee, if the Sublicensee is not then in breach of its Sublicense agreement with Licensee such that Licensee would have the right to terminate such Sublicense, such Sublicensee shall have the right to obtain a license from Harvard on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein, which shall not impose any representations, warranties, obligations or liabilities on Harvard that arc not included in this Agreement provided that (a) the scope of the license granted directly by Harvard to such Sublicensee shall be co-extensive with the scope of the license granted by Licensee to such Sublicensee, (b) if the Sublicense granted to such Sublicensee was non-exclusive, such Sublicensee shall not have the right to participate in the prosecution or enforcement of the Patent Rights under the license granted to it directly by Harvard and (c) if there are more than one Sublicensee, each Sublicensee that is granted a direct license shall be responsible for a pro rata share of the reimbursement due under Section 6.2.3 of this Agreement (based on the number of direct licenses under the Patent Rights in effect on the date of reimbursement). 
  10.3.2        Accruing Obligations.    Termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not relieve the parties of obligations accruing prior to such termination or expiration, including obligations to pay amounts accruing hereunder up to the date of termination or expiration.  After the date of termination or expiration (except in the case of termination by Harvard pursuant to Section 10.2.2, 10.2.3 or 10.2.4), Licensee, its Affiliates and Sublicensees (a) may sell Licensed Products then in stock and (b) may complete the production of Licensed Products then in the process of production and sell the same; provided that, in the case of both (a) and (b), Licensee shall pay the applicable royalties and payments to Harvard in accordance with Article 4, provide reports and audit rights to Harvard pursuant to Article 5 and maintain insurance in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.2. 
  10.4        Survival.    The parties  respective rights, obligations and duties under Articles 5, 9 and 10 and Section 4.5.2, as well as any rights, obligations and duties which by their nature extend beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.  In addition, Licensee s obligations under Section 4.6 with respect to Sublicenses granted prior to termination of the Agreement shall survive termination. 
  
   26 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

11.1        Preference for United States Industry.    During the period of exclusivity of this license in the United States, Licensee shall comply with 37 C.F.R.   401.14(i) or any successor rule or regulation.  Upon Licensee s request.  Harvard agrees to make reasonable efforts to assist Licensee in obtaining a waiver of the requirements imposed by such rules or regulations. 
  11.2        Security Interest.    If Licensee enters into any agreement under which Licensee grants to or otherwise creates in any third party a security interest in this Agreement or any of the rights granted to Licensee herein ( Security Agreement ), and there occurs a default under the terms of such Security Agreement, if such default is not cured within any applicable cure period that may be provided under such Security Agreement, and any such third party takes any action under the Security Agreement to take title to the secured property, such action shall be deemed a default under this Agreement and be subject to the terms of Section 10.2.3. 
  11.3        Use of Name.    Licensee shall not, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall not, use the name or insignia of Harvard or the name of any of Harvard officers, faculty, other researchers or students, or any adaptation of such names, in any advertising, promotional or sales literature, including without limitation any press release or any document employed to obtain funds, without the prior written approval of Harvard.  This restriction shall not apply to any information required by law to be disclosed to any governmental entity. 
  11.4        Entire Agreement.    This Agreement is the sole agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and except as expressly set forth herein, supersedes all other agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the same. 
  11.5        Notices.    Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and may be delivered personally, or may be sent by facsimile, overnight delivery or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the following addresses, unless the parties arc subsequently notified of any change of address in accordance with this Section 11.5: 
  
   27 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

If to  Licensee: 
      
    Genocea Biosciences, Inc.  Cambridge Discovery Park  100 Acorn Park Drive, 5   th    Floor 
  Cambridge, Massachusetts 02140 

Attn:  President 

If to Harvard: 
      
    Office of Technology Development  Harvard University  Holyoke Center 727  1350 Massachusetts Avenue  Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138 
  Attn.: Chief Technology Development Officer 

Any notice shall be deemed to have been received as follows: (a) by personal delivery, upon receipt; (b) by facsimile or overnight delivery, one business day after transmission or dispatch; (c) by certified mail, as evidenced by the return receipt.  If notice is sent by facsimile, a confirming copy of the same shall be sent by mail to (lie same address. 
  11.6        Governing Law and Jurisdiction.    This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision, except that questions affecting the construction and effect of any patent shall be determined by the law of the country in which the patent shall have been granted.  Any action, suit or other proceeding arising under or relating to this Agreement (a  Suit ) shall be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the Parties hereby consent to the sole jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.  Each party agrees not to raise any objection at any time to the laying or maintaining of the venue of any Suit in any of the specified courts, irrevocably waives any claim that Suit has been brought in any inconvenient forum and further irrevocably waives the right to object, with respect to any Suit, that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party. 
  11.7        Binding Effect.    This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. 
  11.8        Headings.    Section and subsection headings are inserted for convenience of reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
  11.9        Counterparts.    The parties may execute this Agreement in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original. 
  11.10        Amendment; Waiver.    This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded or canceled, and any of the terms may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by each party or, in the case of waiver, by the party waiving compliance.  The delay or failure of either party at  
  
   28 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

any time or times to require performance of any provisions hereof shall in no manner affect the rights at a later time to enforce the same.  No waiver by either party of any condition or of the breach of any term contained in this Agreement, whether by conduct, or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or considered as a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or of the breach of such term or any other term of this Agreement. 
  11.11        No Agency or Partnership.    Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give either party the right to bind the other, or be deemed to constitute either party as agent for or partner of the other or any third party. 
  11.12        Assignment and Successors.    This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, except that each party may, without such consent, assign this Agreement and the rights, obligations and interests of such party to any of its Affiliates, to any purchaser of all or substantially all of its assets or the portion of its business to which the subject matter of this Agreement relates, or to any successor corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation of such party with or into such corporation; provided, in each case, that the assignee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.  Any assignment purported or attempted to be made in violation of the terms of this Section 11.12 shall be null and void and of no legal effect. 
  11.13        Force Majeure.    Neither party will be responsible for delays resulting from causes beyond the reasonable control of such party, including, without limitation, fire, explosion, flood, war, strike, or riot, provided that the nonperforming party uses commercially reasonable efforts to avoid or remove such causes of nonperformance and continues performance under this Agreement with reasonable dispatch whenever such causes are removed. 
  11.14        Interpretation.    Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that: (a) it and/or its counsel reviewed and negotiated the terms and provisions of this Agreement and has contributed to its revision; (b) the rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement; and (c) the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be construed fairly as to both parties hereto and not in favor of or against either party, regardless of which party was generally responsible for the preparation of this Agreement. 
  11.15        Severability.    If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid or is ruled invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction or is deemed unenforceable, it is the intention of the parties that the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected. 
    
  [Signature Page Follows] 
  
   29 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above. 

President and Fellows of Harvard College 
      
    Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 

By:   /s/ Cristin L. Rothfuss  ___________ 
      
    By:   /s/ Chip Clark                      _________ 

Name:   Cristin L. Rothfuss   ___________ 
      
    Name:   Chip Clark           _______________ 

Title:   Director of Technology Transactions   Office of Technology Development   Harvard University 
      
    Title:   President and CEO                     _____ 

30 

EXHIBIT 10.2 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Exhibit 1.3 
  Development Milestones 
  Type I Licensed Products 
           a. 
    [* * *] 
              b. 
    [* * *] 
              c. 
    [* * *] 
     Type II Licensed Products 
           1. 
    Development Milestones for the First Type II Licensed Product 
              a. 
    [* * *] 
              b. 
    [* * *] 
              2. 
    Development Milestones for the Second Type II Licensed Product 
              a. 
    [* * *] 
              b. 
    [* * *] 
              c. 
    [* * *] 
              d. 
    [* * *] 
     For the avoidance of doubt, all references above and elsewhere in the Agreement to the  first   Type II Licensed Product are meant to refer to any Type II Licensed Product that reaches the applicable Development Milestone first (including any extensions or adjustments to such Development Milestone agreed to by the parties in accordance with Section 3.4 of the Agreement), and not just to the first in the series of Licensed Products that Genocea seeks to develop towards such Development Milestone.  The parties acknowledge and agree that the Licensed Product that ultimately achieves a particular Development Milestone may be different (e.g., different antigens, different indication) from the Licensed Product that Genocea initially sought or intended to develop towards that same Development Milestone.  The same concepts apply with equal force to all references in the Agreement to the  second  Type II Licensed Product. 

EXHIBIT 10.2 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Exhibit 1.4 
  Development Plan 
  Development Plan for the First Type II Licensed Product 
  All times in the development plan below date from the Original Effective Date, and represent best estimates for the completion of each task. 
                 Task 
    Completion Date 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] months 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] months 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] months 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] months 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] months 

Within [* * *] after the [* * *] with respect to the [* * *], Licensee shall provide Harvard with an updated Development Plan for the further development of such Licensed Product. 

EXHIBIT 10.2 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. WHERE TWO PAGES OF MATERIAL HAVE BEEN OMITTED, THE REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [ ]. 

Exhibit 1.7 
  Harvard Technology Transfer Materials 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 gnca-ex103_2016930xq3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.3 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Execution Copy 
  LICENSE AND COLLABORATION AGREEMENT  
  by and between  
  GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC.   
  and 
  ISCONOVA AB 
    
  August 5, 2009 and amended as of March 19, 2010 (Amendment 1); June 18, 2010 (Amendment 2); August 17, 2010 (Amendment 3); October 19, 2011 (Amendment 4); February 6, 2012 (Amendment 5); and October 21, 2014 (Amendment to License Agreement - Exhibit F) 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

2 

EXHIBIT 10.3 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Exhibit A         Isconova Patents 
  Exhibit B      Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan 
  Exhibit C-1 -      Development and Scale-Up Plan 
  Exhibit C-2 -       Terms of Research, Pre-Clinical and Clinical Supplies 
  Exhibit D -       Supply and Manufacturing Agreement 
  Exhibit E -       Isconova Commercial Partner Agreement 

EXHIBIT 10.3 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

LICENSE AND COLLABORATION AGREEMENT 
  This License and Collaboration Agreement (this    Agreement   ) dated the 5th day of August, 
  2009 (the    Effective Date   ) is by and between Genocea Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation having its principal office at 161 First Street, Suite 2C, Cambridge, MA 02142, United States of America (   Genocea   ), and Isconova AB, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Sweden and having a principal place of business at Uppsala Science Park, SE- 751 83 Uppsala, Sweden (   Isconova   ).  Genocea and Isconova may each be referred to herein individually as a    Party    and collectively as the    Parties  .  
  INTRODUCTION 
  WHEREAS, Genocea is in the business of discovering, developing and commercializing vaccine products that incorporate certain antigens owned or otherwise Controlled by Genocea; 
  WHEREAS, Isconova owns or otherwise controls certain intellectual property relating to the Licensed Adjuvant (as defined below); and 
  WHEREAS, Genocea and Isconova desire to collaborate, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, in certain aspects of the Development of vaccine product candidates which incorporate one or more Genocea Antigens (defined below in   Section 1.35  ) and the Licensed Adjuvant (such candidates, the    Licensed Products   ) and to provide for Genocea to further research, develop, manufacture and commercialize such Licensed Products as provided for herein, 
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth below and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 
  ARTICLE 1      DEFINITIONS 
  Except as otherwise explicitly specified to the contrary, (a) references to a Section, Article, Exhibit or Schedule means a Section or Article of, or Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, unless another agreement is specified, (b) the word  including  will be construed as  including without limitation,  (c) references to a particular statute or regulation include all rules and regulations thereunder and any predecessor or successor statute, rules or regulations, in each case, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, (d) words in the singular or plural form include the plural and singular form, respectively, (e) words of any gender include each other gender, (f)  or  is disjunctive but not necessarily exclusive, (g) the word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall,  (h) whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are  
  
   1 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

specified, and (i) references to a particular person include such person s successors and assigns to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement. 
  When used in this Agreement, each of the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this   ARTICLE 1  : 
  1.1         Affiliate    means, with respect to a subject entity, another entity that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such subject entity, for so long as such control exists.  For purposes of this definition only,  control  means ownership, directly or indirectly through one or more Affiliates, of at least fifty percent (50%) of the equity securities of the entity entitled to vote in the election of directors (or, in the case of an entity that is not a corporation, in the election of the corresponding managing authority, or in the case of a partnership, the status as a general partner) or any other arrangement whereby an entity controls or has the right to control the board of directors or equivalent governing body or management of a corporation or other entity. 
  1.2         Agreement Term    means the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending upon the termination of this Agreement with respect to all countries in the Territory, in accordance with   Section 9.1  . 
  1.3         Applicable Law    means the applicable laws, rules and regulations, including any rules, regulations, guidelines or other requirements of the Regulatory Authorities, that may be in effect from time to time in the Territory. 
  1.4         Bankruptcy Code    means Title 11, United States Code, as amended, or analogous provisions of Applicable Law outside the United States. 
  1.5         Business Day    means a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in Boston, Massachusetts or Sweden are closed. 
  1.6         Change of Control    means, with respect to a Party, (i) a merger or consolidation of such Party with a Third Party which results in the voting securities of such Party outstanding immediately prior thereto ceasing to represent at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (ii) a transaction or series of related transactions in which a Third Party, together with its Affiliates, becomes the beneficial owner of fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding securities of such Party, or (iii) the sale or other transfer to a Third Party of all or substantially all of such Party s business to which the subject matter of this Agreement relates. 
  1.7         Clinical Supplies    means supplies of Licensed Product Manufactured by or on behalf of Genocea in compliance with GLP and GMP and meeting the FDA Guidance for Biologies License Applications (BLA), Product License Applications/Establishment License Applications,  
  
   2 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

New Drug Applications, and supplements and amendments to those applications to Center for Biologies Evaluation and Research (CBER) and EMEA guidances, in each case, if required given the intended use, and ready to be used for the conduct of pre-clinical or human clinical trials of such Licensed Product in the Field. 
  1.8         Clinical Trial    means a study in humans that is conducted in accordance with GCP and is designed to generate data in support of an NDA and/or BLA for a Licensed Product.  For illustration purposes solely, any Phase 1 Clinical Trial, Phase 2 Clinical Trial, Phase 3 Clinical Trial or Post-Approval Clinical Trial shall be considered a Clinical Trial hereunder. 
  1.9         Collaboration IP    means (a) any and all ideas, information, Know-How, data research results, writings, inventions, discoveries, modifications, enhancements, derivatives, new uses, developments, techniques, materials, compounds, products, designs, processes or other technology or intellectual property, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, in each case, that is not an Improvement to then-existing Genocea Technology, Isconova Technology or Joint Technology and is developed by either Party, its Affiliates or Third Parties acting on their behalf while performing activities under this Agreement, and (b) all Patent Rights and other intellectual property rights in any of the foregoing. 
  1.10         Combination Product    means any Licensed Product containing another active component so as to be a combination product (whether packaged together or in the same formulation). 
  1.11         Commercial Supplies    means supplies of Licensed Product in final packaged form Manufactured by or on behalf of Genocea in compliance with GMP and meeting FDA Guidance for Biologies License Applications, Product License Applications/Establishment License Applications, New Drug Applications, and supplements and amendments to those applications to Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) and EMEA guidances, in each case, if required given the intended use, and ready to be offered for commercial sale or Commercialized by Genocea and/or its Affiliates or Sublicensees, for use in the Field in the Territory. 
  1.12         Commercialization    means any and all activities using, constituting, importing, marketing, distributing, offering for sale and selling Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory following or in expectation of receipt of Regulatory Approval (but excluding Development) and shall include Promotion as well as activities required to fulfill ongoing regulatory obligations, including adverse event reporting but excluding any Post-Approval Clinical Trials.  When used as a verb,  Commercialize  means to engage in Commercialization. 
  1.13         Commercially Reasonable Efforts    means, with respect to the efforts to be expended by any Party with respect to any objective, those reasonable, diligent, good faith efforts to accomplish such objective as would normally be exerted or employed by a similarly-situated  
  
   3 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

comparable company to accomplish a similar objective under similar circumstances.  With respect to any objective relating to the Development, Manufacture and/or Commercialization of a Licensed Product by any Party,  Commercially Reasonable Efforts  shall mean the carrying out of obligations in a diligent and sustained manner using such effort and employing such resources as would normally be exerted or employed by a similarly-situated comparable company for a product of similar market potential, and at a similar stage of its Development or product life, taking into consideration safety and efficacy, costs, the nature of the Licensed Product, the clinical setting in which it is expected to be used, competitiveness of the marketplace, regulatory environment, the patent or other proprietary position of the Licensed Product, and other conditions then prevailing.  To the extent that the performance of a Party s obligations hereunder is adversely affected by the other Party s failure to perform, in whole or in part, its obligations hereunder, the impact of such Party s failure shall be taken into account in determining whether the other Party has used its Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform any such affected obligations.  Commercially Reasonable Efforts shall be determined on a country-by-country basis. 
  1.14         Confidential Information    means, with respect to each Party, proprietary data or information that belongs in whole or in part to such Party, its Affiliates or Sublicensees, and is disclosed to the other Party, including all Isconova Technology, Genocea Technology and Joint Technology and any information designated as Confidential Information of such Party hereunder.  Confidential Information shall not include (as determined by competent documentation) information that: 
  (a)        was, without any wrongdoing under contract, agreement, or law by the receiving Party, its Affiliates or its Sublicensees, known by the receiving Party or its Affiliates prior to its date of disclosure to the receiving Party; or 
  (b)        either before or after the date of the disclosure to the receiving Party is lawfully disclosed to the receiving Party or its Affiliates by sources (other than the disclosing Party) rightfully in possession of the Confidential Information; or 
  (c)        either before or after the date of the disclosure to the receiving Party or its Affiliates becomes published or generally known to the public (including information known to the public through the sale of products in the ordinary course of business) through no fault or omission on the part of the receiving Party, its Affiliates or its Sublicensees; or 
  (d)        is independently developed by or for the receiving Party or its Affiliates without reference to or reliance upon the Confidential Information. 
  
   4 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

1.1         Contract Quarters    shall mean the three-month periods ending respectively on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each Contract Year. 
  1.2         Contract Year    means each calendar year during the Agreement Term; provided, however, that the first Contract Year shall begin on the Effective Date and end on December 31, 2009.  Each Contract Year shall be divided into four (4) Contract Quarters. 
  1.3         Control    or    Controlled    means with respect to any (a) material, item of information, method, data or other Know-How or (b) Patent Rights or other intellectual property right, the possession (whether by ownership or license, other than pursuant to this Agreement) by a Party or its Affiliates of the ability to grant to the other Party access or a license as provided herein under such item or right, other than as a result of the rights granted hereunder and without, in the case of such rights that are licensed from a Third Party, violating the terms of any agreement or other arrangement with any Third Party existing before or after the Effective Date. 
  1.4         Deliverables    means the information and materials to be delivered by Isconova to Genocea as further described in the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan and the Development and Scale-Up Plan, including Matrix-M for all Clinical Trials. 
  1.5         Development    means all pre-clinical, non-clinical or clinical research or other activities performed by or on behalf of either Party with respect to a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory in an indication, or for the purpose of obtaining Regulatory Approval with respect to such indication, from the Effective Date until Regulatory Approval of such Licensed Product is obtained for the indication being studied including: (a) early pre-clinical testing of a Licensed Product and research regarding the Licensed Adjuvant; (b) toxicology, regulatory affairs, pre- clinical studies and clinical trials in accordance with the GLPs, GCPs and GMPs or other designated quality standards and Applicable Laws; and (c) all Manufacturing activities (until such time as Manufacturing of Commercial Supplies commences) relating to developing the ability to Manufacture Licensed Product, including process and formulation development, process validation, manufacturing scale-up, manufacturing and analytical development, and quality assurance and quality control.  When used as a verb,  Develop  means to engage in Development. 
  1.6         Development and Scale-Up Plan    means the plan describing the development and scale-up activities, responsibilities and timelines to be undertaken by Isconova during the period of the Research Term not covered by the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan, which is attached hereto as   Exhibit C-1   and which may be modified in accordance with the terms of Section 4.2. 
  1.7         Disease    means a disease, disorder or condition in humans. 
  1.8         Disease Fields    means, from time to time, all Exclusive Disease Fields, Time-Limited Exclusive Disease Fields and Non-Exclusive Disease Fields, each being a  Disease Field .  For  
  
   5 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

the avoidance of doubt, a Excluded Time-Limited Exclusive Disease Field shall not be considered a Disease Field hereunder. 
  1.9         Drug Master File    means a Drug Master File filed with the FDA as described in 21 C.F.R.  314.420. 
  1.10         EMEA    means the Regulatory Agency known as either the European Medicines Agency or the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products, or a successor agency with responsibilities comparable to those of the European Medicines Agency or the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products. 
  1.11         Excluded Diseases    means the following diseases: (a) respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), (b) influenza (seasonal and pandemic) and (c) rabies. 
  1.12         Excluded Time-Limited Exclusive Disease Fields    means the following diseases: streptococcus pneumoniae and (b) herpes zoster (shingles). 
  1.13         Exclusive Disease Field    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.1. 
  1.14         Exclusive Field    means (i) the treatment, prevention and/or modulation by use of a vaccine, of the following Diseases: (a) herpes simplex (HSV) and (b) Chlamydia and (ii) any and all research uses and applications related to the Development, Manufacture and Commercialization of Licensed Products for HSV and Chlamydia. 
  1.15         Executive Officers    means the Chief Executive Officer of Genocea (or a designee of such Chief Executive Officer) and the Chief Executive Officer of Isconova (or a designee of such Chief Executive Officer). 
  1.16         FDA    means the United States Food and Drug Administration, or a successor agency in the United States with responsibilities comparable to those of the United States Food and Drug Administration. 
  1.17         Field    means the Exclusive Field, the Time-Limited Exclusive Field, and the NonExclusive Field. 
  1.18         First Commercial Sale    means, with respect to a given Licensed Product in a country in the Territory, the first commercial sale in an arms  length transaction of such Licensed Product to a Third Party by or on behalf of Genocea, its Affiliate or its Sublicensee in such country following receipt of applicable Regulatory Approval of such Licensed Product in such country. 
  1.19         FTE    means the equivalent of one person working full-time for a twelve (12) month period in a research or other relevant capacity, with full-time being defined as at least 1760 hours  
  
   6 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

per year.  In the interests of clarity, a single individual who works more than 1760 hours in a single year shall be treated as one (1) FTE regardless of the number of hours worked.  Any individual who devotes less than 1760 hours per year shall be treated as an FTE on a pro-rata basis, which shall be determined by dividing the actual number of hours worked per year by 1760. 
  1.20         GCP    means the international ethical and scientific quality standards for designing, conducting, recording, and reporting trials that involve the participation of human subjects.  In the United States, GCP shall be based on Good Clinical Practices established through FDA guidances (including ICH E6). 
  1.21         Genocea Antigen    means any antigen (a) owned or otherwise Controlled by Genocea and (b) believed to trigger an immune response causing the production of antibodies and/or cytokine or T-cell responses in humans as a defense against or treatment for a Disease Field. 
  1.22         Genocea Collaboration IP    means any and all Collaboration IP created, conceived or reduced to practice, and, in the case of patentable Collaboration IP, Invented, (a) solely by either Party, its Affiliates or Third Parties acting on its behalf or (b) jointly by the Parties, their respective Affiliates or by Third Parties acting on their behalf, which relates in any way to (a) a Genocea Antigen or (b) the development or use of antigens in the formulation of vaccine products; provided, however, that Genocea Collaboration IP shall not include any Collaboration IP that is Isconova Collaboration IP. 
  1.23         Genocea Improvements    means any and all Improvements to the Genocea Technology created, conceived or reduced to practice, and, in the case of patentable Improvements, Invented, (i)    solely by either Party, its respective Affiliates, or by Third Parties acting on its behalf, while performing activities under this Agreement or (ii) jointly by the Parties, their respective Affiliates, agents or by Third Parties acting on their behalf, while performing activities under this Agreement; provided, however, that Genocea Improvements shall not include any Improvement that is an Isconova Improvement or Joint Improvement. 
  1.24         Genocea Know-How    means any Know-How (other than Genocea Improvements and Genocea Collaboration IP) that is either Controlled by Genocea on the Effective Date or comes within Genocea s Control during the Agreement Term that at any time during the Agreement Term is necessary or useful for, or otherwise related to, the exploitation of the Genocea Antigen or Licensed Product in the Field, including the Development, Manufacturing or Commercialization of such Licensed Product in the Field. 
  1.25         Genocea Patent Rights    means (a) any Patent Rights Controlled by Genocea or any of its Affiliates that cover a Genocea Antigen; (b) any Patent Rights resulting from Genocea Improvements or Genocea Collaboration IP and (c) any other patents or patent applications  
  
   7 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Controlled by Genocea as of the Effective Date or during the Agreement Term, that are necessary or useful for, or otherwise related to, the exploitation of the Genocea Antigen or Licensed Product in the Field, including the Development, Manufacturing or Commercialization of such Licensed Product in the Field. 
  1.26         Genocea Technology    means Genocea Patent Rights, Genocea Know-How, Genocea Improvements, and Genocea Collaboration IP. 
  1.27         GLP    means the current Good Laboratory Practice (or similar standards) for the performance of laboratory activities for pharmaceutical products as are required by applicable Regulatory Authorities.  In the United States, Good Laboratory Practices are established through FDA regulations (including 21 CFR Part 58), FDA guidances, FDA current review and inspection standards and current industry standards. 
  1.28         GMP    means current Good Manufacturing Practices.  In the United States, GMP shall be as defined under the rules and regulations of the FDA, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
  1.29         Improvements    means (a) any and all ideas, information, Know-How, data research results, writings, inventions, discoveries, modifications, enhancements, derivatives, new uses, developments, techniques, materials, compounds, products, designs, processes or other technology or intellectual property, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, in each case, that is an improvement or modification to then-existing Isconova Technology, Genocea Technology, or Joint Technology and is developed by, solely or jointly, either Party, its Affiliates or Third Parties acting on their behalf while performing activities under this Agreement, and (b) all Patent Rights and other intellectual property rights in any of the foregoing. 
  1.30         IND    means an Investigational New Drug Application, as defined in the Food Drug   Cosmetics Act, or similar application or submission that is required to be filed with any Regulatory Authority before beginning clinical testing of a Licensed Product in human subjects. 
  1.31         Invented    means the act of invention by inventors, as determined in accordance with U.S. patent laws. 
  1.32         Isconova Collaboration IP    means any and all Collaboration IP created, conceived or reduced to practice, and, in the case of patentable Collaboration IP, Invented, (a) solely by either Party, its Affiliates or Third Parties acting on its behalf or (b) jointly by the Parties, their respective Affiliates, or by Third Parties acting on their behalf which relates in any way to (a) the Licensed Adjuvant or (b) the development or use of adjuvants in the formulation of vaccine products; provided, however, that Isconova Collaboration IP shall not include any Collaboration IP that is Genocea Collaboration IP. 
  
   8 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

1.33         Isconova Improvements    means any and all Improvements to the Isconova Technology created, conceived or reduced to practice, and, in the case of patentable Improvements, Invented, either (i) solely by either Party, their respective Affiliates, agents or by Third Parties acting on their behalf, while performing activities under this Agreement or (ii) jointly by the Parties, their respective Affiliates, agents or by Third Parties acting on their behalf, while performing activities under this Agreement; provided, however, that Isconova Improvements shall not include any Improvement that is an Genocea Improvement or Joint Improvement. 
  1.34         Isconova Know-How    means Know-How (other than Isconova Improvements and Isconova Collaboration IP) that is either Controlled by Isconova on the Effective Date or comes within Isconova s Control during the Agreement Term that at any time during the Agreement Term is necessary or useful for, or otherwise related to, the exploitation of the Licensed Adjuvant or Licensed Product in the Field, including the Development, Manufacturing or Commercialization of such Licensed Product in the Field. 
  1.35         Isconova Patent Rights    means (a) the Patent Rights listed in   Exhibit A  ; (b) any Patent Rights Controlled by Isconova or any of its Affiliates that cover the Licensed Adjuvant; (c) any Patent Rights resulting from Isconova Improvements or Isconova Collaboration IP and (d) any other patents or patent applications Controlled by Isconova as of the Effective Date or during the Agreement Term, other than the Isconova Patent Rights, that is necessary or useful for, or otherwise related to, the exploitation of the Licensed Adjuvant or Licensed Product in the Field, including the Development, Manufacturing or Commercialization of such Licensed Product in the Field. 
  1.36         Isconova Technology    means Isconova Know-How, Isconova Patent Rights, Isconova Improvements, and Isconova Collaboration IP. 
  1.37         Joint Collaboration IP    means any and all Collaboration IP created, conceived or reduced to practice, and, in the case of patentable Collaboration IP, Invented, jointly by Isconova and Genocea, their respective Affiliates, agents or by Third Parties acting on their behalf, while performing activities under this Agreement; provided, however, that Joint Collaboration IP shall not include any Collaboration IP that is Isconova Collaboration IP or Genocea Collaboration IP. 
  1.38         Joint Improvements    means any and all Improvements to the Joint Technology created, conceived or reduced to practice, and, in the case of patentable Improvements, Invented, (a) jointly by Isconova and Genocea, their respective Affiliates, agents or Sublicensees or by Third Parties acting on their behalf, while performing activities under this Agreement or (b) solely by either Party, its Affiliates, or by Third Parties acting on their behalf while performing activities under this Agreement; provided, however, that Joint Improvements shall not include any Improvement that is a Genocea Improvement or Isconova Improvement. 
  
   9 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

1.39         Joint Patent Rights    means any Patent Rights resulting from any Joint Improvements or Joint Collaboration IP. 
  1.40         Joint Technology    means Joint Improvements, Joint Patent Rights, and Joint Collaboration IP. 
  1.41         Know-How    means any non-public, proprietary invention, discovery, process, method, composition, formula, procedure, protocol, technique, result of experimentation or testing, information, data, material, technology or other know-how, whether or not patentable or copyrightable.  Know-How shall not include any Patent Rights with respect thereto. 
  1.42         Legitimate Business Reasons    has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.1.2(a)  . 
  1.43         Licensed Adjuvant    means an adjuvant Controlled by Isconova which incorporates or is developed from Matrix-A, Matrix-C and/or Matrix-M technology. 
  1.44         Licensed Know-How    means all Isconova Know-How and all of Isconova s rights in the Joint Collaboration IP. 
  1.45         Licensed Patent Right    means all Isconova Patent Rights and all of Isconova s rights in the Joint Collaboration IP. 
  1.46         Licensed Product    means any vaccine product containing both the Licensed Adjuvant and one or more Genocea Antigens; provided, however a Licensed Product may include a combination vaccine product for two or more Disease Fields but not a combination vaccine product for a Disease Field and a field that is not a Disease Field. 
  1.47         Licensed Technology    means all Isconova Technology and all of Isconova s rights in any Joint Technology. 
  1.48         Major Market Territory    means each of (a) the United States, (b) any of the following countries: United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain and Italy and (c) Japan. 
  1.49         Manufacturing    means, as applicable, all activities associated with the production, manufacture, processing, filling, finishing, packaging, labeling, shipping, and storage of Licensed Products, including process and formulation development, process validation, stability testing, manufacturing scale-up, pre-clinical, clinical and commercial manufacture and analytical development, product characterization, quality assurance and quality control, whether such activities are conducted by a Party, its Affiliates or a Third Party contractor of such Party.  When used as a verb,  Manufacture  means to engage in Manufacturing. 
  
   10 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

1.50         Matrix-A    means a component of the Matrix M adjuvant that is produced by mixing together HPLC-purified fraction A from Quillaja saponin bark, cholesterol and phosphatidyl choline to form Iscom particles. 
  1.51         Matrix-C    means a component of the Matrix M adjuvant that is produced by mixing together HPLC-purified fraction C from Quillaja saponin bark, cholesterol and phosphatidyl choline to form Iscom particles. 
  1.52         Matrix-M    means a suspension of Matrix A and Matrix C particles that are combined in varying ratios of Matrix A to Matrix C. 
  1.53           Net Sales    means the gross amount invoiced for any sale of any Licensed Product sold by Genocea, and its respective Affiliates and Sublicensees, to Third Parties anywhere within the Territory, less the following deductions, in each case to the extent specifically related to the Licensed Product and taken by, or otherwise paid for or accrued by, the seller of the Licensed Product: (a) trade, cash, promotional and quantity discounts and wholesaler fees; (b) taxes on sales (such as excise, sales or use taxes or value added taxes) to the extent imposed upon and paid directly with respect to the sales price (and excluding national, sales or local taxes based on income); (c) freight, insurance, packing costs and other transportation charges to the extent included in the invoice price to the buyer of the Licensed Products; (d) amounts repaid or credits taken by reason of damaged goods, rejections, defects, expired dating, recalls or returns or because of retroactive price reductions; (e) charge back payments and rebates granted to (i) managed healthcare organizations, (ii) federal, state or provincial or local governments or other agencies, (iii) purchasers and reimbursers or (iv) trade customers, including wholesalers and chain and pharmacy buying groups; and (v) documented custom duties actually paid by the seller of the Licensed Product.  The transfer of Licensed Products between or among Genocea, Isconova and their Affiliates and Sublicensees shall be excluded from the computation of Net Sales. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event a Licensed Product is [* * *], Net Sales shall be [* * *], where [* * *]. 
  1.54         New Drug Application    or    NDA    means a New Drug Application filed with the FDA as described in 21 C.F.R.   314, a Biological License Application (BLA) pursuant to 21 C.F.R.   601.2, or any equivalent or any corresponding application for Regulatory Approval (not including pricing and reimbursement approval) in any country or regulatory jurisdiction other than the United States. 
  1.55         Non-Exclusive Field    means (i) the treatment, prevention and/or modulation by use of a vaccine, of up to five (5) Diseases (each Disease which, from time to time, is in the NonExclusive Field pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, a  Non-Exclusive Disease Field )  
  
   11 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

and (ii) any and all research uses and applications related to the Development, Manufacture and Commercialization of Licensed Products for such Diseases. 
  1.56         Non-Exclusive Disease Field    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 1.69  . 
  1.57         Non-Prosecuting Party    means, with respect to a particular Patent Right, the Party which is not the Prosecuting Party. 
  1.58         Patent Procurement Costs    means the fees and expenses paid by the Parties or their Affiliates to outside legal counsel and experts, and Prosecuting fees, incurred after the Effective Date, in connection with the Prosecution of Isconova Patent Rights, Joint Patent Rights and Genocea Patent Rights, including the costs of patent interference, reexamination, reissue, opposition and revocation proceedings. 
  1.59         Patent Rights    means all patents (including all reissues, extensions, substitutions, confirmations, re-registrations, re-examinations, invalidations, supplementary protection certificates, and patents of addition) and patent applications (including all provisional applications, continuations, continuations-in-part, and divisions), in each case, anywhere in the world. 
  1.60         Phase 1 Clinical Trial    means a study of a Licensed Product in human subjects or patients, with the endpoint of determining initial tolerance, safety and/or pharmacokinetic information, including immunogenicity endpoints in single dose, single ascending dose, multiple dose and/or multiple ascending dose regimens.  A Phase 1 Clinical Trial shall be deemed initiated hereunder upon the dosing of the first human subject 
  1.61         Phase 2 Clinical Trial    means a study of a Licensed Product in human patients to determine initial efficacy and to perform dose range finding before embarking on a Phase 3 Clinical Trial.  A Phase 2 Clinical Trial shall be deemed initiated hereunder upon the dosing of the first human subject. 
  1.62         Phase 3 Clinical Trial    means a pivotal study in human patients with a defined dose or a set of defined doses of a Licensed Product performed to gain evidence with statistical significance of the efficacy of such product in a target population, and to obtain expanded evidence of safety for such product that is needed to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of such product, to form the basis for approval of an NDA by a Regulatory Authority and to provide an adequate basis for physician labeling, as described in 21 C.F.R. 312.21 (c), as amended from time to time, or the corresponding regulation in jurisdictions other than the United States.  A Phase 3 Clinical Trial shall be deemed initiated hereunder upon the dosing of the first human subject. 
  
   12 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

1.63         Post-Approval Clinical Trial    means (i) any Clinical Trial conducted to satisfy a requirement of a Regulatory Authority in order to maintain a Regulatory Approval and (ii) any Clinical Trial conducted after the first Regulatory Approval in the same indication for which the Licensed Product received Regulatory Approval in the Territory. 
  1.64         Pre-Clinical Data    means all data stemming from research and development activities related to a Licensed Product conducted prior to the commencement of a Clinical Trial relating to such Licensed Product. 
  1.65         Product Trademarks    means the trademarks, service marks, accompanying logos, trade dress and indicia of origin used in connection with the distribution, marketing, Promotion and sale of each Licensed Product in the Territory.  For purposes of clarity, the term Product Trademarks shall not include the corporate names and logos of either Party and shall include any internet domain names incorporating such Product Trademarks. 
  1.66         Promotion    means those activities, including detailing normally undertaken by a Party s sales force to implement marketing plans and strategies, aimed at encouraging the appropriate use of a particular Licensed Product in a specific indication.  When used as a verb,  Promote  means to engage in Promotion. 
  1.67         Prosecuting Party    means, with respect to a particular Patent Right, the Party having primary responsibility for and control over Prosecuting such Patent Right, pursuant to   Section 7.1.1(a)  . 
  1.68         Regulatory Approval    means the approval necessary for the commercial manufacture, distribution, marketing, Promotion, offer for sale, use, import, export, and sale of a Licensed Product in a regulatory jurisdiction, excluding, where required, separate pricing and reimbursement approvals. 
  1.69         Regulatory Authority    means any applicable supranational, national, regional, state or local regulatory agency, department, bureau, commission, counsel, or other government entity involved in granting of Regulatory Approval for a Licensed Product in a regulatory jurisdiction within the Territory, including the FDA and the EMEA. 
  1.70         Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan    means the plan describing the activities, responsibilities, deliverables and timelines to be undertaken by the Parties during the period of the Research Term that includes preclinical activities and all other activities up to the initiation of the Phase 1 Clinical Trial, which is attached hereto as   Exhibit B  , and which may be modified in accordance with the terms of   Section 4.3  . 
  1.71         Research Term    means the period of time beginning on the Effective Date and continuing until the earlier of: (a) delivery of the Deliverables and (b) Genocea s notification to  
  
   13 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Isconova that no further activities will take place under the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan and the Development and Scale-Up Plan. 
  1.72         Royalty Term    means, on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country-by- country basis, the period of time beginning on the date of First Commercial Sale of a Licensed Product in a particular country and ending on the later of: (a) ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of such Licensed Product in such country and (b) the date on which the offering for sale, selling, making, having made, using or importing such Licensed Product is no longer covered by a Valid Claim of a Licensed Patent Right (including any Joint Patent Rights included in the Licensed Patent Rights) in such country. 
  1.73         Scientist FTE Rate    means USD$[* * *] per FTE per Contract Year; provided that if the Contract Year is less than twelve months, the FTE Rate shall be pro-rated appropriately to reflect the shorter Contract Year.  Scientist FTE Rate shall be applied to services provided by scientific staff who are not senior scientists, as described in   Section 1.88  . 
  1.74         Senior Scientist FTE Rate    means USD$[* * *] per FTE per Contract Year; provided that if the Contract Year is less than twelve months, the FTE Rate shall be pro-rated appropriately to reflect the shorter Contract Year.  Senior scientist rate shall be applied to services provided by staff with associate professor level of academic level (Sw.   Docent  ) or corresponding. 
  1.75         Sublicensee    means a sublicensee of all or part of the rights licensed to a Party under and in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 
  1.76         Territory    means all the countries of the world. 
  1.77         Third Party    means any person or entity other than a Party or any of its Affiliates, 
  1.78         Time-Limited Exclusive Field    means (i) the treatment, prevention and/or modulation by use of a vaccine, of up to three (3) Diseases (each Disease which, from time to time, is in the Time-Limited Exclusive Field pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, a  Time-Limited Exclusive Disease Field ) and (ii) any and all research uses and applications related to the Development, Manufacture and Commercialization of Licensed Products for such Diseases. 
  1.79         Time-Limited Exclusive Field Date    has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.1.2(a)  . 
  1.80         Time-Limited Exclusive Disease Field    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 1.92  . 
  1.81         U.S. GAAP    means    generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
  
   14 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

1.82         Valid Claim    means a claim or pending claim of a Patent Right, which claim or pending claim has not been revoked or held unenforceable, unpatentable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, which is not appealable or has not been appealed within the time allowed for appeal, and which has not been abandoned, disclaimed, denied or admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through reissue, re-examination or disclaimer or other final, irrevocable action, unless Genocea has been directly involved in any such action and   provided     that  , on a country-by-country basis, a claim pending for more than eight (8) years shall not be considered to be a Valid Claim for purposes of this Agreement unless and until such a claim issues, at which time such claim shall become a Valid Claim, effective as of the patent s date of issue. 
  1.83        Additional Definitions.    The following terms have the meanings set forth in the corresponding Sections of this Agreement: 

15 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

ARTICLE 2          SELECTION AND EXCHANGE OF DISEASE FIELDS IN THE FIELDS 
  2.1        Selection of Disease Fields  .   
  2.1.1.        Selection of Exclusive Disease Fields.    The Exclusive Disease Fields shall be: (1) herpes simplex virus (HSV) and (2) Chlamydia.  For clarity, Genocea may not exchange these Exclusive Disease Fields unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties in writing. 
  2.1.2.        Selection of Time-Limited Exclusive Fields.    Until twelve (12) months after the Effective Date, Genocea shall have the right, at any time, to appoint up to three (3) Time-  
  
   16 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Limited Exclusive Disease Fields (each such additional field as they may be exchanged pursuant to the terms hereof, an    Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field    and collectively, the    Time-Limited Exclusive Option Fields   ) subject to compliance with the procedure in   Section 2.1.2(a)   of this Agreement.  This notwithstanding, Genocea shall use reasonable efforts to appoint the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Fields by December 31, 2009.  At no time during the Agreement Term shall there be more than three (3) Time-Limited Exclusive Option Fields unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties in writing. 
  (a)        Procedures for Selection of Time-Limited Exclusive Option Fields  .  Prior to the designation of any Disease as a Time-Limited Exclusive Field hereunder, Genocea shall deliver a written notice to Isconova stating the Disease (the    Time- Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate   ) that Genocea has chosen to designate as a Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field (the    Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Selection Request   ).  Within twenty (20) Business Days of Isconova s receipt of a Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Selection Request, Isconova shall notify Genocea if the said Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate is not available to license to Genocea for Legitimate Business Reasons, as defined in the next sentence, which notice shall describe the Legitimate Business Reason that such Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate is not available.  The Parties agree that Isconova shall be entitled to deny a Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate only under the following circumstances: (i) if Isconova had already granted to a Third Party a license under the Licensed Technology for the development or commercialization of a vaccine product for the prevention, treatment or modulation in humans of the Disease set forth in the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Selection Request; (ii) if Isconova has agreed with a Third Party on the material terms for the grant of a license described in clause (i); or (iii) if Isconova has commenced bona fide practical and demonstrable development work using the Licensed Technology for such Disease against a written development plan or other documentation for such purpose (the foregoing, collectively, the    Legitimate Business Reasons   ).  Genocea acknowledges that Isconova may be under duty of confidentiality not to disclose the identity of such Third Party. 
  Upon ten (10) Business Days  prior written notice by Genocea, Isconova shall permit an independent auditor appointed by Genocea, at Genocea s expense, to have access during normal business hours and no more than once a year to such records as may be reasonably necessary to verify Isconova s determination that Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate is not available for a Legitimate Business Reason.  The auditor shall execute a non-disclosure agreement with  
  
   17 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Isconova s to treat all information it receives during its inspection in confidence.  The auditor shall disclose to Genocea only whether Isconova had a Legitimate Business Reason to refuse to accept the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate.  No other information shall be shared by the auditor without the prior consent of Isconova unless disclosure is required by law. 
  If Isconova notifies Genocea within such 20-Business Day period that the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate is not available, the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Selection Request shall be deemed rightfully denied by Isconova (subject to Genocea s right to have such determination audited in accordance with the preceding paragraph), and the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate will not become a Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field.  If any Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Selection Request is rightfully denied by Isconova, Genocea shall have the right to nominate any other Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate.  If Isconova either (i) does not respond to a Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Selection Request within twenty (20) Business Days of receipt or (ii) notifies Genocea that there is not a Legitimate Business Reason to deny the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate, the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate referenced in the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Selection Request shall automatically become designated as a Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field (and therefore, a Time-Limited Exclusive Disease Field) under this Agreement as of the earlier of: (i) the date Genocea receives such notice from Isconova or (ii) twenty (20) Business Days after Isconova s receipt of the Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Selection Request (the    Time-Limited Exclusive Field Date   ). 
  2.1.3.        Selection of Non-Exclusive Fields   Until twenty-four (24) months after the Effective Date, Genocea shall have the right, at any time, to appoint up to five (5) NonExclusive Disease Fields (each such additional field as they may be exchanged pursuant to the terms hereof, an    Non-Exclusive Option Field    and collectively, the    NonExclusive Option Fields   ) subject to compliance with the procedure in   Section 2.1.3(a)   of this Agreement.  At no time during the Agreement Term shall there be more than five (5) Non-Exclusive Option Fields unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties in writing. 
  (a)        Procedures for Selection of Non-Exclusive Option Fields  .  Prior to the designation of any Disease as a Non-Exclusive Option Field hereunder, Genocea shall deliver a written notice to Isconova stating the Disease (the    Non-Exclusive Option Field Candidate   ) that Genocea has chosen to designate as an Option Field (the    Non-Exclusive Option Field Selection Request   ).  Within twenty (20) Business Days of Isconova s receipt of an Non-Exclusive Option Field  
  
   18 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Selection Request, Isconova shall notify Genocea if Isconova, at the time of Isconova s receipt of such request, (i) Isconova had already granted to a Third Party an exclusive license under the Licensed Technology for the development or commercialization of a vaccine product for the prevention, treatment or modulation in humans of the Disease set forth in the Non-Exclusive Field Option Field Selection Request or (ii) Isconova has agreed with a Third Party on the material terms for the grant of a license described in clause (i).  Genocea acknowledges that Isconova may be under duty of confidentiality not to disclose the identity of such Third Party. 
  If Isconova notifies Genocea within such time period that the events in either clause (i) or (ii) of this Section apply, the Non-Exclusive Option Field Selection Request shall be deemed rightfully denied by Isconova and the Non-Exclusive Option Field Candidate will not become a Non-Exclusive Option Field.  If any Non-Exclusive Option Field Selection Request is rightfully denied by Isconova, Genocea shall have the right to nominate any other Non-Exclusive Option Field Candidate.  For the avoidance of doubt, Isconova can only deny a Non-Exclusive Option Field Selection Request if the events in either clause (i) or (ii) of this Section apply.  If Isconova either (i) does not respond to a Non-Exclusive Option Field Selection Request within twenty (20) Business Days of receipt or (ii) notifies Genocea that the events set forth in clause (i) or (ii) of   Section 2.1.3(a)   do not apply, the Non-Exclusive Option Field Candidate referenced in the NonExclusive Option Field Selection Request shall automatically become designated as a Non-Exclusive Option Field (and therefore, a Non-Exclusive Disease Field) under this Agreement as of the earlier of: (i) the date Genocea receives such notice from Isconova or (ii) twenty (20) Business Days after Isconova s receipt of the Non-Exclusive Option Field Selection Request. 
  2.2        Exchange of Time-Limited Exclusive Option Fields and Non-Exclusive Option Fields  . 
  2.2.1.        Exchange of Time-Limited Exclusive Option Fields  .  Until the earlier of: (a) twenty-four (24) months following the Effective Date and (b) the date on which three (3) Exchange Field Candidates have been accepted as Time-Limited Exclusive Fields (and therefore, Time-Limited Exclusive Disease Fields) by Isconova pursuant to   Section 2.2.3  , Genocea shall have the right to replace the Disease underlying one or more of the Time- Limited Exclusive Fields with another Disease subject to compliance with the procedure in   Section 2.2.3   of this Agreement. 
  2.2.2.        Exchange of Non-Exclusive Option Fields  .  Until the earlier of: (a) twenty-four (24)    months following the Effective Date and (b) the date on which five (5) Exchange  
  
   19 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Field Candidates have been accepted as Non-Exclusive Option Fields (and therefore, Non-Exclusive Disease Fields) by Isconova pursuant to   Section 2.2.3  .  Genocea shall have the right to replace the Disease underlying one or more of the Non-Exclusive Option Fields for another Disease subject to compliance with the procedure in   Section 2.2.3   of this Agreement. 
  2.2.3.        Procedures for Exchange of Disease Field  .  Prior to the replacement of any Time- Limited Exclusive Disease Field or Non-Exclusive Disease Field pursuant to   Section 2.2.1   or   Section 2.2.2  ,  Genocea shall deliver a written notice to Isconova stating the Disease (the    Exchange Field Candidate   ) with which Genocea would like to replace a Disease that, at the time, then underlies a Time-Limited Exclusive Disease Field or NonExclusive Disease Field, as the case may be, (   Disease Field Exchange Request   ).  Following a Disease Field Exchange Request, the procedures for selecting Time-Limited Exclusive Option Fields in   Section 2.1.2(a)   and Non-Exclusive Option Fields in   Section 2.1.3(a)  , as the case may be, will apply with necessary changes (  mutatis mutandis  ).  For this purpose, such provisions shall be applied by treating all references in such sections to the  Time-Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidate  and the  Non-Exclusive Option Field Candidate , respectively, as though they were references to the Exchange Field Candidate referenced in the Disease Field Exchange Request. 
  2.2.4.        Effects of Exchange  .  In the event that Genocea exchanges a Time-Limited Exclusive Field or Non-Exclusive Field as set out above, all licenses granted to Genocea under this Agreement with respect to the replaced Time-Limited Exclusive Field or NonExclusive Field, as the case may be, shall terminate. 
  2.3        Excluded Disease Fields  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, Genocea agrees and acknowledges (i) that the prevention, treatment or modulation in humans of the Excluded Diseases are fully reserved for Isconova, and shall not be available to Genocea as Time-Limited Exclusive Disease Fields or Non-Exclusive Option Disease Fields, and (ii) that the prevention, treatment or modulation in humans of the Excluded Time-Limited Exclusive Field Diseases are partly reserved for Isconova, and shall only be available to Genocea as NonExclusive Option Disease Fields. 
  ARTICLE 3          LICENSES, RELATED GRANTS OF RIGHTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP 
  3.1        Grants of Rights to Genocea  . 
  3.1.1.        Exclusive License  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Isconova hereby grants to Genocea and its Affiliates during the Agreement Term an  
  
   20 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

exclusive (even with respect to Isconova), royalty-bearing license, with the right to grant sublicenses pursuant to     Section 3.1.5     below, under the Licensed Technology to import, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and otherwise exploit Licensed Products in the Exclusive Field in the Territory and otherwise exploit the Licensed Know-How in connection therewith.  For avoidance of doubt, (i) such license includes the right to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize Licensed Products in the Exclusive Field in the Territory and shall not grant Genocea the right to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Licensed Adjuvants other than as part of a Licensed Product, (ii) Genocea may Develop and Manufacture Licensed Adjuvants to the extent necessary to Develop or Manufacture Licensed Products, and (iii) Genocea may Commercialize Licensed Adjuvants forming part of a Licensed Product;   however  , Genocea may in no event transfer or otherwise make available any Licensed Adjuvants on a stand alone basis other than to Sublicensees.  This notwithstanding, Genocea shall have the right to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Licensed Adjuvant as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the Supply and Manufacturing Agreement and any other written agreement entered into by the Parties. 
  3.1.2.        Time-Limited Exclusive License  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Isconova hereby grants to Genocea and its Affiliates during the Agreement Term an exclusive (even with respect to Isconova), limited in time (as set forth below), royalty-bearing license, with the right to grant sublicenses pursuant to   Section 3.1.5     below, under the Licensed Technology to import, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and otherwise exploit Licensed Products in the Time-Limited Exclusive Field in the Territory and otherwise exploit the Licensed Know-How in connection therewith.  This license shall be exclusive, on a Time-Limited Exclusive Field by Time-Limited Exclusive Field basis, until the [* * *] anniversary of the Time-Limited Exclusive Field Date for such Time-Limited Exclusive Field (including any Time-Limited Exclusive Field exchanged for any Time-Limited Exclusive Field pursuant to   Section 2.2.3  ;   provided  , however that any such exchange will not prolong the [* * *] exclusivity period, i.e. the [* * *] period will run from the applicable Time-Exclusive Field Date regardless of any exchange within that Time-Limited Exclusive Field), after which this license shall automatically become   non-exclusive  ,   provided  ,   however  , that with respect to the Joint Technology which comprises part of the Licensed Technology hereunder, the grant of rights to Genocea and its Affiliates by Isconova shall continue to be exclusive (even with respect to Isconova) in the Time-Limited Exclusive Field in the Territory.  During this [* * *] exclusivity period, Isconova further undertakes not to license to a Third Party nor for any Third Party s benefit engage in the research or development of any Licensed Products within the Time-Limited Exclusive Field. 
  
   21 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

3.1.3.        Non-Exclusive License  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Isconova hereby grants to Genocea and its Affiliates during the Agreement Term a nonexclusive, royalty-bearing license, with the right to grant sublicenses pursuant to   Section 3.1.5   below, under the Licensed Technology to import, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and otherwise exploit Licensed Products in the Non-Exclusive Field in the Territory and otherwise exploit the Licensed Know-How in connection therewith;   provided  ,   however  , that with respect to the Joint Technology which comprises part of the Licensed Technology hereunder, the grant of rights to Genocea and its Affiliates by Isconova shall be exclusive (even with respect to Isconova) in the Non-Exclusive Field in the Territory. 
  3.1.4.        Limited Right to use Isconova s Trademarks  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Isconova hereby grants to Genocea and its Affiliates during the Agreement Term the non-exclusive, sublicenseable and non-transferable right to use Isconova s trademark(s) for the Licensed Adjuvants, as applicable from time to time (the    Trademarks   ) in connection with the Manufacture and Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory,   provided  ,   however  , (a) that such use shall be in accordance with Isconova s branding and trademark policy as applicable from time to time as long as such policy has been provided by Isconova to Genocea, and (b) that Genocea may only sublicense its rights to the Trademarks to those parties to whom it sublicenses the license granted in   Section 3.1.1  .  Other than Genocea s limited right to use the Trademarks as set forth in this   Section 3.1.4  , nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a grant, assignment or transfer of any Trademarks or any of the intellectual property rights therein or relating thereto. 
  3.1.5.        Sublicenses  .  Genocea shall have the right to sublicense the rights granted by Isconova to Genocea in   Sections 3.1.1   through   3.1.3  :   provided     that  , unless Genocea obtains Isconova s prior written consent, Genocea shall only be able to sublicense such rights to (i) one (1) Third Party in each country in the Territory and (ii) those Third Parties who are engaged for the distribution of Licensed Products on behalf of Genocea, including but not limited to wholesalers, retailers and distributors of Licensed Products.  For the avoidance of doubt, a Third Party Sublicensee who is granted a sublicense by Genocea under this   Section 3.1.5   shall not be able to sub-sublicense their sublicensed rights to any Third Party other than those Third Parties who are engaged for the distribution of Licensed Products by the Third Party Sublicensee (including but not limited to wholesalers, retailers and distributors of Licensed Products) without Isconova s prior written consent.  Each sublicense granted by Genocea pursuant to this   Section 3.1.5   shall be subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and shall contain terms and conditions consistent with those in this Agreement, including confidentiality and indemnity obligations comparable to those set forth herein.  Genocea shall cause any Sublicensee to execute an Isconova Commercial Partner Agreement, in  
  
   22 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

the form attached hereto as   Exhibit E  .  Genocea remains primarily responsible for the performance of its Sublicensees under this Agreement.  If this Agreement terminates for any reason, any Sublicensee of Genocea that is then not in default shall, from the effective date of such termination, automatically become a direct licensee of Isconova with respect to and on the same terms as the rights originally sublicensed to the Sublicensee by Genocea, and Isconova agrees that it shall confirm the foregoing in writing at the request and for the benefit of the Sublicensee, as further set forth in the Isconova Commercial Partner Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances shall Isconova have obligations to any Sublicensee that are greater than those owed to Genocea hereunder as a result of the preceding sentence. 
  (a)        Supply Agreements and Related Arrangements with Sublicensees  .  At Genocea s request, Isconova shall enter into a supply and manufacturing agreement with any Sublicensee of Genocea under which Isconova will manufacture and supply Licensed Adjuvants directly to such Sublicensee on the same terms as those set forth in this Agreement and the Supply and Manufacturing Agreement.  In addition, Isconova shall, at Genocea s election, deliver Licensed Adjuvants manufactured hereunder or under the Supply and Manufacturing Agreement to Genocea or a Sublicensee of Genocea. 
  3.1.6.        Right to Reference  .  Isconova hereby grants to Genocea a  Right to Reference,  as that term is defined in 21 C.F.R.   314.3(b), to any data Controlled by Isconova or its Affiliates that relates to the Isconova Technology or to any Licensed Product, and Isconova shall provide a signed statement to this effect, if requested by Genocea, in accordance with 21 C.F.R.   314.50(g)(3). 
  3.2        Grant of Rights to Data to Isconova 
  3.2.1.        Pre-Clinical and Clinical Data  .  Genocea hereby grants Isconova a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual limited license to Pre-Clinical Data and Clinical Trial Data solely for, and limited to, the use by Isconova of such Pre-Clinical Data and Clinical Trial Data for (i) its own internal research purposes, (ii) marketing and publishing purposes and (iii) to engage in fundraising activities with private or governmental investors, funders or grantors who have entered into confidentiality agreements no less restrictive than the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement;   provided  ,   however   that Isconova can only use Pre-Clinical Data and Clinical Trial Data pursuant to clause (ii) of this   Section 3.2.1   if, prior to each use of such data, Isconova presents its intended use of the Pre-Clinical Data and/or Clinical Trial Data to Genocea and receives Genocea s written consent for such specific marketing and/or publishing use. Such written consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
  
   23 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

3.2.2.        Adjuvant Data  .  For the avoidance of doubt, Isconova shall be free to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize adjuvant products, designs or processes or analytical procedures and related data arising from the Development activities performed under this Agreement;   provided     that   notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, activities conducted by Isconova under this   Section 3.2.2   are subject to the licenses granted to Genocea in   Section 3.1.1   above and subject to the confidentiality provisions set forth in   ARTICLE 8   herein. 
  3.2.3.        Adjuvant Data in Combination with Antigen Data  .  Subject to Genocea s prior written consent, which is not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, Isconova shall have the right to include data which both (i) arises from Development activities performed under this Agreement and (ii) relates to the Licensed Adjuvant in any Drug Master File Isconova may file with either the FDA or other Regulatory Authorities;   provided  ,   however  , that in no event shall the data included in a Drug Master File pursuant to this   Section 3.2.3   include identifying characteristics of any Genocea Antigens and that, furthermore, Genocea shall have the right to review such filings prior to their submission and redact any antigen-related information from the data prior to its disclosure to Isconova under this   Section 3.2.3  . 
  3.3        Ownership of and Rights to Intellectual Property  . 
  3.3.1.        Ownership of Improvements/Collaboration IP  .  Each Party agrees promptly to disclose to the other Party all Improvements and all Collaboration IP made by or under authority of such Party under this Agreement.  As between the Parties, (a) title to all Genocea Improvements and Genocea Collaboration IP shall be owned by Genocea, (b) title to all Isconova Improvements and Isconova Collaboration IP shall be owned by Isconova, and (c) title to all Joint Improvements and Joint Collaboration IP shall be jointly owned by Genocea and Isconova. 
  (a)        Reciprocal Assignment of Rights  .  Isconova hereby assigns, and Isconova shall cause its employees, consultants, and agents to assign, its right, title, and interest in and to all Genocea Improvements to Genocea.  Genocea hereby assigns, and Genocea shall cause its employees, consultants, and agents to assign, its right, title, and interest in and to all Isconova Improvements to Isconova. 
  (b)        Further Assurances  .  Each Party shall, at its own expense, take such actions and execute such document as may be necessary to carry out the effects of this   Section 3.3.1  . 
  3.3.2.        Joint Improvements/Collaboration IP  .  Subject to the rights herein, each Party shall have the right to practice and exploit Joint Improvements and Joint Collaboration IP,  
  
   24 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

without any obligation to account to the other for profits, or to obtain any approval of the other Party to license, assign or otherwise exploit Joint Improvements and Joint Collaboration IP, by reason of joint ownership thereof, and each Party hereby waives any right it may have under the laws of any jurisdiction to require any such approval or accounting; and to the extent there are any Applicable Laws that prohibit such a waiver, each Party will be deemed to so consent.  Each Party agrees to be named as a party, if necessary, to bring or maintain a lawsuit involving a Joint Improvement or Joint Collaboration IP. 
  3.3.3.        Data  .  All data generated in the course of Clinical Trials of Licensed Products hereunder (   Clinical Trial Data   ) shall be owned by Genocea and deemed  Genocea Know-How.   Isconova hereby assigns, and Isconova shall cause its employees, consultants, and agents to assign, its right, title, and interest in and to such data and information to Genocea. 
  3.3.4.        Genocea IP  .  Genocea is and shall remain the sole owner of the Genocea Technology. 
  3.3.5.        Isconova IP  .  Isconova is and shall remain the sole owner of the Isconova Technology. 
  3.3.6.        Disputes as to Ownership of Improvements and Collaboration IP  .  Should the Parties fail to agree regarding ownership of Improvements and/or Collaboration IP arising out of this Agreement, the Parties shall have the right to dispute resolution as set forth in   Section 11.3   of this Agreement. 
  3.4        No Other Rights  .  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither Party shall obtain any ownership interest or other right in any Know-How or Patent Rights owned or Controlled by the other Party.  For the avoidance of doubt, each Party reserves all rights not expressly granted herein, and any express reservations of rights set forth herein shall not be construed as limiting such reservation or conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any grant or license or other right under any patent or other right of intellectual property or confidential information other than those rights expressly set forth herein. 
  ARTICLE 4          RESEARCH PROGRAM 
  4.1        Scope of Research  .  Genocea and Isconova will collaborate during the Research Term to conduct research to assist in the identification, evaluation and Development of vaccine product candidates containing both the Licensed Adjuvant and one or more Genocea Antigens pursuant to the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan and the Development and Scale-Up Plan. 
  
   25 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

4.2        Development and Scale-Up Plan  .  Isconova s internal Development activities during the Research Term will be performed in accordance with the Development and Scale-Up Plan and the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including this   ARTICLE 4  .  Isconova undertakes to work diligently and shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform activities under the Development and Scale-Up Plan in accordance with the timelines set forth in the Development and Scale-Up Plan.  The Development and Scale-Up Plan may only be amended by written agreement of both Parties;   provided   that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Isconova may amend the Development and Scale-Up Plan solely as it pertains to the product and process designs of the Matrix-A, Matrix-C and Matrix-M technologies, in its sole discretion, at any time during the Research Term, further   provided   that Isconova shall notify Genocea prior to making such modifications and that no such modifications may adversely affect the core activities, deliverables or timelines of the Development and Scale-Up Plan without Genocea s prior written consent.  Isconova will at all times during the Research Term maintain the necessary financial and human resources to complete the activities of Isconova set forth in the Development and Scale-Up Plan. 
  4.3        Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan  .  All research conducted in connection with this Agreement will be performed by Genocea and Isconova in accordance with the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan and the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including this   ARTICLE 4  .  Each Party shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform activities allocated to it under the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan in accordance with the timeline set forth in the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan.  The Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan sets forth an estimated timeline and the allocation of responsibilities between Genocea and Isconova.  Any Changes to the    Phase I Supply Plan    in the Research and Phase I Supply Plan require the Parties  mutual agreement.  Genocea reserves the right to modify the    Research    section in the Research and Phase I Supply Plan, in its sole discretion,   provided  , however, that any material changes in the support or effort requested from Isconova requires the Parties  mutual agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, specialized services such as animal studies, non-GLP tox studies or other services requiring extensive laboratory work are not included in the Research and Phase I Supply Plan, and are outside the scope of this Agreement.  If Genocea should request such specialized services from Isconova, a separate agreement governing the provision of such services will be required before such services are provided by Isconova. 
  4.4        Meetings  .  The Parties shall establish a joint steering committee (   JSC   ) that will be responsible for overseeing the activities under the Development and Scale-Up Plan, the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan and any results of pre-clinical activities and Clinical Trials conducted pursuant to this Agreement.  The JSC will be comprised of at least two (2) representatives from each Party who are familiar with the Parties  relationship under this Agreement shall meet, either in person or via teleconference, initially once a month.  Meetings in person shall alternate between Boston, MA, USA and Uppsala, Sweden, unless agreed otherwise. 
  
   26 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

4.5        Records  . 
  4.5.1.        Generally  .  Each Party shall maintain scientific records, in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent and regulatory purposes, which shall fully and properly reflect all work done and results achieved in the performance of the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan and the Development and Scale-Up Plan by such Party.  Each Party shall have the right, during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice, to inspect and copy (or request the other Party to copy) all records of the other Party maintained in connection with the work done and results achieved in the performance of the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan and Development and Scale-Up Plan, but solely to the extent access to such records is necessary for a Party to exercise its rights under this Agreement.  All such records and the information disclosed therein shall be deemed Confidential Information pursuant to   Section 1.14   and   ARTICLE 8  . 
  4.5.2.        Electronic Records  .  Upon Genocea s request, Isconova will provide Genocea reasonable assistance for Genocea to convert records provided by Isconova to Genocea into electronic form.  In addition, upon Genocea s request, Isconova will use templates for recordkeeping provided by Genocea reasonably necessary to assist Genocea in making electronic filings with Regulatory Authorities. 
  ARTICLE 5          PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, MANUFACTURING, AND COMMERCIALIZATION 
  5.1        General  .  Subject to the terms set forth hereunder, Genocea shall have sole authority over and exclusive control of the Development, Manufacture and Commercialization of any and all Licensed Products.  As such, Genocea shall be entitled to utilize the services of Third Parties in whatever manner it chooses to perform such Development, Manufacturing and Commercialization activities hereunder. 
  5.2        Regulatory Matters  .  Genocea shall develop a regulatory strategy for the Licensed Products and prepare all submissions, documents or other correspondence to be submitted to the applicable Regulatory Authorities.  Genocea shall oversee, monitor, coordinate, file, and hold in its name all NDAs and/or BLAs, all communications with and submissions to Regulatory Authorities and all Regulatory Approvals with respect to Licensed Products.  Isconova shall be informed about timing and content of any material communication with Regulatory Authorities which include the Licensed Adjuvant.  Genocea shall have sole responsibility for interfacing, corresponding and meeting with the applicable Regulatory Authorities with respect to Licensed Products.  Isconova shall use its best efforts to promptly, upon Genocea s request, assist Genocea with the activities described in this Section, and such assistance shall include, but not be limited to, Isconova s timely delivery of any data, information, correspondence or other materials  
  
   27 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

requested by Genocea.  Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing, Genocea shall have no obligation to seek Regulatory Approval for any Licensed Product. 
  5.3        Manufacturing and Supply of Licensed Adjuvants  . 
  5.3.1.        Evaluation Supplies  .  Isconova shall manufacture and supply to Genocea all Licensed Adjuvants reasonably requested by Genocea for its evaluation of each Disease Field prior to the commencement of a GLP toxicity study for a Licensed Product in each such Disease Field (such supplies of Licensed Adjuvants, the    Evaluation Supplies   ).  The terms of supply of Evaluation Supplies pursuant to this Section are set forth in   Exhibit C-2  . 
  5.3.2.        Clinical Supplies  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Isconova shall manufacture and supply to Genocea all Licensed Adjuvants required for the Manufacture of Clinical Supplies necessary for Clinical Trials and all other Development activities, including pre-clinical research.  The terms of supply of Clinical Supplies pursuant to this Section are set forth in   Exhibit C-2  . 
  5.3.3.        Commercial Supply  .  Isconova will manufacture and supply to Genocea all Licensed Adjuvants required for the Manufacture of Commercial Supplies pursuant to the terms of a separate Supply and Manufacturing Agreement entered into on the date hereof, a form of which is attached hereto as   Exhibit D   (the    Supply and Manufacturing Agreement   ). 
  5.3.4.        Manufacturing Generally  .  All Licensed Adjuvants supplied to Genocea for inclusion in Clinical Supplies and Commercial Supplies will be Manufactured in accordance with GLP and GMP, as applicable, and Applicable Law.  In addition, the manufacturing process used for such Licensed Adjuvants shall be in accordance with the IND, NDA or other Regulatory Approval, as applicable, for the Licensed Product. 
  5.4        Commercialization Responsibilities  . 
  5.4.1.        General  .  Genocea shall have sole and exclusive control over all matters relating to the Commercialization of the Licensed Products. 
  5.4.2.        Branding of Licensed Products  .  Genocea shall, at its sole discretion, select and own all trademarks and trade dress used in connection with the Commercialization of any Licensed Products, and all goodwill associated therewith.  Isconova shall, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, use or seek to register, anywhere in the world, any trademarks which are confusingly similar to any trademarks, trade names, trade dress or logos used by or on behalf of Genocea, its Affiliates or Sublicensees. 
  
   28 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

5.4.3.        Branding of Licensed Adjuvants  .  Subject to the terms of   Section 5.4.2  .  Isconova shall, at its sole discretion, select and own all trademarks and trade dress used in connection with the Licensed Adjuvants, and all goodwill associated therewith.  Genocea shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates and Sublicensees not to, use or seek to register, anywhere in the world, any trademarks which are confusingly similar to any trademarks (including the Trademarks), trade names, trade dress or logos used by or on behalf of Isconova, its Affiliates or Sublicensees. 
  5.4.4.        Diligence Efforts within the Exclusive Field  .  Genocea undertakes to work diligently and agrees to use Commercially Reasonable Efforts consistent with prudent business judgment and consistent with business and market conditions to research, Develop and otherwise carry out the Commercialization of Licensed Products within the Exclusive Field.  During Genocea s Development of Licensed Product(s) within the Exclusive Field, Genocea shall keep Isconova informed of the progress of the Development.  Such information shall be given in a bi-annual written progress report describing the program status, achieved results and program timelines.  Upon ten (10) business days  prior written notice by Isconova, Genocea shall permit an independent auditor appointed by Isconova, at Isconova s expense, to have access during normal business hours and no more than once a year to such records as may be reasonably necessary to verify Genocea s compliance with this Section.  The auditor shall execute a non-disclosure agreement with Genocea to treat all information it receives during its inspection in confidence. 
  ARTICLE 6          FINANCIAL PROVISIONS 
  6.1        Initial Payments  .  As consideration for the selection of the Exclusive Fields and the Time-Limited Exclusive Fields, Genocea shall pay to Isconova a non-creditable, non-refundable fee of [* * *] payable in two installments of: (i) [* * *], due and payable on the Effective Date, and (ii) [* * *], due and payable on the first (1   st   ) anniversary of Effective Date. 
  6.2        Upfront Payments  .  Prior to the commencement of any GLP toxicity study for the first Licensed Product by Genocea, its Affiliates or a Sublicensee in each of the Non-Exclusive Disease Fields, Genocea shall pay to Isconova an upfront, non-creditable, non-refundable fee of [* * *]. 
  For the avoidance of doubt, payments under this   Section 6.2   shall only be payable by Genocea once for each unique Disease Field, irrespective of the number of Licensed Products in any given Disease Field that become the subject of a GLP toxicity study. 
  
   29 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

6.3        Development Milestones  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement including, without limitation,   Section 6.8   below, Genocea shall pay Isconova a milestone payment (each, an    Development Milestone Payment   ) for the first Licensed Product in each unique Disease Field to achieve the following events, whether such event is achieved by Genocea, its Affiliates or a Sublicensee (each, an    Development Milestone   ) in the particular amounts specified below within thirty (30) Business Days after the occurrence of the relevant Development Milestone: 
                 Development Milestone 
    Milestone Payment 
      A) [* * *] 
    USD $[* * *] 
      B) [* * *] 
    USD $[* * *] 
      C) [* * *] 
    USD $[* * *] 
      D) [* * *] 
    USD $[* * *] 

As used in the table above,  Initiation  of a Clinical Trial shall mean that that the first human subject has received the first dose in such Clinical Trial. 
  Irrespective of the number of Licensed Products that achieve a Development Milestone, Genocea shall only be obligated to make a Development Milestone Payment once for the first Licensed Product in each unique Disease Field to reach the Development Milestone.  For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the first Licensed Product should reach one milestone but not the next, then Genocea shall make such Development Milestone Payments due for the second Licensed Product to reach this next Development Milestone.    Example  : The first Licensed Product in a unique Disease Area reaches Development Milestones A and B, but not C.  If a second Licensed Product in the same Disease Field should reach Development Milestone C, for the second Licensed Product Genocea would pay Isconova for Development Milestone C (but not for Development Milestone A and B). 
  6.4        Royalty Payments  .  In consideration for the licenses granted to Genocea under   Section 3.1.1  , Genocea shall pay to Isconova Royalties on Net Sales of Licensed Products in the Territory as set forth in   Section 6.4.1   below. 
  6.4.1.        Royalty Rates  .  Genocea shall pay to Isconova royalties on a Licensed Product- by-Licensed Product and country-by-country basis in the amount of the applicable royalty rates set forth in the following table.  Such royalties rates are dependent on both (a) the stage of Development of a Licensed Product, during which Genocea enters into a definitive agreement with a Third Party, if any, pursuant to which the Third Party shall perform or control a substantial part of or all of the Development and Commercialization activities with regards to such Licensed Product and such country(-ies) (such agreement, a    Partnership      provided  ,   however  , that agreements with Third Party service providers (e.g. contract manufacturers, development and/or formulation services providers, pre-  
  
   30 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

clinical service providers and clinical service providers) shall not constitute a Partnership hereunder; and (b) the Net Sales obtained by Genocea, its Affiliates or Sublicensees from the sale of each Licensed Product in the Territory during each Contract Year.  For example, if Genocea enters into a Partnership for Licensed Products A, B and C for China, but not for Licensed Products D, E and F, then a Partnership shall be deemed to exist solely with respect to Licensed Products A, B, C in China, but not for (i) Licensed Products A, B, C in any other country in the Territory or (ii) Licensed Products D, E and F anywhere in the Territory. 
                         
    Stage of Licensed Product s Development upon Genocea s Entry into a Partnership for such Licensed Product 
        
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      Portion of Net Sales of Licensed Product  
  in a Contract Year 

Under $[* * *] 
    [* * *]% 
    [* * *]% 
    [* * *]% 
    [* * *]% 
      Over $[* * *] 
    [* * *]% 
    [* * *]% 
    [* * *]% 
    [* * *]% 

The royalty rates set forth in the table above shall apply only to that portion of the Net Sales in a Contract Year of a particular Licensed Product that fall within the indicated range.  For example, if the Net Sales of a particular Licensed Product (for which Genocea entered into a Partnership following submission of an IND but prior to the commencement of a Phase 3 Clinical Trial) equal $1.25 billion, the total royalty for such Licensed Product during the corresponding Contract Year would be equal to the specified royalty rate for the first $[* * *] of Net Sales of such Licensed Product ([* * *]) and the specified royalty rate for the second $[* * *] of Net Sales ([* * *]): ($[* * *]%) + ($[* * *]%) = $[* * *] million. 
  6.4.2.        Adjustment in Royalty Rates due to no Valid Claim  .  If, during the Royalty Term, on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country-by-country basis, a Licensed Product is not covered (in whole or in party), or is not made, does not use or is not used by a process covered by (in whole or by part), one or more Valid Claims of one or more of the Isconova Patent Rights or Joint Patent Rights, then the applicable royalty rate under   Section 6.4.1  , as otherwise adjusted pursuant to this Agreement, will be reduced by [* * *].  Further, any such reduction will not apply retroactively and shall thus only apply to future royalties (i.e. royalties that yet not have accrued at the date when no Valid Claim remain) 
  6.4.3.        Expiration of Royalty Period  .  After the Royalty Term has expired for any Licensed Product in any country in the Territory, no further royalties shall be payable in respect of sales of such Licensed Product in such country and thereafter, the licenses  
  
   31 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

granted to Genocea under   Section 3.1   with respect to such Licensed Product shall be fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, non-exclusive licenses; provided, however, that if Genocea terminates this Agreement pursuant to   Section 9.4  , or if Isconova terminates this Agreement due to circumstances set forth in   Sections 9.2  ,    9.3  ,    9.4  ,  Genocea shall, as from the effective date of termination, no longer be granted any licenses hereunder. 
  6.4.4.        Cumulative Royalties  .  The obligation to pay royalties under this Agreement shall be imposed only once with respect to a single unit of a Licensed Product regardless of how many Valid Claims included within Licensed Patent Rights would, but for this Agreement, be infringed by the Manufacture or Commercialization of such Licensed Product. 
  6.5        Adjustment due to Third Party Payments  .  If, during the Term, Genocea enters into an agreement with a Third Party(ies) to obtain a license under a patent(s) or other right(s) or otherwise makes a payment to a Third Party(ies) in exchange for right(s) that Genocea needs in order to practice or use the Isconova Technology, then Genocea may offset the amount of royalties or other payments (which shall include without limitation milestone payments, upfront payments and any payments owed to such Third Party due to a court order) payable by Genocea to such Third Party with respect to a Licensed Product against amounts Genocea is obligated to pay Isconova under Sections 6.3, 6.4 and 6.6 for such Licensed Product; provided that (i) in no such event will any such offset reduce the payments otherwise due to Isconova under Section 6.4 by more than [* * *] in any Contract Quarter, (ii) in no such event will any such offset reduce the payments due to Isconova under   Section 6.3   or   6.6   by more than [* * *] in any Contract Quarter and (iii) any such reduction will not apply retroactively and shall thus only apply to future payments (e.g. with respect to royalties, only those royalties that yet not have accrued at the date when Genocea notifies Isconova of it having entered into a Third Party agreement or having a payment obligation to a Third Party for the Isconova Technology).  Amounts not used to offset payments owed to Isconova pursuant to this   Section 6.5   as a result of clause (i) or clause (ii) of the proviso of the immediately preceding sentence may be carried over to future Contract Quarters until the full offset is realized.  In no event shall Isconova be liable to pay to Genocea any amounts not used for set-off. 
  6.6        Sublicensing Income  .  Upon any sublicense by Genocea of the rights granted to it under   Section 3.1   herein, Genocea shall be obligated to pay Isconova [* * *] of the amount equal to (i) any initial, signing or upfront fees received by Genocea from such Sublicensee as consideration for the grant of rights under the sublicense less (ii) the amount included in any such initial, signing or upfront fee for reimbursement of actual patent prosecution expenses or funded research and development and less (iii) any payments owed, based on the receipt of such initial, signing or upfront payment, by Genocea to Third Parties under the terms of any agreement in effect as of the Effective Date, For example, if Genocea receives a sublicense fee of an upfront  
  
   32 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

$500,000, including a reimbursement of patent prosecution expenses of $13,000, and Genocea is bound to pay [* * *] of any such sublicense fee to a Third Party, then Isconova will be entitled to sublicensing income of: [* * *] X [* * *].  For clarity, the Parties agree that payments that are due as a direct result of Genocea sublicensing its rights hereunder and that are not dependable on the success or development of products or services based on such sublicensed rights, shall be deemed as  upfront fees  regardless of when payment actually is made (e.g. if Genocea receives a signing fee payable in three installments).  As an illustration, the payments pursuant to   Sections 6.1   and   6.2   above, if received by Genocea from a Sublicensee, would qualify as upfront payments for the purposes of this   Section 6.6  . 
  6.7        Reports and Royalty Payments  .  Within sixty (60) days after the beginning of each Contract Quarter during the Royalty Term, Genocea shall deliver to Isconova a report setting forth for the previous Contract Quarter the following information on a Licensed Product-byLicensed Product and country-by-country basis in the Territory: (a) the gross sales and Net Sales of Licensed Product, (b) the number of units sold by Genocea, its Affiliates or Sublicensees, (c) the basis for any adjustments to the royalty payable for the sale of each Licensed Product, and (d) the royalty due hereunder for the sales of each Licensed Product (the    Royalty Report   ).  The total royalty due for the sale of Licensed Products during such Contract Quarter shall be remitted at the time such report is made.  No such reports or royalty shall be due for any Licensed Product before the First Commercial Sale of such Licensed Product. 
  6.8        Research Funding  .  Genocea shall pay to Isconova in total One Million Six Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars ($1,600,000) payable as follows: (i) $[* * *] in equal monthly installments for each remaining month in 2009 following the Effective Date and (ii) $[* * *] in equal monthly installments during the period from January 1, 2010 until March 31, 2012. The Research Funding shall be used solely for the performance of activities under the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan and the Development and Scale-Up Plan and, for the avoidance of doubt, solely to fund Development and research activities for human (and not veterinary) applications in accordance with such Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan and Development and Scale-Up Plan.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, the Parties agree that this restriction shall only apply to the allocation and use of the Research Funding as such, and shall not be construed as limiting or affecting the ownership of any Isconova Technology and Joint Technology created, conceived, reduced to practice or Invented hereunder.  Isconova s ownership and/or rights to the Isconova Technology and Joint Technology shall exclusively be governed by the provisions in   Section 3.3  .  and Isconova s use of the Isconova Technology and Joint Technology shall be subject only to the licenses granted to Genocea in   Sections 3.1.1   through   3.1.3  .  Isconova shall during the Research Term allocate not less than two (2) dedicated FTEs for Isconova s research work for Genocea hereunder and each such dedicated FTE shall be paid through Research Funding.  During the Research Term, Isconova shall, within fifteen (15) days after the end of each month, deliver to Genocea a report setting forth the number of Isconova FTEs that worked  
  
   33 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

on activities under the Development and Scale-Up Plan and the Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan, as well as other costs and expenses of Isconova evidencing recourses spent on Isconova s research work hereunder.  Researching Funding payments shall be made within fifteen (15) days after the end of each calendar month. 
  6.9        Repayment of Research Funding  .  Interest shall accrue on the amounts of Research Funding actually paid to Isconova at [* * *], however capped at [* * *] percent.  Isconova shall repay the Research Funding plus interest as follows.  Isconova shall pay to Genocea [* * *] of any monetary consideration received by Isconova from Third Parties in connection with the development or commercialization of vaccine products within the human field such as initial, signing or upfront fees, milestones and royalties;   provided   that Isconova shall not be obliged to pay to Genocea any portion of (i) payments received by Isconova for reimbursement of actual patent prosecution expenses or funded research and development, or (ii) research grants from not-for-profit organizations, including the EU.  Further, at Genocea s election, all outstanding amounts paid by Genocea to Isconova as Research Funding under   Section 6.8   together with accrued interest shall be deducted from any milestone payments owed by Genocea to Isconova pursuant to   Section 6.3   above at the time such milestone payment(s) are due;   provided  ,   however   that no milestone payment owed by Genocea to Isconova hereunder may be reduced by more than [* * *] and   provided     further  ,   however   that no deduction may be made from a payment owed to Isconova for the achievement of milestone A in   Section 6.3   above (  Initiation of the first Phase 1 Clinical Trial of the Licensed Product  ).  If Isconova has not repaid the Research Funding plus accrued interest by December 31, 2015, Genocea may, by thirty (30) days  written prior notice, request that Isconova pay any outstanding amount (at Genocea s option) in cash or by set-off against deliveries of License Adjuvants.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, in no event shall Isconova be obliged to repay to Genocea with an amount exceeding the Research Funding actually paid by Genocea, plus interest as set out above. 
  6.10        Payment Provisions Generally  . 
  6.10.1.        Taxes and Withholding  .  If laws, rules or regulations require withholding of income taxes or other taxes imposed upon payments set forth in this   ARTICLE 6  , Genocea shall make such withholding payments as required and subtract such withholding payments from the payments set forth in this   ARTICLE 6  .  Genocea shall submit appropriate proof of payment of the withholding taxes to Isconova within a reasonable period of time.  At the request of Isconova, Genocea shall give Isconova such reasonable assistance, which shall include the provision of appropriate certificates of such deductions made together with other supporting documentation as may be required by the relevant tax authority, to enable Isconova to claim exemption from such withholding or other tax imposed or obtain a repayment thereof or reduction thereof and shall upon  
  
   34 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

request provide such additional documentation from time to time as is reasonably required to confirm the payment of tax. 
  6.10.2.        Payment and Currency Exchange  . 
  (a)        All amounts payable and calculations hereunder shall be in United States dollars and shall be paid by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds to such bank account as may be designated in writing by Isconova or Genocea, as applicable, from time to time.  Whenever for the purposes of calculating the royalties or costs payable hereunder conversion from any foreign currency shall be required, all amounts shall first be calculated in the currency of sale or currency of incurrence and then converted into United States dollars by applying the average monthly rate of exchange listed in the New York edition of   The Wall Street Journal   for the final month of the applicable Contract Quarter. 
  (b)        Where royalty amounts are due for Net Sales in a country where, for reasons of currency, tax or other regulations, transfer of foreign currency out of such country is prohibited, Genocea has the right to place Isconova s royalties in a bank account in such country in the name of and under the sole control of Isconova;   provided  ,   however  , that the bank selected be reasonably acceptable to Isconova and that Genocea inform Isconova of the location, account number, amount and currency of money deposited therein.  After Isconova has been so notified, those monies shall be considered as royalties duly paid to Isconova and will be completely controlled by Isconova. 
  (c)        When in any country in the Territory the law or regulations prohibit both the transmittal and the deposit of royalties on sales in such country, royalty payments due on Net Sales shall be suspended for as long as such prohibition is in effect and as soon as such prohibition ceases to be in effect, all royalties that Genocea would have been under an obligation to transmit or deposit but for the prohibition shall forthwith be deposited or transmitted, to the extent allowable. 
  6.10.3.        Records  .  Each Party shall keep and maintain accurate and complete records which are relevant to costs, expenses, sales and payments throughout the Territory used to determine payments to be made under this Agreement, and such records shall be maintained for a period of three (3) years from creation of individual records for examination at the other Party s expense by an independent certified public accountant selected by the other Party as described in   Section 6.10.4  .  A Party s right to complete a final audit upon termination or expiration of this Agreement shall expire three (3) years after such termination or expiration.  Any records or accounting information received from the other Party shall be Confidential Information of the disclosing Party for  
  
   35 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

purposes of   ARTICLE 8   of this Agreement.  Results of any such audit shall be provided to both Parties, subject to   ARTICLE 8   of this Agreement. 
  6.10.4.        Audits and Interim Reviews  . 
  (a)        Subject to the provisions of   Section 6.10.3  ,  either Party may request (such requesting party, the    Auditing Party   ) that a independent certified public accountant mutually agreed upon by the Parties, which is not either Party s independent accounting firm, perform an audit or interim review of the other Party s books (such other Party, the    Audited Party   ) as they relate to this Agreement in order to express an opinion regarding such Party s accounting for revenues, costs and expenses, as applicable, under this Agreement.  Such audits or review shall be conducted at the expense of the Auditing Party.  However, and without prejudice to any other remedy or action available due to breach of this Agreement, if the audit should determine a discrepancy between royalty or other payments reported and the royalty or payments actually due resulting in the underpayment of royalties or payments of more than five percent (5%) then the cost and expense of the audit shall be borne by the Audited Party. 
  (b)        Upon ten (10) Business Days  prior written notice from the Auditing Party, the Audited Party shall permit such accounting firm to examine the relevant books and records of the Audited Party, including any Affiliates, as may be reasonably necessary to verify the reports and information submitted by the Audited Party and the accuracy of any Royalty Report.  An examination by a Party under this   Section 6.10.4   (whether of the Audited Party or its Affiliates) shall occur not more than once in any Contract Year and shall be limited to the pertinent books and records for any Contract Year ending not more than thirty-six (36) months before the date of the request.  The accounting firm shall be provided access to such books and records at the Audited Party s facility(ies) where such books and records are normally kept and such examination shall be conducted during the Audited Party s normal business hours.  The Audited Party may require the accounting firm to sign a standard non-disclosure agreement with terms that are not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement before providing the accounting firm access to the Audited Party s facilities or records.  Upon completion of the audit, the accounting firm shall provide both Genocea and Isconova a written report disclosing whether the reports submitted by the Audited Party are correct or incorrect and the specific details concerning any discrepancies.  No other information shall be provided to the Auditing Party.  If the accountant determines that, based on errors in the reports so submitted, any report prepared in accordance with this Agreement is incorrect, the Parties shall promptly revise the report and the associated Royalty Report or Reconciliation Statement and any  
  
   36 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

additional amount owed by one Party to the other shall be paid within thirty (30) days after receipt of the accountant s report, along with interest as provided in   Section 6.10.5  ;   provided  ,   however  , that no such interest shall be payable if the errors leading to the Royalty Report being incorrect were in the reports provided by the Party to receive such additional amount.  In the event of any sublicense or transfer of rights with respect to the Licensed Adjuvant or Licensed Products by a Party under this Agreement, the sublicensor or transferor shall provide for audit rights by the other Party to this Agreement in accordance with this   Section 6.10.4  . 
  6.10.5.        Payments Between the Parties  .  In the event that (a) any payment hereunder (including any royalty payment due by Genocea to Isconova under this Agreement) is made after the date such payment was due pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (other than the extent that a payment that is the subject of a good faith dispute between the Parties that has been outstanding for no more than sixty (60) Business Days), and (b) such payment is overdue by more than fifteen (15) Business Days, the paying Party shall pay interest to the other Party at the lesser of (i) the interest rate of one and a half (1.5%) percent a month or (ii) the highest rate permitted by applicable law from the date that such additional amount should have first been paid. 
  6.11        Suspension of Royalty/Milestone Payments  .  In the event that (i) any Third Party commences any proceeding against Genocea, Isconova and/or any Sublicensee related to the Isconova Technology which results in the enjoinment of the research, development, commercialization and/or sale of a Licensed Product which is not a Final Decision (as defined in   Section 6.11.1   below) and (ii) the underlying claim of such proceeding in clause (i) is not directly and principally attributable to activities conducted by Genocea outside the scope of the rights granted to Genocea in   Section 3.1  .  Genocea (a) may suspend further payments of royalties and milestones due to Isconova hereunder; (b) may request (and upon such request, Isconova shall conduct) a Technology Transfer as described in Section 6.3(c) of the Supply and Manufacturing Agreement and (c) Genocea shall be relieved of its obligation to order its purchase requirements of Licensed Adjuvants from Isconova and may receive supply of Licensed Adjuvants from a party or parties of Genocea s choosing. 
  6.11.1.        If a court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction has made a final decision (including a decision confirming a settlement) or taken a final action which is not appealable or has not been appealed within the time allowed for appeal (a    Final Decision   ) and such Final Decision results in the enjoinment of the research, development, commercialization and/or sale of a Licensed Product, Genocea may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Isconova.  If, pursuant to the Final Decision, Genocea is not enjoined from the research, development, commercialization and/or sale of a Licensed Product and Genocea elects not to terminate this Agreement pursuant to any applicable provision other than this   Section 6.11.1  , then  
  
   37 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Genocea shall, as of the date of such Final Decision, resume (or continue, as the case may be) the payment of royalties and milestones to Isconova under   ARTICLE 6   (subject to any reductions in accordance with this Agreement including, without limitation   Sections 6.4.2   and   6.4.2  ) due after such date;   provided  ,   however   that if Genocea has previously elected to request a Technology Transfer under this   Section 6.11  , Genocea shall continue to be relieved of its obligation to order its purchase requirements of Licensed Adjuvants from Isconova and may receive supply of Licensed Adjuvants from a party or parties of Genocea s choosing.  In the event of Genocea terminating this Agreement as set out in this   Section 6.11.1   above, (i) the license granted to Isconova pursuant to   Section 3.2   shall terminate, (ii) the licenses granted to Genocea under   Section 3.1   shall continue in perpetuity and shall become royalty-free, worldwide, fully paid-up, irrevocable licenses with the right to sublicense; (iii) Genocea shall have the right to immediately terminate the Supply and Manufacturing Agreement pursuant to   Section 6.2(a)   of such agreement and, to the extent not already performed, Isconova shall perform a Technology Transfer as set forth in   Section 6.3(c)   of such agreement upon Genocea s request; (iv) Genocea shall have no obligation to pay any royalties or milestones arising under this Agreement after the effective date of such termination; (v) Isconova shall continue to be solely responsible for all royalty, milestone, and other payments owed to any other Third Party licensor pursuant to an agreement executed by Isconova prior to the Effective Date and (vi) any tangible manifestations or embodiments of Genocea s Confidential Information provided by or behalf of Genocea pursuant to this Agreement shall be promptly returned by Isconova to Genocea or destroyed by Isconova.  Nothing in this   Section 6.11   shall limit any other legal or equitable remedies that Genocea may have hereunder. 
  ARTICLE 7          INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION AND RELATED MATTERS 
  7.1        Prosecution of Patent Rights  . 
  7.1.1.        Isconova Patent Rights and Joint Patent Rights  .  The following terms shall apply to all Isconova Patent Rights owned by Isconova and all Joint Patent Rights. 
  (a)        Primary Responsibility  .  Isconova, through counsel of its choosing, shall have primary responsibility for and control over obtaining, filing, prosecuting (including any interferences, reissue proceedings, re-examinations, oppositions, and revocations), and maintaining (collectively,    Prosecuting    or, when used as a noun,    Prosecution   ) throughout the Territory the Isconova Patent Rights (and, for clarity, will be the  Prosecuting Party  with respect to the Isconova Patent Rights), and Genocea shall cooperate with Isconova in regard thereto.  Genocea, through counsel of its choosing, shall have primary responsibility for and control over Prosecuting throughout the Territory the Joint Patent Rights (and, for clarity,  
  
   38 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

will be the  Prosecuting Party  with respect to the Joint Patent Rights), and Isconova shall cooperate with Genocea in regard thereto.  If the Prosecuting Party elects to abandon (except in the course of Prosecution to pursue such subject matter or claim in a continuing application) any subject matter or claim that relates to any of the rights licensed to the Non-Prosecuting Party hereunder, the Prosecuting Party shall so notify the Non-Prosecuting Party promptly (but no less than 30 days prior to any deadlines for Prosecution) in writing of its intention in good time to enable the Non-Prosecuting Party to meet any deadlines by which an action must be taken to preserve any such rights in such subject matter or claim, and the Non-Prosecuting Party shall be entitled to acquire control of Prosecuting such subject matter or claim and be deemed the Prosecuting Party with respect thereto. 
  (b)        Additional Obligations  .  The Prosecuting Party shall keep the NonProsecuting Party reasonably informed of Prosecution.  In addition, the Prosecuting Party shall invite the Non-Prosecuting Party to comment on any material issues relating to Prosecution well in advance of a relevant deadline and shall take into due consideration the Non-Prosecuting Party s comments and suggestions with respect to any material actions to be taken by the Prosecuting Party. 
  (c)        Common Interest  .  All information exchanged between the Parties or between the Parties  outside patent counsel regarding Prosecution of the Isconova Patent Rights or Joint Patent Rights shall be deemed Confidential Information.  In addition, the Parties acknowledge and agree that, with regard to such Prosecution of the Isconova Patent Rights or Joint Patent Rights, the interests of the Parties as licensor and licensee are to obtain the strongest patent protection possible, and as such, are aligned and are legal in nature.  The Parties agree and acknowledge that they have not waived, and nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of, any legal privilege concerning the Isconova Patent Rights or Joint Patent Rights, including privilege under the common interest doctrine and similar or related doctrines. 
  (d)        Election Not to Continue Prosecution; Abandonment  .  If a Prosecuting Party elects (i) not to Prosecute patent applications for the Isconova Patent Rights or Joint Patent Rights under its Prosecution control in any country, or (ii) not to continue the Prosecution of any Isconova Patent Right or Joint Patent Right under its Prosecution control in a particular country in the Territory, or (iii) not to Prosecute patent applications for the Joint Patent Rights under its Prosecution control in a particular country following a written request from the  
  
   39 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

NonProsecuting Party to Prosecute in such country, or (iv) not to Prosecute patent applications for the Joint Patent Rights under its Prosecution control reasonably sufficient to protect the Licensed Adjuvant and Licensed Product following a written notice from the Non-Prosecuting Party setting forth the Non-Prosecuting Party s good faith analysis of the insufficiency of the Prosecuting Party s patent applications, then the Prosecuting Party shall so notify the Non-Prosecuting Party promptly (but no less than 30 days prior to the date that a response is due) in writing of its intention in good time to enable the Non-Prosecuting Party to meet any deadlines by which an action must be taken to establish or preserve any such rights in such patent in such country, and the Prosecuting Party shall permit the Non-Prosecuting Party, should the Non-Prosecuting Party choose to do so, to Prosecute or otherwise pursue such Isconova Patent Rights or Joint Patent Rights in such country in the Non-Prosecuting Party s own name, and the Prosecuting Party shall cooperate with the Non-Prosecuting Party in regard thereto.  For clarity, the provisions   (iii)   and   (iv)   above in this   Section 7.1.1(d)   shall apply only to non-Prosecution or abandonment with respect to the Joint Patent Rights, and not the Isconova Patent Rights. 
  (e)        No Grant of Conflicting or Superior Rights  .  Isconova covenants and agrees that it shall not grant any Third Party any right to control the Prosecution of the Isconova Patent Rights or to approve or consult with respect to any Patent Rights licensed to Genocea hereunder, in any case, that is more favorable than the rights granted to Genocea hereunder or otherwise conflicts with Genocea s rights hereunder.  For the avoidance of doubt, if Isconova chooses (i) not to Prosecute patent applications for the Isconova Patent Rights under its Prosecution control in any country and/or (ii) not to continue the Prosecution of any Isconova Patent Right under its Prosecution control in a particular country in the Territory, Genocea shall have the exclusive secondary right to take the action(s) in clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence (such actions collectively, the    Secondary Prosecution Activities   ) and Isconova shall not allow any Third Party to perform any Secondary Prosecution Activity unless Genocea has informed Isconova in writing that it has elected to not perform such Secondary Prosecution Activity.  Notwithstanding the above, Genocea agrees that Isconova s covenant and Genocea s rights to Secondary Prosecution Activities herein is granted to the extent that such covenant and rights are not in conflict with Isconova s prior agreement with Crucell Holland B.V. dated December 21, 2006 as such agreement exists on the Effective Date, and that Isconova may have undertakings towards Crucell Holland B.V. that may take precedence over Genocea s rights herein.  Genocea further agrees that Isconova shall be free to disclose to future licensees  
  
   40 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

of the Licensed Technology that an Isconova licensee has rights to Secondary Prosecution Activities as set out herein under appropriate terms of confidentiality and provided that Isconova does not disclose to such future licensees Genocea s identity. 
  7.1.2.        Genocea Patent Rights  .  Genocea, through counsel of its choosing, shall have the sole responsibility for and control over Prosecuting throughout the Territory the Genocea Patent Rights, but shall have no obligation to Prosecute such Patent Rights. 
  7.1.3.        Cooperation  .  Each Party hereby agrees: (a) to make its employees, agents and consultants reasonably available to the other Party (or to the other Party s authorized attorneys, agents or representatives), to the extent reasonably necessary to enable such Party to undertake patent Prosecution as contemplated by this Agreement; (b) to cooperate, if necessary and appropriate, with the other Party in gaining patent term extensions wherever applicable to Patent Rights that are subject to this Agreement; and (c) to endeavor in good faith to coordinate its efforts with the other Party to minimize or avoid interference with the Prosecution of the other Party s patent applications that are subject to this Agreement. 
  7.1.4.        Patent Procurement Costs  . 
  (a)        All Patent Procurement Costs related to Prosecuting Patent Rights hereunder shall be shared by the Parties as follows: (a) Patent Procurement Costs relating to the Prosecution of Genocea Patent Rights in the Territory shall be paid for by Genocea, (b) Patent Procurement Costs relating to the Prosecution of Joint Patent Rights in the Territory shall be borne equally by the Parties, and (c) Patent Procurement Costs relating to the Prosecution of Isconova Patent Rights in the Territory shall be borne by Isconova.  This notwithstanding, should Isconova choose not to Prosecute Isconova Patent Rights and Genocea choose to Prosecute such Patent Rights as set forth in   Section 7.1.1(d)  , then Genocea shall bear the costs related to such Prosecution, and Genocea may off-set its Procurement Costs related to such Patent Rights on a country-by-country basis from the royalty amounts attributable to the country in question that Genocea would otherwise owe Isconova hereunder. 
  (b)        Notwithstanding anything else in this   Section 7.1.4  , any Patent Procurement Costs owed by Isconova to any other Third Party licensor pursuant to an agreement executed by Isconova prior to the Effective Date shall be borne solely by Isconova. 
  7.2        Enforcement of Patent Rights  . 
  
   41 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

7.2.1.        Notification  .  Each Party shall promptly report in writing to the other Party during the Agreement Term any (a) known or suspected infringement of any Isconova Patent Rights, Joint Patent Rights or Genocea Patent Rights claiming or relating to the Licensed Adjuvant or the Licensed Products, by a Third Party or (b) unauthorized use or misappropriation of any Confidential Information, including Isconova Technology, Joint Technology and Genocea Technology claiming or relating to the Licensed Adjuvant or Licensed Products, by a Third Party of which it becomes aware and shall provide the other Party with all available evidence supporting such infringement, or unauthorized use or misappropriation. 
  7.2.2.        Rights to Enforce  . 
  (a)        Isconova Technology  .  The following terms shall apply to all Isconova Patent Rights, Isconova Improvements and Isconova Know-How owned by Isconova and, with respect to other Isconova Technology (excluding Isconova Collaboration IP) to the extent permitted by other applicable Third Party licenses.  In respect of Licensed Products in the Territory, Isconova shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to take any reasonable measures it deems appropriate to stop infringing activities in the Field in the Territory with respect to (including initiating or prosecuting an infringement or other appropriate suit or action against any Third Party who at any time has infringed, or is suspected of infringing, or defending any declaratory judgment action with respect to) any Isconova Patent Rights claiming or relating to Licensed Products or of using without proper authorization any Isconova Know-How or Isconova Improvements.  In the event that Isconova elects not to take action pursuant to this   Section 7.2.2(a)  ,  Isconova shall so notify Genocea promptly in writing of its intention in good time to enable Genocea to meet any deadlines by which an action must be taken to establish or preserve any enforcement rights, and Genocea shall have the right, but not the obligation, to take any such reasonable measures to stop such infringing activities by such alleged infringer. 
  (b)        Isconova Collaboration IP: Joint Technology  .  The following terms shall apply to all Joint Technology and all Isconova Collaboration IP.  In respect of Licensed Products in the Territory, Genocea shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to take any reasonable measures it deems appropriate to stop infringing activities in the Field in the Territory with respect to (including initiating or prosecuting an infringement or other appropriate suit or action against any Third Party who at any time has infringed, or is suspected of infringing, or defending any declaratory judgment action with respect to) any Joint Patent Rights claiming or relating to Licensed Products or of using without proper authorization any Joint Improvements, Joint Collaboration IP or Isconova  
  
   42 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Collaboration IP.  In the event that Genocea elects not to take action pursuant to this   Section 7.2.2(b)  , Genocea shall so notify Isconova promptly in writing of its intention in good time to enable Isconova to meet any deadlines by which an action must be taken to establish or preserve any enforcement rights, and Isconova shall have the right, but not the obligation, to take any such reasonable measures to stop such infringing activities by such alleged infringer.  In any enforcement action involving Joint Technology, the Parties agree to be joined as parties to such enforcement action if necessary to enable the enforcement action. 
  (c)        Genocea Technology  .  The following terms shall apply to all Genocea Patent Rights, Genocea Improvements, Genocea Collaboration IP and Genocea Know How owned by Genocea and, with respect to other Genocea Technology, to the extent permitted by the applicable licenses.  Genocea shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to take any reasonable measures it deems appropriate to stop infringing activities in the Field in the Territory, including initiating or prosecuting an infringement or other appropriate suit or action against any Third Party who at any time has infringed, or is suspected of infringing, or defending any declaratory judgment action with respect to, any Genocea Patent Rights claiming or relating to Licensed Products or of using without proper authorization any Genocea Know-How, Genocea Improvements or Genocea Collaboration IP. 
  7.2.3.        Procedures: Expenses and Recoveries  .  The Party having the right to initiate any infringement suit under   Section 7.2.2(a)   or   7.22(b)   above shall have the sole and exclusive right to select counsel for any such suit (which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the other Party) and shall pay all expenses of the suit, including attorneys  fees and court costs and reimbursement of the other Party s reasonable out-of-pocket expense in rendering assistance requested by the initiating Party.  If required under Applicable Law in order for the initiating Party to initiate or maintain such suit, or if either Party is unable to initiate or prosecute such suit solely in its own name or it is otherwise advisable to obtain an effective legal remedy, in each case, the other Party shall join as a party to the suit and shall execute and cause its Affiliates to execute all documents necessary for the initiating Party to initiate litigation to prosecute and maintain such action.  The initiating Party will keep the other Party reasonably informed of the status of the infringement suit.  At the initiating Party s request, the other Party shall provide reasonable assistance to the initiating Party in connection with an infringement suit at no charge to the initiating Party except for reimbursement by the initiating Party of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in rendering such assistance.  The non-initiating Party may participate and be represented in any such suit by its own counsel at its own expense.  If the Parties obtain from a Third Party, in connection with such suit under   Section 7.2.2(a)   or   7.2.2(b)  , any damages, license fees,  
  
   43 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

royalties or other compensation (including any amount received in settlement of such litigation), such amounts shall be allocated as follows: 
  (a)        to reimburse each Party for all expenses of the suit, including attorneys  fees and disbursements, court costs and other litigation expenses; and 
  (b)        eighty percent (80%) of the balance will be paid to the initiating Party and the remaining balance shall be paid to the non-initiating Party. 
  7.3        Claimed Infringement of Third Party Rights  . 
  7.3.1.        Notice  .  In the event that a Third Party at any time provides written notice of a claim to, or brings an action, suit or proceeding against, any Party, or any of their respective Affiliates or Sublicensees, claiming infringement of such Third Party s patent rights or unauthorized use or misappropriation of its know-how based upon an assertion or claim arising out of the Development, Manufacture or Commercialization of a Licensed Product in the Territory (   Infringement Claim   ), such Party shall promptly notify the other Party of the Infringement Claim or the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding, enclosing a copy of the Infringement Claim and all papers served.  Each Party agrees to make available to the other Party its advice and counsel regarding the technical merits of any such claim at no cost to the other Party and to offer reasonable assistance to the other Party at no cost to the other Party. 
  7.3.2.        Right to Defend  .  Genocea shall have the right, but not the obligation, to defend any Infringement Claim brought against Genocea or its Affiliates or Sublicensees arising out of the Development, Manufacture or Commercialization of a Licensed Product in the Territory.  With respect to any such Infringement Claim brought against Isconova or its Affiliates, Isconova shall notify Genocea, and the Parties, in good faith, shall determine who should defend such suit.  All litigation costs and expenses incurred by the Defending Party (as defined below) in connection with such Infringement Claim, and all damages, payments and other amounts awarded against, or payable by, either Party under any settlement with such Third Party shall be borne by the Defending Party, 
  7.3.3.        Procedure  .  The Party having the obligation or first right to defend an Infringement Claim shall be referred to as the    Defending Party  .   The Defending Party shall have the sole and exclusive right to select counsel for any Infringement Claim;   provided   that such counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the other Party.  The Defending Party shall keep the other Party fully informed of any such claims, shall consult with the other Party with respect to the strategy and conduct of any defense of such claims, and shall provide the other Party with copies of all documents filed in, and all written communications relating to, any suit brought in connection with such claims,  
  
   44 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

which copies of documents filed or communications sent by the Defending Party will be provided in advance of filing or sending.  The other Party may provide comments and suggestions with respect to any material actions to be taken by the Defending Party, and the Defending Party shall reasonably consider all comments and suggestions and shall take all prosecution actions reasonably recommended by the other Party.  The other Party may also participate and be represented in any such claim or related suit, at its own expense.  The other Party shall have the sole and exclusive right to control the defense of an Infringement Claim in the event the Defending Party fails to exercise its right to assume such defense within thirty (30) days following written notice from the other Party of such Infringement Claim.  No Party shall settle any claims or suits involving rights of another Party (or rights of such Party to the extent they are licensed to such other Party) without obtaining the prior written consent of such other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
  7.3.4.        Limitations  .  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN   SECTION 10.6  , THE FOREGOING STATES THE ENTIRE RESPONSIBILITY OF ISCONOVA AND GENOCEA, AND THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF ISCONOVA OR GENOCEA, AS THE CASE MAY BE, IN THE CASE OF ANY CLAIMED INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY PATENT RIGHTS OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY THIRD PARTY S KNOW-HOW. 
  7.4        Other Infringement Resolutions  .  In the event of a dispute or potential dispute that has not ripened into a demand, claim or suit of the types described in   Sections 7.2   and   7.3   of this Agreement (  e.g.  , actions seeking declaratory judgments and revocation proceedings), the same principles governing control of the resolution of the dispute, consent to settlements of the dispute, and implementation of the settlement of the dispute shall apply. 
  7.5        Product Trademarks   Product Designation  .  Genocea shall select and own the Product Trademarks for each Licensed Product and shall be solely responsible for filing and maintaining the Product Trademarks in the Territory.  Genocea shall assume full responsibility, at its sole cost and expense, for any infringement of a Product Trademark for a Licensed Product by a Third Party (and shall retain in full any recoveries for such infringement) and shall defend and indemnify Isconova for and against any claims of infringement of the rights of a Third Party by Isconova s use of a Product Trademark in connection with a Licensed Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  In addition, Genocea shall have the right to select the product designation or generic name for the Licensed Product. 
  7.6        Marking  .  Each Party agrees to mark, and to require any Affiliate or Sublicensee, to mark any Licensed Product (or their containers or labels) made, sold, or otherwise distributed by it or them with any notice of patent rights necessary or desirable under Applicable Law to enable  
  
   45 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

the Licensed Patent Rights to be enforced to their full extent in any country where Licensed Products are made, used, sold, or offered for sale. 
  7.7        Patent Term Extensions  .  The Parties shall use reasonable efforts to obtain all available supplementary protection certificates (   SPC   ) and other extensions of the Isconova Patent Rights and Joint Patent Rights (including those available under the Hatch-Waxman Act).  Each Party shall execute such authorizations and other documents and take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by the other Party to obtain such extensions.  The Parties shall cooperate with each other in gaining patent term restorations, extensions or SPCs wherever applicable to Isconova Patent Rights or Joint Patent Rights.  The Party first eligible to seek patent term restoration or extension of any such Patent Rights or any SPC related thereto may do so;   provided   that, if in any country the first Party has an option to extend the patent term for only one of several patents, the first Party shall consult with the other Party before making the election.  If more than one patent is eligible for extension or patent term restoration, the Parties shall select in good faith a strategy that shall maximize patent protection and commercial value for each Licensed Product.  All filings for such extensions and certificates shall be made by the Party to whom responsibility for Prosecution of the Isconova Patent Rights or Joint Patent Rights are assigned;   provided   that, in the event that the Party to whom such responsibility is assigned elects not to file for an extension or SPC, such Party shall (a) inform the other Party of its intention not to file, (b) grant the other Party the right to file for such extension or SPC in the Patent Rights  owner s name, and (c) provide all necessary assistance in connection therewith. 
  ARTICLE 8          CONFIDENTIALITY 
  8.1        Confidential Information  . 
  8.1.1.        Confidentiality  .  All Confidential Information disclosed by a Party to the other Party during the Agreement Term shall be used by the receiving Party solely in connection with the activities contemplated by this Agreement, shall be maintained in confidence by the receiving Party and, except as set forth in this   ARTICLE 8  , shall not otherwise be disclosed by the receiving Party to any other person, firm, or agency, governmental or private, without the prior written consent of the disclosing Party.  Isconova and Genocea each agrees that it shall provide Confidential Information received from the other Party only to its employees, consultants and advisors, and to the employees, consultants and advisors of such Party s Affiliates or Sublicensees, and Third Parties acting on behalf of such Party, who have both (i) a need to know such Confidential Information in order to perform activities pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) an obligation, which shall be no less stringent than those obligations contained in this   ARTICLE 8  , to treat such information and materials as confidential.  Each Party shall be  
  
   46 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

responsible for a breach of this   ARTICLE 8   by its Affiliates, Sublicensee, Third Parties acting on behalf of such Party, and their respective employees, consultants and advisors.  All obligations of confidentiality imposed under this   ARTICLE 8   shall expire seven (7) years following termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
  8.1.2.        Authorized Disclosure  .  Notwithstanding the provisions of   Section 8.1.1   and   Section 8.2  , each Party may disclose Confidential Information belonging to the other Party to the extent such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: 
  (a)        comply with Applicable Laws; 
  (b)        Prosecute patent applications as contemplated by this Agreement; 
  (c)        defend or prosecute litigation in accordance with   ARTICLE 7  ;   provided   that the receiving Party provides prior written notice of such disclosure to the disclosing Party and takes reasonable and lawful actions to avoid or minimize the degree of such disclosure; 
  (d)        make filings and submissions to, or correspond or communicate with, any Regulatory Authority or clinical registry, including for purposes of obtaining authorizations to conduct clinical trials of, and to Commercialize, Licensed Products pursuant to this Agreement; and 
  (e)        exercise its rights hereunder;   provided   such disclosure is covered by terms of confidentiality similar to those set forth herein. 
  In the event a Party shall deem it reasonably necessary to disclose Confidential Information belonging to the other Party pursuant to this   Section 8.1.2  , such Party shall to the extent possible give reasonable advance notice of such disclosure to the other Party and take reasonable measures to ensure confidential treatment of such information. 
  8.1.3.        Additional Authorized Use of Confidential Information  .  The Parties acknowledge that they each may engage in fundraising activities with private investors.  In such event, the Parties may disclose the existence of this Agreement, including its terms and subject matter, under terms of confidentiality no less strict than those contained in this Agreement, to such investors or potential investors in or potential licensees of the disclosing Party conducting due diligence in each instance. 
  8.2        Publication Review  .  Except as required by law, from and after the Effective Date, and subject to   Section 3.2.1  , Genocea shall have the sole right to publish or present the results of any work relating to the Licensed Products in the Field. 
  
   47 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

8.3        Public Announcements and Use of Names  .  No disclosure of the existence of, or the terms of, this Agreement, including the names of the Parties, may be made by either Party, and no Party shall use the name, trademark, trade name or logo of the other Party or its employees in any publicity, news release or disclosure relating to this Agreement or its subject matter, in each case, without the prior written permission of the other Party, which permission shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and except as may be required by law, governmental regulations, or valid order of a court or other governmental authority, or by stock market regulations or expressly permitted by the terms hereof, including   Section 8.1.2  , and except that either Party may disclose the existence and terms of this Agreement, including the names of the Parties, to any potential partner or investor under appropriate terms of confidentiality.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Genocea, in its sole discretion, may determine the timing and content of any press release with respect to activities conducted hereunder beginning with the Phase 1 Clinical Trials with respect to each Licensed Product and all activities thereafter;   provided   that Genocea may not use Isconova s name in any such press release without the prior written consent of Isconova, except for the limited purpose of identifying Isconova as the licensor of the Licensed Technology. 
  ARTICLE 9          TERM AND TERMINATION 
  9.1        Term  .  The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and expire, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with this   ARTICLE 9   or   Section 6.11  , on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country-by-country basis, upon the expiration of the Royalty Term with respect to the sale of such Licensed Product in such country in the Territory.  Upon the expiration of this Agreement pursuant to this   Section 9.1  , all licenses granted by Isconova under this Agreement for such Licensed Product in such country shall become fully paid-up, perpetual, non-exclusive, sublicensable (subject to   Section 3.1.5  ).  irrevocable, royalty-free licenses. 
  9.2        Termination for Cause  .  Except as otherwise set forth in this Section, either Party may terminate this Agreement, in its entirety or, at the terminating Party s option, on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product or country-by-country basis, at any time during the term of this Agreement upon written notice to the other Party if such Party (the    Breaching Party   ) is in breach of its material obligations hereunder and has not cured such breach within [* * *] days after notice requesting cure of the breach;   provided     that  , notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a breach of a material obligation that is capable of being cured, but is not reasonably capable of being cured within the [* * *]-day cure period, if the Breaching Party (i) proposes within such [* * *]-day period a written plan to cure such breach within a defined time frame, (ii) makes Commercially Reasonable Efforts to cure such default and to implement such written cure plan, then the non-breaching Party may not terminate this Agreement until: (i) after an additional [* * *]-day period following the [* * *]-day cure period or (ii) until the Breaching Party ceases,  
  
   48 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

in the other Party s sole reasonable opinion, to diligently pursue such cure in accordance with such plan, whichever occurs first.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Genocea breaches its obligations under   Section 5.4.4   of this Agreement and such breach is not cured within the applicable periods set forth in this Section, Isconova s sole remedy as a result of such breach shall be to convert the license granted pursuant to   Section 3.1.1   from an exclusive license to a non-exclusive license for that portion of the Exclusive Field with respect to which Genocea has breached such   Section 5.4.4   (i.e.  HSV or Chlamydia, as applicable).  Isconova acknowledges that a material breach by Isconova of its obligations under   Sections 4.2   or   6.8   (and such breach is not cured within the applicable periods set forth in this Section) shall be deemed a breach by Isconova of its material obligations hereunder, without limiting other breaches of this Agreement being deemed a breach of Isconova s material obligations hereunder, 
  9.3        Termination on Insolvency  .  This Agreement may be terminated upon written notice of a Party to the other Party (the    Insolvent Party   ) at any time during the Agreement Term upon the filing or institution of bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership proceedings, or upon an assignment of a substantial portion of the assets for the benefit of creditors by the Insolvent Party;   provided  ,   however  , that in the event of any involuntary bankruptcy or receivership proceeding such right to terminate shall only become effective if the Insolvent Party consents to the involuntary bankruptcy or receivership or such proceeding is not dismissed within [* * *] days after the filing thereof. 
  9.4        Termination for Challenge  .  In the event that Genocea or any of its Affiliates commences any proceeding which seeks to have any of the Isconova Patent Rights revoked or declared invalid, un-patentable, or unenforceable, Isconova may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Genocea. 
  9.5        Termination for Convenience  .  At any time, Genocea may terminate this Agreement, on a country-by-country or Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product basis or in its entirety, for any reason, upon [* * *] days  advance written notice to Isconova.  Such termination shall not give rise to the payment of any penalty, damages or indemnity by Genocea and aside from those obligations explicitly intended to survive termination of this Agreement set forth in   Section 9.10   below, upon such termination Genocea shall have no further obligations to Isconova hereunder. 
  9.6        Effects of Termination  . 
  9.6.1.        Termination by Isconova  .  Without limiting any other legal or equitable remedies that Isconova may have, if Isconova terminates this Agreement in accordance with   Section 9.2  ,   Section 9.3   or   Section 9.4  , then (i) all licenses granted to Genocea under this Agreement shall terminate, (ii) the licenses granted to Isconova under   Section 3.2   shall continue in perpetuity, (iii) Isconova shall have the right to immediately terminate the Supply and Manufacturing Agreement pursuant to   Section 6.2(a)   of such agreement; and  
  
   49 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

(iv) any tangible manifestations and embodiments of Isconova s Confidential Information provided by or on behalf of Isconova pursuant to this Agreement shall be promptly returned by Genocea to Isconova or destroyed by Genocea. 
  9.6.2.        Termination by Genocea for Material Breach  .  Without limiting any other legal or equitable remedies that Genocea may have, if Isconova is the Breaching Party and Genocea terminates this Agreement in accordance with   Section 9.2  , then (i) the license granted to Isconova pursuant to   Section 3.2   shall terminate, (ii) the licenses granted to Genocea under   Section 3.1   shall continue in perpetuity;   provided     that   Genocea will remain bound by its obligations hereunder with respect to records, audit and indemnity, (iii) all future royalties payable by Genocea under this Agreement shall be reduced by [* * *], (iv) Genocea shall have the right to immediately terminate the Supply and Manufacturing Agreement pursuant to   Section 6.2(a)   of such agreement (with the effect that   Section 6.3(c)   of such agreement shall apply); (v) Genocea shall have no obligation to pay any milestones arising under this Agreement after the effective date of such termination; (vi) Isconova shall continue to be solely responsible for all royally, milestone, and other payments owed to any other third party licensor pursuant to an agreement executed by Isconova prior to the Effective Date and (vii) any tangible manifestations or embodiments of Genocea s Confidential Information provided by or behalf of Genocea pursuant to this Agreement shall be promptly returned by Isconova to Genocea or destroyed by Isconova. 
  9.6.3.        Termination by Genocea for Insolvency  .  Without limiting any other legal or equitable remedies that Genocea may have, if Isconova is the Insolvent Party and Genocea terminates this Agreement in accordance with   Section 9.3  , then (i) the license granted to Isconova pursuant to   Section 3.2   shall terminate, (ii) the licenses granted to Genocea under   Section 3.1  , shall continue, in perpetuity, provided that Genocea will remain bound by its obligations hereunder with respect to payment of royalty, milestones, records, audit and indemnity; (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, Genocea s rights and Isconova s obligations under   Section 6.8   shall survive; (iv) Isconova shall continue to be solely responsible for all royalty, milestone, and other payments owed to any other third party licensor pursuant to an agreement executed by Isconova prior to the Effective Date and (v) any tangible manifestations or embodiments of Genocea s Confidential Information provided by or behalf of Genocea pursuant to this Agreement shall be promptly returned by Isconova to Genocea or destroyed by Isconova. 
  9.6.4.        Other Effects of Termination  .  In the event that, with respect to a particular country and/or Licensed Product, Isconova terminates this Agreement for cause under   Section 9.2   or   Section 9.3   or Genocea terminates this Agreement for convenience under  
  
   50 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Section 9.5  , all licenses granted to Genocea under this Agreement with respect to the applicable country or Licensed Product shall terminate. 
  9.7        Sell-Down  .  If Genocea, its Affiliates or Sublicensees at the time of termination of this Agreement for any reason possess Licensed Product, have started the Manufacture thereof or have accepted orders therefor, Genocea, its Affiliates or Sublicensees shall have the right, for up to one (1) year following the date of termination, to sell their inventories thereof, complete the Manufacture thereof and Commercialize such fully-Manufactured Licensed Product, in order to fulfill such accepted orders or distribute such fully-Manufactured Licensed Product, subject to the obligation of Genocea to pay Isconova the royalty payments as provided in   ARTICLE 6   of this Agreement. 
  9.8        Transfer of Records  .  Upon expiration of this Agreement or in the event that Genocea terminates this Agreement for cause under   Section 9.2  , Isconova will continue to maintain all records described in   Section 4.5   or transfer them to Genocea, as requested by Genocea. 
  9.9        Rights in Bankruptcy  .  All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement by Isconova or Genocea, including those set forth in   ARTICLE 3  , are, and shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or analogous provisions of Applicable Law outside the United States, licenses of right to  intellectual property  as defined under Section 101 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or analogous provisions of Applicable Law outside the United States (hereinafter    IP   ).  The Parties agree that Genocea or Isconova, as applicable, as licensee of such rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any other provisions of Applicable Law outside the United States that provide similar protection for IP.  Upon the bankruptcy of Isconova or Genocea, the non-bankrupt Party shall further be entitled to a complete duplicate of (or complete access to, as appropriate) any such IP, and such IP, if not already in such Party s possession, shall be promptly delivered to such Party. 
  9.10        Effect of Expiration or Termination; Survival  .  Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the Parties of any obligation accruing prior to such expiration or termination.  The provisions of   ARTICLE 8   (  Confidentiality  ),   ARTICLE 9   (  Term and Termination  ),   ARTICLE 11   (  Miscellaneous Provisions  ) and   Sections 3.3   (  Ownership of Improvements/Collaboration IP  ),   10.4   (  Warranty Disclaimer  ),   10.5   (  No Consequential Damages  ),   10.6   (  Indemnification and Insurance  ), as well as   Sections 7.1   (  Prosecution of Patent Rights  ),   7.2   (  Enforcement of Patent Rights  ),   7.3   (  Claimed Infringement of Third Party Rights  ) and   7.5   (  Product Trademarks   Product Designation  ) shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.  Any expiration or early termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to the rights of either Party against the other accrued or accruing under this Agreement before termination. 
  
   51 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

ARTICLE 10          REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNIFICATION 
  10.1        Mutual Representations and Warranties  .  Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date: 
  10.1.1.        It is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and has full corporate or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions hereof.  Further, except for any Regulatory Approvals, pricing or reimbursement approvals, manufacturing approvals or similar approvals necessary for the Development, Manufacture or Commercialization of the Licensed Products, all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of all government authorities required to be obtained by such Party as of the Effective Date in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been obtained by the Effective Date; 
  10.1.2.        It is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder, and the person or persons executing this Agreement on its behalf has been duly authorized to do so by all requisite corporate action; 
  10.1.3.        This Agreement is legally binding upon it and enforceable in accordance with its terms.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not conflict with any agreement, instrument or understanding, oral or written, to which it is a party and by which it may be bound; and 
  10.1.4.        It shall at all times comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relating to its activities under this Agreement. 
  10.2        Isconova Representations and Warranties  .  Isconova hereby represents and warrants to Genocea that as of the Effective Date: 
  10.2.1.        Isconova has disclosed to Genocea (i) information and documents in its possession relating to all allegations made against Isconova and its Affiliate AdVet AB by the Australian company CSL Ltd.  (   CSL   ) regarding the Licensed Technology (the    CSL Allegations   ) and (ii) that the so-called Iscom IV patents (EP 0436620B1, W09003184, US5679354 and filings related thereto) (collectively herein the    620 Patents   ) and the patent publication W09611711 and patents related thereto (the    703 Patents   ) are proprietary to CSL and that Isconova does not Control the  620  or  703  Patents nor otherwise has any rights to grant licenses under the  620 Patents  or  703 Patents  for human use, including within the Field.  Isconova has disclosed to Genocea all material information relating to the  620 Patents and  703 Patents, and the CSL Allegations that were in Isconova s possession as of the Effective Date, and that any  
  
   52 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

documents relating to the CSL Allegations against Isconova and its Affiliate AdVet AB contain accurate information on the claims alleged by CSL against Isconova and its Affiliates on or prior to the Effective Date, and that Isconova has not omitted any material documents relating to the correspondence between Isconova s and CSL s attorneys in this matter.  Except for claims made in the CSL Allegations regarding the  620 Patent  and the  703 Patent , the practice of the Matrix-A, Matrix-C and Matrix-M technologies by Isconova and by Genocea in accordance with the terms of this Agreement does not infringe the Patent Rights of any Third Party. 
  10.2.2.        Isconova solely owns or has an exclusive license in the Field to the Isconova Patent Rights existing as of the Effective Date and is entitled to grant the licenses specified herein.  Isconova has not previously assigned, transferred, conveyed or otherwise encumbered its right, title and interest in the Licensed Technology in a manner that conflicts with any rights granted to Genocea hereunder.  During the Agreement Term, Isconova shall not encumber the rights granted to Genocea hereunder with respect to the Licensed Patent Rights in a manner that conflicts with any right granted to Genocea hereunder. 
  10.2.3.        Except for the CSL Allegations, Isconova has not received any claims from a Third Party that the Licensed Patent Rights or the use thereof in the Field infringes or shall infringe any Third Party patent or other proprietary right. 
  10.2.4.        Other than as set forth above in relation to the CSL Allegations, the  620 Patents  and the  703 Patents , there are no claims, judgments or settlements against or owed by Isconova or its Affiliates or pending or threatened claims or litigation relating to the Licensed Technology that would impact activities under this Agreement. 
  10.2.5.        As of the Effective Date, neither Isconova, any of its respective employees, its Affiliates nor its agents, in their capacity as such, have been disqualified or debarred by the FDA, pursuant to 21 U.S.C.     335(a) or (b), or been charged with or convicted under United States law for conduct relating to the development or approval, or otherwise relating to the regulation of any Licensed Product under the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992, or any other relevant law, rule, or regulation or been disbarred, disqualified, or convicted under or for any equivalent or similar applicable foreign law, rule, or regulation. 
  10.2.6.        The Isconova Patent Rights have been filed and diligently prosecuted in accordance with all Applicable Laws in the Territory and have been maintained, with all applicable fees with respect thereto having been paid. 
  
   53 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

10.2.7.        Each of the issued Isconova Patent Rights is valid and enforceable.  Isconova does, however, not give any representations or warranties that any patent applications in the Licensed Patent Right will grant. 
  10.3        Genocea Representations and Warranties  .  Genocea represents and warrants to Isconova that as of the Effective Date, and to the best knowledge of Genocea or its Affiliates, there are no claims, judgments or settlements against or owed by Genocea or its Affiliates or pending or threatened claims or litigation relating to the Genocea Technology that would impact activities under this Agreement. 
  10.4        Warranty Disclaimer  .  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR EXTENDS ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY TECHNOLOGY OR OTHER SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOREGOING.  EACH PARTY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE DEVELOPMENT, MANUFACTURE OR COMMERCIALIZATION OF ANY LICENSED PRODUCT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE SUCCESSFUL. 
  10.5        No Consequential Damages  .  NEITHER PARTY HERETO SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE EXERCISE OF ITS RIGHTS HEREUNDER, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF SUCH DAMAGES.  NOTHING IN THIS   SECTION 10.5   IS INTENDED TO LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF EITHER PARTY OR TO LIMIT A PARTY S LIABILITY FOR BREACHES OF ITS OBLIGATION REGARDING CONFIDENTIALITY UNDER   ARTICLE 8  . 
  10.6        Indemnification and Insurance  . 
  10.6.1.        Indemnification by Genocea  .  Genocea shall indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Isconova, its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (collectively, the    Isconova Indemnitees   ) from and against any and all Third Party claims, suits, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, fees and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses of litigation and costs for enforcing this indemnity) (collectively, the    Losses   ) to the extent arising out of or resulting from (a) any material breach of any representation or warranty made by Genocea in this Agreement, or any material breach of any covenant or  
  
   54 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

agreement of Genocea in or pursuant to this Agreement or (b) any claims of any nature relating to Development, Manufacturing, and Commercialization activities performed by, on behalf of or under the authority of Genocea, its Affiliates or Sublicensees under this Agreement with the exception of those activities performed by Isconova pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Genocea shall have no obligation to indemnify the Isconova Indemnitees to the extent that the Losses arise out of or result from, directly or indirectly, any breach of, or inaccuracy in, any representation or warranty made by Isconova in this Agreement, or any breach or violation of any covenant or agreement of Isconova in or pursuant to this Agreement, or the negligence or willful misconduct by or of any of the Isconova Indemnitees. 
  10.6.2.        Indemnification by Isconova  .  Isconova shall indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Genocea, its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (   Genocea Indemnitees   ) from and against any and all Losses to the extent arising out of or resulting from (a) any material breach of any representation or warranty made by Isconova in this Agreement, or any material breach of any covenant or agreement of Isconova in or pursuant to this Agreement or (b) any claims of any nature relating to any activities performed by, on behalf of or under the authority of Isconova under this Agreement with the exception of those activities performed by Genocea pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Isconova shall have no obligation to indemnify the Genocea Indemnitees to the extent that the Losses arise out of or result from, directly or indirectly, any breach of, or inaccuracy in, any representation or warranty made by Genocea in this Agreement, or any breach or violation of any covenant or agreement of Genocea in or pursuant to this Agreement, or the negligence or willful misconduct by or of any of the Genocea Indemnitees. 
  10.6.3.        Indemnification Procedure  .  In the event of any such claim against any Genocea Indemnitee or Isconova Indemnitee (individually, an    Indemnitee   ), the indemnified Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of the claim and the indemnifying Party shall manage and control, at its sole expense, the defense of the claim and its settlement.  The Indemnitee shall cooperate with the indemnifying Party and may, at its option and expense, be represented in any such action or proceeding.  The indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlements, litigation costs or expenses incurred by any Indemnitee without the indemnifying Party s prior written authorization.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the indemnifying Party believes that any of the exceptions to its obligation of indemnification of the Indemnitees set forth in   Section 10.6.1   or   10.6.2   may apply, the indemnifying Party shall promptly notify the Indemnitees, which may be represented in any such action or proceeding by separate counsel at their expense;   provided   that the indemnifying Party shall be responsible for payment of such expenses if the Indemnitees are ultimately determined to be entitled to  
  
   55 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

indemnification from the indemnifying Party.  Any other provision of this   ARTICLE 10   to the contrary, no Indemnitee under this Agreement shall be required to waive a conflict of interest under any applicable rules of professional ethics or responsibility if such waiver would be required for a single law firm to defend both the indemnifying Party and one or more Indemnitees.  In such case, the indemnifying Party shall provide a defense of the affected Indemnitees through a separate law firm reasonably acceptable to the affected Indemnitees at the indemnifying Party s expense. 
  10.6.4.        Joint Defendants  .  If a product liability suit is brought against either Party relating in any way to a Licensed Product, and it is not clear from the allegations in the complaint or the known facts surrounding the allegations in the complaint as to whether a claim exists for which there is a right of indemnification pursuant to   Section 10.6.1   or   10.6.2   above, then Genocea shall be responsible for controlling the defense of such suit in the first instance.  During such period that Genocea is controlling such defense, with regard to the costs of such defense, including attorneys  fees, Genocea and Isconova each shall be responsible for 50% of all such costs.  No settlement, consent judgment or other voluntary final disposition of any such suit may be entered into without the prior written consent of Isconova, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  If, at any time in the course of such suit, it becomes apparent from discovery or otherwise that a claim exists for which indemnification may be obtained in accordance with   Section 10.6.1   or   10.6.2   above, then the indemnification provisions of either   Section 10.6.1   or above, whichever is applicable, and the indemnification procedures of   Section 10.6.3   shall become applicable and govern further proceedings in the suit. 
  10.6.5.        Insurance  .  As of the Effective Date and throughout the term of this Agreement, each Party shall procure and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, commercial general liability insurance to cover its indemnification obligation under   Section 10.6.1   or   10.6.2   above, as applicable in amounts not less than US$ [* * *] per incident and US$ [* * *] annual aggregate.  Such insurance shall be procured with carriers having an A.M.  Best Rating of A-VII or better.  The minimum amounts of insurance coverage required under this   Section 10.6.5   shall not be construed to create a limit on Genocea s and Isconova s liability with respect to their respective indemnification obligations under   Sections 10.6.1   and   10.6.2   above. 
  ARTICLE 11          MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
  11.1        Option to Acquire Isconova s Human Business  .  Isconova grants to Genocea an exclusive option to negotiate during a period of nine (9) months from the Effective Date an agreement under which Genocea would acquire the entire rights and operations of Isconova s business in the human field.  Isconova  business in the human field means the development,  
  
   56 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

manufacture, marketing and sales, of Isconova adjuvant technology for the use in human vaccines and the research, development and commercialization of human vaccines using Isconova adjuvant technology.  During this nine-month option period, the Parties undertake to negotiate, in good faith, such agreement.  The parties shall aim to meet in person (or by telephone) within thirty (30) days from the date when Genocea has provided a proposal to Isconova.  Both Parties agree to be well prepared for such negotiations with a view to discuss with an open mind the merging of Genocea with Isconova s human business.  To the extent practically possible, the Parties shall do their best to procure that majority shareholders participate in the negotiations.  For the avoidance of doubt, the undertaking in this   Section 11.1   does not constitute a binding commitment on the Parties to enter into an agreement regarding the transactions contemplated herein.  There will be no agreement between the Parties with respect to the transactions set forth in this   Section 11.1   until the receipt of all necessary management approvals of Isconova and Genocea and execution of a mutually acceptable definitive agreement by the Parties. 
  11.2        Change of Control of Isconova  .  During the Agreement Term, Isconova shall, upon becoming aware of a process or negotiation that may lead to a Change of Control of Isconova, including but not limited to an unsolicited Third Party proposal regarding a potential Change of Control of Isconova or any decision by Isconova s shareholders, Board of Directors and/or officers to commence a process or negotiation that may lead to a Change of Control of Isconova, immediately notify Genocea in writing of any such circumstance.  Such written notice shall include, if available and applicable, the identity of the proposed Third Party who would take action to cause the Change of Control of Isconova and the terms of any offer(s).  Isconova shall allow Genocea and/or its Affiliates to make a competing or initial offer to enter into a Change of Control transaction with Isconova and Isconova shall reasonably and in good faith evaluate such offer.  In addition, if at any time during the Agreement Term, (i) Genocea and/or its Affiliates makes an unsolicited proposal to Isconova regarding a potential Change of Control of Isconova, and (ii) pays to Isconova an exclusive negotiation fee of U.S. Dollars [* * *], Isconova agrees that, during the 180-day period following such request (the    LockUp Period   ), Isconova will exclusively negotiate with Genocea and/or its Affiliates in good faith the terms of a definitive agreement that would cause Genocea or its Affiliates to enter into a transaction with Isconova that would result in a Change of Control of Isconova;   provided     that   only one such lock up period may occur during the Term of this Agreement and   provided     further  ,   that   any offer made by Genocea in response to Isconova s notice delivered pursuant to the terms of this   Section 11.1   shall not initiate a Lock-Up Period.  Genocea acknowledges that any acceptance of an offer by Genocea and/or its Affiliates under this   Section 11.1   shall be subject to Isconova s receipt of necessary shareholder approval to such offer. 
  11.3        Dispute Resolution; Governing Law  . 
  
   57 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

11.3.1.        Disputes  .  Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, in the event of any dispute arising under this Agreement between the Parties, the Parties may refer such dispute to the respective Executive Officers, and such Executive Officers shall attempt in good faith to resolve such dispute.  If the Parties are unable to resolve a given dispute pursuant to this   Section 11.3.1   within sixty (60) days of referring such dispute to the Executive Officers, either Party shall be free to pursue any remedy that may be available to it at law or in equity. 
  11.3.2.        Jurisdiction  .  All disputes arising out of or in connection with the present contract shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one (1) arbitrator appointed in accordance with the said Rules.  The arbitrator may grant injunctive or other relief in such dispute or controversy.  The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Parties to the arbitration.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s decision in any court of competent jurisdiction.  The Parties agree that, any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, they will not request and the arbitrator shall have no authority to award, punitive or exemplary damages against either Party.  The costs of the arbitration, including administrative and arbitrator s fees, as well as the other Party s reasonable attorneys  fees and expert witness fees shall be borne by the losing Party.  Nothing in this   Section 11.3.2   shall preclude either Party from seeking interim or provisional relief in the form of a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim relief concerning a dispute prior to or during an arbitration pursuant to this   Section 11.3.2   necessary to protect the interests of such Party.  If the arbitration is initiated by Isconova, the place of arbitration shall be Boston, MA, USA, and if the arbitration is initiated by Genocea, the place of the arbitration shall be Stockholm, Sweden.  The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English. 
  11.3.3.        Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be construed and the respective rights of the Parties determined according to the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts notwithstanding the provisions governing conflict of laws under such Massachusetts law to the contrary. 
  11.4        Assignment  .  Except as provided in this   Section 11.4  , this Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred, nor may any right or obligation hereunder be assigned or transferred, by either Party without the consent of the other Party;   provided  ,   however  , that without the other Party s consent, (i) Genocea may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part to an Affiliate or pursuant to a Change of Control of Genocea, (ii) Isconova may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part to a wholly-owned Affiliate subsidiary of Isconova;   provided   that Isconova shall guarantee and remain responsible for the performance and all obligations of such Affiliate assignee under this Agreement, and that such Affiliate assignee shall in no event assign this  
  
   58 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part, including, without limitation to an Affiliate or pursuant to a Change of Control, without Genocea s prior written consent which shall be conditioned in part on Genocea s reasonable satisfaction that the assignee has sufficient reasonable resources to comply with all of Isconova s obligations under this Agreement and (iii) Isconova may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part pursuant to a Change of Control of Isconova;   provided  ,   however  , that Genocea s prior written consent must be obtained to Isconova s assignment of this Agreement or any of Isconova s rights and/or obligations hereunder to an entity or an affiliate of an entity who has announced the development and/or commercialization of, or Isconova is aware is developing and/or commercializing, a product for the treatment, prevention and/or modulation of a Disease Field.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties agree that the condition in clause (ii) above which allows Genocea to withhold consent to an assignment if Genocea is not reasonably satisfied with the assignee s capabilities to meet its obligations hereunder does not allow Genocea to unreasonably withhold or delay its consent to an assignment of this Agreement by an Affiliate assignee of Isconova in a bona-fide transaction, such as a restructuring and/or exit of Isconova s human business (e.g. trough a major trade sale, initial public offering, venture capital investment).  To the extent that the assigning Party survives as a legal entity, the assigning Party shall remain responsible for the performance by its assignee of this Agreement or any obligations hereunder so assigned to such assignee;   provided  , that any assigning Party hereunder shall not be bound by this obligation in the event where an assignee has, to the non-assigning Party s reasonable satisfaction, sufficient reasonable resources to comply with all of the assigning Party s obligations under this Agreement.  In addition, Isconova shall not assign any interest in the Licensed Technology to any Third Party or Affiliate, and Genocea shall not assign any interest in the Joint Technology to any Third Party or Affiliate, unless such assignee agrees in writing that such assignment is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the rights granted to Genocea and Isconova, respectively, hereunder. 
  By way of non-limiting example of the application of this   Section 11.4  , Isconova may wish to reorganize and divide its business into a human business and a veterinary business, and, for this purpose, Isconova may set up a wholly-owned subsidiary (   NewCo   ).  In that case, Isconova would be entitled to assign the Agreement and its rights and obligations thereunder in whole or in part to NewCo without needing Genocea s prior consent.  Following such assignment, Isconova would guarantee NewCo s performance under the Agreement as if Isconova had remained a party to the Agreement.  Isconova would be precluded from subsequently transferring a majority of the shares in NewCo to a Third Party without Genocea s prior consent.  Likewise, NewCo would be precluded from assigning the Agreement to Third Party without Genocea s prior consent.  Genocea would be precluded from unreasonably withholding or delaying its consent as described above if the transaction is a bona fide transaction.  In this particular case, Isconova would remain bound by its guarantee on behalf of NewCo until NewCo or a purchaser and/or assignee of NewCo would have, to Genocea s reasonable satisfaction, sufficient reasonable resources to comply with all of Isconova s/NewCo s obligations under the Agreement.  Thus,  
  
   59 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Isconova would be released from this guarantee (i) upon Genocea s consent to (a) an assignment by NewCo of the Agreement to a Third Party or (b) Change of Control of NewCo (e.g. a transfer of the majority of the shares of NewCo to a Third Party), or (ii) in the event that NewCo would receive, to Genocea s reasonable satisfaction, sufficient reasonable resources to comply with all of Isconova s/NewCo s obligations under the Agreement (e.g. after a financing round). 
  11.5        Amendments  .  This Agreement and the Exhibits referred to in this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral.  Any amendment or modification to this Agreement shall be made in writing signed by both Parties. 
  11.6        Notices  .  Any consent, notice or report required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement by one of the Parties hereto to the other shall be in writing and (a) delivered by hand, (b) sent by nationally recognized overnight delivery service, (c) sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) sent by facsimile transmission confirmed by prepaid, registered or certified mail letter, and shall be deemed to have been properly served to the addressee upon receipt of such written communication, in any event to the following addresses: 
  If to Genocea:    Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  161 First Street  
  Suite 2C 
  Cambridge, MA 02142, USA  
  Attn: Chief Executive Officer  
  Telephone: (617) 876-8191  
  Fax: (617)876-8192 
  with a copy to:    Ropes      Gray LLP 
  One International Place  
  Boston, MA 02110, USA  
  Attn: Marc A. Rubenstein  
  Telephone: +1 617 951-7000  
  Fax: +1 617 235-0706 
  If to Isconova:    Isconova AB 
  Uppsala Science Park, SE-751 83 Uppsala, 
  Sweden 
  Attn: CEO 
  Telephone: +46 18 57 24 00  
  Fax: +46 18 57 24 01 
  
   60 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

with a copy to:    Advokatfirman Lindahl KB 
  SE-751 42 Uppsala, Sweden  
  Attn: Mikael Smedeby and Hugo Norl n  
  Telephone: +46 18 16 18 50  
  Fax: +46 16 14 46 79 
  Either Party may change its address to which notices shall be sent by giving notice to the other Party in the manner herein provided. 
  11.7        Force Majeure  .  No failure or omission by either Party in the performance of any obligation of this Agreement shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement or create any liability if the same shall arise from any cause or causes beyond the reasonable control of such Party, including the following; acts of god; acts or omissions of any government; any rules, regulations or orders issued by any governmental authority or by any officer, department, agency or instrumentality thereof; fire; storm; flood; earthquake; accident; war; terrorist act; rebellion; insurrection; riot; and invasion;   provided   that such Party provides notice to the other Party of such an event, and the non-performing Party uses Commercially Reasonable Efforts to cure such failure or omission resulting from one of the above causes as soon as is practicable;   provided     further   that, in the event the suspension of performance continues for ninety (90) days, and such failure to perform would constitute a material breach of this Agreement in the absence of such force majeure event, the non-affected Party may terminate this Agreement for the nonperforming Party s material breach. 
  11.8        Compliance with Applicable Laws  .  Neither Party shall export any technology licensed to it by the other Party under this Agreement except in compliance with United States export laws and regulations.  The Parties shall at all times comply with all material laws and regulations applicable to its activities under this Agreement. 
  11.9        Independent Contractors  .  It is understood and agreed that the relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors and that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as authorization for either Genocea or Isconova to act as agent for the other.  Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to create an employment, agency, joint venture or partnership relationship between the Parties or any of their agents or employees for any purpose, including tax purposes, or to create any other legal arrangement that would impose liability upon one Party for the act or failure to act of the other Party.  Neither Party shall have any express or implied power to enter into any contracts or commitments or to incur any liabilities in the name of, or on behalf of, the other Party, or to bind the other Party in any respect whatsoever. 
  11.10        Further Assurances  .  Each Party hereto agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments, and to do all other acts, as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
  
   61 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

11.11        No Strict Construction  .  This Agreement has been prepared jointly and shall not be strictly construed against either Party. 
  11.12        Headings  .  The captions or headings of the sections or other subdivisions hereof are inserted only as a matter of convenience or for reference and shall have no effect on the meaning of the provisions hereof. 
  11.13        No Implied Waivers; Rights Cumulative  .  No failure on the part of Genocea or Isconova to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power, remedy or privilege under this Agreement, or provided by statute or at law or in equity or otherwise, shall impair, prejudice or constitute a waiver of any such right, power, remedy or privilege or be construed as a waiver of any breach of this Agreement or as an acquiescence therein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power, remedy or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, remedy or privilege. 
  11.14        Severability  .  If any provision hereof should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction, the Parties hereto shall substitute, by mutual consent, valid provisions for such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions, which valid provisions in their economic effect are sufficiently similar to the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions that it can be reasonably assumed that the Parties would have entered into this Agreement with such valid provisions.  In case such valid provisions cannot be agreed upon, the invalid, illegal or unenforceable of one or several provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity of this Agreement as a whole, unless the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions are of such essential importance to this Agreement that it is to be reasonably assumed that the Parties would not have entered into this Agreement without the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 
  11.15        No Third Party Beneficiaries  .  No person or entity other than Genocea, Isconova and their respective Affiliates and permitted assignees hereunder shall be deemed an intended beneficiary hereunder or have any right to enforce any obligation of this Agreement. 
  11.16        Execution in Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
  [Signature page follows] 

62 

EXHIBIT 10.3 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this License and Collaboration Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 
  GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
  By:   /s/ M. Leavenworth Bakali     
  Name:   M. Leavenworth Bakali     
  Title:   President and CEO     
  ISCONOVA AB 
  By:   /s/ Ulf Tossman     
  Name:   Ulf Tossman     
  Title:   Board Director     
  By:   /s/ Benet Falk     
  Name:   Benet Falk     
  Title:   President and CEO     
    
  By:   /s/ Eva-Lotta Allen     
  Name:   Eva-Lotta Allen     
  Title:   Non-Executive Director    ________ 
  
   63 

EXHIBIT 10.3 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Exhibit A   Isconova Patent Rights 
                         Catchword 
    Full title 
    Claim category 
    First Priority date /Lapsing date 
    Number 
    Status 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 
    [* * *] 

1 

EXHIBIT 10.3 
    
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A  CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED  WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND  EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  WHERE EIGHT PAGES OF MATERIAL HAVE BEEN  OMITTED, THE REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [ ]. 

Exhibit B   Research and Phase 1 Supply Plan 
  [ ] 
  
   1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. WHERE TWENTY-ONE PAGES OF MATERIAL HAVE BEEN OMITTED, THE REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [ ]. 

Exhibit C l   Development and Scale-Up Plan 
  [ ] 
  
   1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

Exhibit C 2   Terms of Research.  Preclinical and Clinical Supplies 
                 Definitions: 
    [* * *] 
      Firm Orders: 
    [* * *] 
      Availability: 
    [* * *] 
      Price for supplies of Research Reagents: 
    [* * *] 
      Price for supplies of Preclinical or Clinical Supplies: 
    [* * *] 
      Quantities of Clinical Supplies: 
      
      Delivery : 
    [* * *] 

1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

Exhibit D   Supply and Manufacturing Agreement 

1 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

Execution Copy 
  SUPPLY AND MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT 
  BY AND BETWEEN 
  GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
  AND 
  ISCONOVA AB 

1 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  ARTICLE 1   DEFINITIONS                          .  2 
  ARTICLE 2   SUPPLY                            ...  3 
  ARTICLE 4   PRICE AND PAYMENT                        11 
  ARTICLE 5   ACCEPTANCE AND REJECTION; INFRINGEMENT           12 
  ARTICLE 6   TERM AND TERMINATION                     14 
  ARTICLE 7   CONFIDENTIALITY                         .17 
  ARTICLE 8   WARRANTIES AND CONVENANTS                  17 
  ARTICLE 9   INDEMNITIES AND DAMAGES                    17 
  ARTICLE 10   DISCLAIMER                           18 
  ARTICLE 11   MISCELLANEOUS                         .19 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

SUPPLY AND MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT 
  This SUPPLY AND MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT (this    Agreement   ) is entered into as of August 5, 2009, (the    Effective Date   ) by and between   GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC.    (   Purchaser   ) and   ISCONOVA AB   (   Supplier    and collectively with Purchaser, the    Parties    and each a    Party   ). 
  WHEREAS, Purchaser and Supplier have entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the    LCA   ) pursuant to which Purchaser is licensing rights to certain assets from Supplier, including, without limitation, the Licensed Adjuvant (as defined in the LCA); 
  WHEREAS, the LCA contemplates that the Parties will enter into this Agreement on the Effective Date for (as defined in the LCA), pursuant to which Supplier will manufacture and supply to Purchaser Licensed Adjuvants necessary for the manufacture of the Licensed Products (as defined in the LCA) to be commercially sold; and 
  WHEREAS, Purchaser and Supplier wish to set forth their mutual agreements and understandings regarding the manufacture and supply of the Licensed Adjuvants. 
  NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto do hereby agree as follows: 
  ARTICLE 1      DEFINITIONS 
  1.1      Definitions  .  Any capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the LCA. 
  1.2      Construction of Certain Terms and Phrases  .  Except as otherwise explicitly specified to the contrary, (a) references to a Section, Article, Exhibit or Schedule means a Section or Article of, or Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, unless another agreement is specified, (b) the word  including  will be construed as  including without limitation,  (c) references to a particular statute or regulation include all rules and regulations thereunder and any predecessor or successor statute, rules or regulations, in each case, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, (d) words in the singular or plural form include the plural and singular form, respectively, (e) words of any gender include each other gender, (f)  or  is disjunctive but not necessarily exclusive, (g) the word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall,  (h) whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Days are specified, and (i) references to a particular person include such person s successors and assigns to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement. 
  ARTICLE 2       SUPPLY 
  2.1      Manufacture  .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Supplier shall Manufacture and deliver Licensed Adjuvants to Purchaser in such quantities and at such times as ordered by Purchaser.  The Licensed Adjuvants supplied by Supplier pursuant to this Agreement shall meet the specifications jointly agreed to by Supplier and Purchaser as described in the Quality Agreement (the    Adjuvant Specifications   ) and once agreed upon, the Adjuvant Specifications will be considered as   Exhibit A   attached hereto and shall be incorporated herein by reference.  The Adjuvant Specifications may be amended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement and the timelines in the Development and Scale-Up Plan.  The Licensed Adjuvants shall be manufactured and delivered in accordance with the Quality Agreement (as defined in   Section 3.2  ).  During the Term (as defined in   Section 6.1   herein), Supplier shall at all times maintain the resources necessary to Manufacture Licensed Adjuvants and shall provide, at its own expense, all labor and all materials, including, without limitation, all raw materials and ingredients, required for the Manufacture of Licensed Adjuvants (such materials, the    Materials   ). 
  2.2      Manufacturing Scale-Up  .  Supplier shall scale up its Manufacturing processes as such processes relate to the Licensed Adjuvant in accordance with the Development and Scale-Up Plan (as defined in the LCA).  Isconova undertakes to work diligently and shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform activities under the Development and Scale-Up Plan in accordance with the timeline set forth in the Development and Scale-Up Plan.  In the event that Supplier fails, for any reason not directly attributable to Purchaser, to perform such actions in accordance with such timetable, Purchaser shall be entitled to require Supplier to take the actions described in Section 6.3(c) in order to enable Purchaser to obtain Licensed Adjuvants from an alternate supplier.  Isconova will at all times during the Research Term maintain the necessary financial and human resources to complete the activities of Isconova set forth in the Development and Scale-Up Plan. 
  2.3      Forecasts  .  Beginning at least eighteen (18) months prior to the anticipated date of First Commercial Sale of a Licensed Product (the    Launch   ), Purchaser shall submit to Supplier a forecast of Licensed Adjuvants that Purchaser anticipates ordering from Supplier during the eighteen (18) month period following the date of submission (broken down by Licensed Product and by 3-month periods, i.e.  quarters), and Purchaser shall thereafter update such forecast on a rolling eighteen (18) months basis every third (3   rd   ) month thereafter (each, a    Rolling Forecast   ).  Purchaser shall place purchase orders for at least the quantity of Licensed Adjuvants specified in the first three (3) months of each such Rolling Forecast, (such specified amount the    Binding Forecast   ),   subject  ,   however   to   Section 2.4,    and the remaining fifteen (15) months shall be a good faith estimate.  Except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, Purchaser shall not be required to order any  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

fixed minimum quantity of Licensed Adjuvants or any quantity of Licensed Adjuvants for which it does not actually have a need, notwithstanding any forecast or prior course of dealing. 
  2.4      Ramp-Up  .  Purchaser agrees and acknowledges that Supplier has a lead-time to ramp-up its manufacturing process of [* * *], and that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, for quarters following the first four (4) consecutive quarters in 
  which Purchaser has place Firm Orders, Supplier shall not be obliged to supply Purchaser under this Agreement with quantities of Licensed Adjuvants exceeding (i) [* * *] of the average amount of Licensed Adjuvants specified in the Binding Forecasts for the preceding [* * *] in which Purchaser placed Firm Orders (as defined in   Section 2.5 (a)   and (ii) [* * *] of the average amount of Licensed Adjuvants specified in the Binding Forecasts for the preceding [* * *] in which Purchaser placed Firm Orders. 
  2.5      Orders and Delivery  . 
  (a)      Orders  .  Purchaser shall place its orders for Licensed Adjuvants with Supplier by submitting a purchase order which sets forth (i) the quantity of Licensed Adjuvants ordered for delivery; and (ii) the delivery date for that order which shall be at least forty-five (45) days from the date such order (an    Order   ).  Unless Supplier notifies Purchaser in writing within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of an Order that it is unable to deliver Licensed Adjuvants in accordance with such Order (such notice, a    Capacity Constraint Notice   ), Supplier shall be deemed to have accepted such Order as a binding order (a    Firm Order   ).  If Supplier delivers a Capacity Constraint Notice to Purchaser, such notice shall indicate the portion of such Order Supplier cannot supply by the requested delivery date and propose alternate delivery dates.  Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts during the fifteen (15) Business Day period following delivery of the Capacity Constraint Notice to mutually agree upon a date(s) of delivery; provided, however, that Purchaser shall have no obligation to accept any alternate delivery dates.  If, after the 15 Business Day period referenced in the preceding sentence, the Parties do not reach agreement on a delivery date, Purchaser shall have the right to exercise its rights pursuant to   Section 2.7   below.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 2.51.1(a)  . if (i) such Order subject to a Capacity Constraint Notice is an Excess Order (as described in   Section 2.5(d)   below) and (ii) the portion of such Order that Supplier cannot supply by the requested delivery date is no more than the number of Licensed Adjuvants requested by Purchaser which exceed the amount set forth in the Binding Forecast, then, with respect to the portion of the Order that exceeds the Binding Forecast only,   Section 2.5(d)   below, and not   Section 2.7  , shall apply in the event of any inability of Supplier to supply Licensed Adjuvants by Purchaser s requested delivery date. 
  (b)      Cancellation of Orders  .  Purchaser may cancel any Firm Order (in whole or in part) at any time prior to the delivery for any quantity of Licensed Adjuvant that Supplier has not completed Manufacturing pursuant to such Firm Order at the time that notice of cancellation is received by  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Supplier;   provided     that   if Supplier has commenced but not completed the Manufacture of Licensed Adjuvants pursuant to such Firm Order, Purchaser shall reimburse Supplier for Material and labor costs in respect of any works-in-progress pursuant to such cancelled Firm Order (or part thereof) at the time notice of cancellation is received by Supplier. 
  (c)      Delivery Terms  .  All Licensed Adjuvants shall be delivered [* * *] (the    Facility   ).  Time is of the essence for all deliveries of Licensed Adjuvants.  Packaging requirements will be mutually agreed upon between the Parties. 
  (d)      Excess Orders  .  In the event that the actual amount of Licensed Adjuvants ordered by Purchaser in any Order exceed those set forth in the Binding Forecast (an    Excess Order   ), Supplier shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to accept and supply such excess amount, Supplier shall notify Purchaser in writing within twelve (12) Business Days of receipt of an Excess Order as to whether it is able to deliver all of the Excess Order.  If Supplier cannot deliver the entire quantify ordered in the Excess Order, such notice shall indicate the portion of the Excess Order that Supplier cannot supply by the requested delivery date and shall specify alternate delivery dates for such portion. 
  (e)      Late Delivery  .  If Supplier fails to deliver any Licensed Adjuvants within [* * *] days after the delivery date set forth on a Firm Order (the    Firm Delivery Date   ), in addition to any remedies Purchaser may have under this Agreement, Supplier shall give Purchaser a credit to be applied to the purchase price owed for such Licensed Adjuvants (a    Late Delivery Credit   ).  The amount of the Late Delivery Credit will vary based on the number of days a delivery follows the Firm Delivery Date, and will equal the following percentage of the purchase price for the Licensed Adjuvants that are delivered late: 
                 Number of Days Late 
    Late Delivery Credit 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *]% of the purchase price for late Licensed Adjuvants 
      [* * *] 
    [* * *]% of the purchase price for late Licensed Adjuvants 

Purchaser may apply the Late Delivery Credit to reduce (a) the amount due to Supplier under the invoice for late-delivered Licensed Adjuvants or (b) future payments due by Purchaser to Supplier under this Agreement, if any. 
  2.6      Shortage of Supply  .  If, at any time during the Term of this Agreement, Supplier (i) supplies Licensed Adjuvants to one or more Third Parties (as defined in the LCA) in addition to Purchaser and (ii) Supplier does not have the capacity to supply all purchasers of Licensed Adjuvants with the quantity of Licensed Adjuvants ordered by each such purchaser, Supplier shall deliver to Purchaser a percentage of all Licensed Adjuvants in Supplier s supply equal to [* * *] divided by  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

[* * *];   provided  ,   however   that during the first two (2) years after the first Firm Order placed by Purchaser under this Agreement, Supplier shall always fulfill Purchaser s Firm Order for Licensed Adjuvants in full (or to the maximum extent possible) prior to fulfilling the orders of any other purchaser.  Supplier shall, at all times during the Term of this Agreement, possess a supply of Licensed Adjuvants in an amount more than or equal to the quantity of Licensed Adjuvants set forth in the preceding Binding Forecast. 
  2.7      Alternative Supply  .  Subject to   Section 2.4  ,  Purchaser shall be relieved of its obligation to order its purchase requirements of Licensed Adjuvants from Supplier if Supplier, for any reason not directly attributable to Purchaser, is unable, becomes aware that it will be unable or is unwilling to supply Licensed Adjuvants meeting Purchaser s Binding Forecast for any period of time and does not cure such failure within forty-five (45) days following Purchaser s written notice to Supplier or Supplier s written notice to Purchaser.  In any such event, after the 45-day cure period, Purchaser shall have the right to request a Technology Transfer under the terms of   Section 6.3(c)   regardless of whether Purchaser has elected to terminate this Agreement.  Once Purchaser has requested that Supplier conduct a Technology Transfer, Purchaser shall have no obligation to place any further Orders for Licensed Adjuvants from Supplier and may receive its supply of Licensed Adjuvants from a party or parties designated under   Section 6.3(c). 
  2.8      Cooperation of the Parties  .  Supplier shall inform Purchaser promptly of any problems that could reasonably be expected to prevent Supplier from supplying the Licensed Adjuvants in accordance with the Rolling Forecast and/or a Firm Order. 
  2.9      Records and Samples  .  Supplier shall maintain all records relating to its obligations hereunder as required by current Good Manufacturing Practices (   cGMPs   ) and current Good Laboratory Practices (   cGLPs   ), as applicable, and Applicable Law for such time periods referenced thereby.  Supplier shall make such records available to Purchaser for Purchaser s inspection and copying promptly following a written request by Purchaser.  In addition, Supplier shall retain a file sample properly stored from each lot or batch of Licensed Adjuvants supplied to Purchaser hereunder in accordance with cGMPs. 
  ARTICLE 3   COMPLIANCE, QUALITY AND ENVIRONMENTAL 
  3.1      Sub-Manufacturers  .  Any party listed on   Exhibit B   attached hereto and any additional Third Party who Supplier may, from time to time, designate as a sub-manufacturer under this Agreement (each such party, a    Sub-Manufacturer   ) shall be able to conduct activities to assist with the performance of Supplier s duties hereunder;   provided  ,   however   that before any party is designated as a Sub-Manufacturer under this Agreement (i) Purchaser must give its written consent to such designation, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, (ii) the proposed SubManufacturer must agree to perform in accordance with the Development and Scale-Up Plan (as defined in the LCA)  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

and the Quality Agreement, (iii) the proposed Sub-Manufacturer must agree in writing to transfer to Supplier all know-how and other information necessary or useful in the manufacturing and production of Licensed Adjuvants supplied hereunder, including, without limitation, the preparation, testing and storage of such Licensed Adjuvants and the handling, storage and disposal of any residues or wastes generated thereby so that in the event that Purchaser elects to exercise its rights related to Technology Transfer under   Section 6.3(c)   below, Purchaser will be able to manufacture (or have manufactured) the Licensed Adjuvant in a manner substantially identical to the manner such manufacturing was conducted under this Agreement; (iv) the Sub-Manufacturer must agree in writing that, in the event that Purchaser terminates this Agreement under   Section 6.2(a)   or   Section 6.2(d),   any and all agreements between it and Supplier related to the manufacture of Licensed Adjuvant will be assigned to Purchaser with respect to the supply of Licensed Adjuvants provided under this Agreement   provided  ,   however   that in the case of the agreement between Supplier and [* * *] which has been entered into prior to the Effective Date, Supplier shall have twelve (12) months from the Effective Date to receive [* * *] written agreement to such subassignment.  Notwithstanding anything hereunder or anything in an agreement between a Sub-Manufacturer and Supplier, Supplier shall remain liable for any breach of this Agreement by any of its Sub-Manufacturers. 
  3.2      Compliance with Law  .  In the performance of its obligation to supply Licensed Adjuvants to Purchaser under this Agreement, Supplier shall (i) comply with all Applicable Laws, including those in any Regulatory Approval of any Regulatory Authority (including without limitation, cGMPs as applicable in each relevant country as defined in national and international accepted GMP compendia including PIC/C, WHO GMP Guide and Guide to Good Manufacturing Practices for Medicinal Products as promulgated under European Directive 91/356/EEC), (ii) manufacture the Licensed Adjuvants according to the Adjuvant Specifications, and (iii) obtain and comply with all Regulatory Approvals that are necessary for Supplier to perform its obligations hereunder.  Prior to the production of any cGMP supplies by Isconova under this Agreement, including without limitation the Preclinical Supplies, the Parties shall execute a Quality Agreement which shall have the table of contents attached hereto as   Exhibit G   and upon execution, such Quality Agreement shall be considered   Exhibit G   hereof in its entirety and attached hereto (the    Quality Agreement   ). 
  3.3      Manufacturing Quality  .  All Licensed Adjuvants shall be manufactured in accordance with the Quality Agreement.  All Licensed Adjuvants shall be manufactured at Supplier s facility or a designated facility of a Sub-Manufacturer (   Supplier Facility   ) unless otherwise mutually agreed upon by the Parties.  Supplier shall sample and analyze all Materials upon receipt to ensure that such Materials are free of defects and meet the applicable specifications therefor.  Supplier shall take all necessary steps to prevent contamination and cross contamination of Licensed Adjuvants.  Licensed Adjuvants shall be unadulterated and free from contamination, diluents and foreign matter in any amount.  Supplier shall perform the quality control tests with respect to Licensed Adjuvants in accordance with the methods of analysis that have been suitably qualified and approved as set forth in the Quality Agreement (the    Methods of Analysis   ), the cost of the same to be included in the price hereinafter specified.  Once established pursuant to the Quality Agreement, the Methods  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

of Analysis will be considered as   Exhibit C   attached hereto and shall be incorporated herein by reference.  The Methods of Analysis may be amended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement Supplier shall promptly, upon completion of such tests, deliver to Purchaser a copy of the record of such tests performed on, and a Certificate of Analysis for, each shipment of Licensed Adjuvant to Purchaser.  Supplier shall deliver a representative sample from each shipment of Licensed Adjuvant to Purchaser s designated representative by the date specified by such representative. 
  3.4      Testing by Purchaser  .  Purchaser may test the Licensed Adjuvant samples in accordance with the applicable Methods of Analysis.  If the analysis of any Licensed Adjuvant performed by or for Purchaser differs from Supplier s analysis of the same sampled batch, Purchaser shall advise Supplier and Supplier and Purchaser agree to consult with each other in order to explain and resolve the discrepancy between each other s determination.  If, after good faith attempt by the Parties to do so, such consultation does not resolve the discrepancy, an independent, reputable laboratory designated by Purchaser shall repeat the applicable Methods of Analysis on representative samples from such delivery of Licensed Adjuvant provided by or for Purchaser.  The costs of the independent laboratory referred to above shall be borne by (i) Purchaser if such laboratory determines that the Licensed Adjuvant conforms to the Adjuvant Specifications or (ii) Supplier if such laboratory determines that the Licensed Adjuvant does not conform to the Adjuvant Specifications. 
  (a)    If an independent laboratory determines that the Licensed Adjuvant does not conform to the Adjuvant Specifications, Purchaser may request in writing, and Supplier shall promptly send, a new delivery of Licensed Adjuvant (of similar quantity as to the amount of such Licensed Adjuvant being analyzed as set forth above) to Purchaser.  Purchaser shall not be obligated to pay for any Licensed Adjuvant (and if Purchaser has paid for such Licensed Adjuvant, Supplier shall promptly reimburse Purchaser) that an independent laboratory, in accordance with   Section 3.4,    has determined does not conform to the Adjuvant Specifications. 
    
  3.5      Samples and Record Retention  .  Supplier shall retain records and retention samples of each shipped batch of Licensed Adjuvant for at least five (5) years after the delivery date of such Licensed Adjuvant and shall make the same available to Purchaser upon request.  During and after the term of this Agreement Supplier shall assist Purchaser with respect to any complaint, issue or investigation relating to a Licensed Adjuvant. 
  3.6      Inspection  . 
  (a)      By Purchaser  .  Supplier shall give access to representatives of Purchaser, at all reasonable times during regular business hours, to the Supplier Facility and any other facility in which Licensed Adjuvants are Manufactured, tested and/or stored, and to all Manufacturing records with respect to Licensed Adjuvants, for the purpose of inspection.  Purchaser shall have the right while at any such Supplier Facility to inspect and copy Supplier s records, permits, and licenses to  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

evaluate work practices and compliance with all Applicable Laws, including but not limited to applicable regulations, occupational health and safety, and environmental laws and regulations, cGMP, cGLP and warehousing practices and procedures.  Notwithstanding any inspection performed by Purchaser, Supplier shall remain solely responsible for operating its facilities and for complying with its obligations under this Agreement.  Neither the rights granted to Purchaser pursuant to this Section 3.6. nor any inspection performance by Purchaser, shall impose any liability on Purchaser. 
  (b)      By Regulatory Authorities  .  During Supplier s normal business hours, Supplier will allow any Regulatory Authority to inspect the facilities of Supplier and any Third Party supplier where Licensed Adjuvants are manufactured and to review required documentation.  Supplier will immediately notify Purchaser of any inspection of such facilities by a Regulatory Authority that is reasonably related to Supplier s performance hereunder or the subject matter of this Agreement, and Purchaser shall be given the opportunity to attend the portions of the summary, or wrap-up, meeting related to Licensed Adjuvants with such Regulatory Authority at the conclusion of such site inspection.  Supplier will provide to Purchaser a copy of any report or other written communications received from such Regulatory Authority in connection with such visit or inspection, and any written communications received from any Regulatory Authority relating to the Licensed Adjuvants or the manufacturing of Licensed Adjuvants within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. 
  3.7      Regulatory Approvals  .  Each Party shall provide all documents or information reasonably requested by the other Party to support the other Party s efforts to obtain, maintain, or defend Regulatory Approvals related to the Licensed Adjuvants or Licensed Products. 
  3.8      Adverse Drug Experience Reporting  .  The Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to reach agreement on Adverse Event Reporting Procedures which will be set forth in   Exhibit D   attached hereto (as the same may be amended from time to time by notice in writing from Purchaser to Supplier, the    Adverse Event Reporting Procedures   ) at least three (3) months prior to Launch but shall reach such agreement no later than one (1) month prior to Launch.  Supplier shall fully, accurately and promptly provide Purchaser with all data known to it at any time during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, which data indicate that any Licensed Product is or may be unsafe, lacks utility, or otherwise does not meet specifications in accordance with the Adverse Event Reporting Procedures, including, without limitation, any data or information received from Third Party partners or purchasers of Supplier that the Licensed Adjuvant is or may be unsafe, lacks utility, or otherwise does not meet specifications in accordance with the Adverse Event Reporting Procedures.  Purchaser shall solely determine whether such information is required to be reported to FDA and any other Regulatory Authority. 
  3.9      Recalls  . 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

(a)      Notification  .  In the event that Supplier has any information, whether received directly or indirectly, which (i) may result in a Regulatory Authority issuing or requesting a recall or similar action in connection with the Licensed Product, or (ii) may result in the need for a recall or market withdrawal of the Licensed Product (each of the events in clause (i) and (ii), a    Recall   ) Supplier shall promptly notify Purchaser in writing.  Supplier shall conduct an investigation as soon as reasonably practicable to determine the cause of any quality issue that has the reasonable potential to lead to a Recall and provide Purchaser with a written investigation report as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any case, in time to meet any required regulatory timeframe specified by Purchaser. 
  (b)      Responsibility  .  Purchaser shall have sole discretion over whether and under what circumstances to require the Recall of Licensed Products.  Purchaser shall make all contacts with relevant Regulatory Authorities and shall be responsible for coordinating all activities in connection with any recall or withdrawal of any Licensed Products. In the event that Purchaser initiates a Recall, Purchaser shall promptly notify Supplier.  Supplier shall cooperate with Purchaser in executing any Recall.  Purchaser shall keep Supplier fully informed of any such Recall, shall consult with Supplier with respect to the strategy and conduct of any Recall.  Purchaser shall reasonably consider all comments and suggestions by Supplier.  To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, Supplier may also participate and be represented in any such Recall, at its own expense if such Recall substantially relates to the Manufacturing activities performed by Supplier under this Agreement. 
  (c)      Costs of Recall  .  Supplier shall reimburse Purchaser for all reasonable costs incurred by Purchaser in implementing a Recall of a Licensed Product resulting from (i) the failure of any Licensed Adjuvant to meet Adjuvant Specifications at the time of delivery of Licensed Adjuvant by Supplier or (ii) Supplier s failure to manufacture any Licensed Adjuvant in accordance with cGMP and all other Applicable Laws.  Purchaser shall be responsible for the costs incurred in implementing any other Recall.  Any dispute between the Parties as to which Party is responsible for the costs of a Recall will be governed by the dispute resolution mechanism in   Section 10.1     below. 
  3.10      Environmental, Occupational Health and Safety  .  Supplier shall report to Purchaser as soon as possible after any of the following incidents related to the Manufacturing operations hereunder occurs: 
           (i) 
    fatalities and/or significant injuries or occupational illness; 
               (iii) 
    inspections by any environmental protection agency or occupational health and safety agency; or 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

(iv) 
    requests for information, notices of violations or other significant governmental and safety agency communications relating to environmental, occupational health and safety compliance. 
     Supplier shall have title to and be responsible for disposing in an environmentally safe manner ail residue and waste resulting from the Manufacturing operations performed hereunder.  Supplier shall not use Purchaser s trademarks or trade dress to identify any waste materials or residues. 
  3.11      Change Management 
  (a)    During the Term, if Supplier or Purchaser wishes to or is required by a Regulatory Authority to make a change to: (i) the Licensed Adjuvant or Adjuvant Specifications; or (ii) the manufacturing process for the Licensed Adjuvant (each a    Manufacturing Change   ), it shall submit to the other Party in writing details of the requested Manufacturing Change. 
  (b)    For Manufacturing Changes that are required by Applicable Law, including any requirement of a Regulatory Authority, or for safely considerations (   Required Changes   ), the Parties shall cooperate in making such Required Changes promptly.  The costs of implementing such Required Change shall be borne by Supplier. 
  (c)    If Supplier wishes to make a Manufacturing Change that is not a Required Change (a    Discretionary Change   ), the Parties shall discuss such Discretionary Change and Purchaser may accept or reject such Discretionary Change; provided that any rejection must be based on material and objective reasons, which should be documented in sufficient detail for Supplier s review.  For sixty (60) days after any rejection by the Purchaser, the Parties shall enter into good faith negotiations and use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to address Purchaser s reasons for rejecting the Discretionary Change.  If no resolution has been reached by the end of this sixty-day period, the proposal shall be deemed rejected.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 3.11(c)  ,  the Purchaser can reject any Discretionary Change that would require any additional Regulatory Approvals, action by any Regulatory Authority or change to the Adjuvant Specifications.  If Purchaser accepts such Discretionary Change, Supplier shall be entitled to make such Discretionary Change and shall, unless agreed otherwise by the Parties, bear all the costs of its implementation. 
  (d)    If Purchaser wishes to make a Discretionary Change, the Parties shall discuss such Discretionary Change and, unless Supplier has a reasonable objection, subject to the Parties agreeing upon reasonable timelines and procedures for implementing such Discretionary Change, Supplier shall implement such Discretionary Change.  Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, Purchaser shall bear all reasonable costs incurred by Supplier in connection with the implementation of a Discretionary Change requested by Purchaser.  Payment for such costs shall be made by Purchaser  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

within forty-five (45) days of receipt of an invoice therefore, together with reasonably detailed supporting documentation of such costs. 
  ARTICLE 4       PRICE AND PAYMENT 
  4.1      Price  .  During the first Contract Year and, unless adjusted pursuant to   Section 4.3  .  for the Term of the Agreement, the price payable by the Purchaser to Supplier for the Manufacture and supply of the Licensed Adjuvants required for one (1) dose of the relevant Licensed Product shall be US $[* * *] (as adjusted from time to time, the    Dose Price   ).  The Dose Price is equal to [* * *].  The Initial Dose Price may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to   Section 4.3  .  In the event a vaccine included in the Commodity Vaccine Basket is no longer included on the CDC s dose price list or for any other reason is mutually agreed by the Parties to no longer be applicable to the Dose Price, the Parties shall in good faith mutually agree either on the replacement of such vaccine with another vaccine with similar characteristics or to lower the number of vaccines which comprise the Commodity Vaccine Basket. 
  4.2      Most Favored Nations Price Adjustment  .  Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if at any time Supplier makes sales of any product substantially similar to the Licensed Adjuvant (including but not limited to, a ISCOM technology-based Matrix-M adjuvant) to any Third Party for use in a commercially sold vaccine product within the Field at a price per milligram of active substance lower than the price per milligram of active substance then in effect hereunder for the Licensed Adjuvant, or on payment and delivery terms more favorable than those in effect hereunder, such lower price and/or more favorable terms shall be made available to Purchaser hereunder, with respect to Purchaser s inventory of Licensed Adjuvants as well as future purchases of Licensed Adjuvants, for so long as Supplier continues to make sales to such Third Party at such lower price and/or on such more favorable terms. 
  4.3      Adjustment to Prices  . 
  (a)    In the event that [* * *] of the Commodity Vaccine Basket should deviate by [* * *] or more from the Dose Price at any given time during the Term of this Agreement (such event, a    Price Deviation   ), either Party may request a price adjustment as set forth in   Section 4.3(b)   (a    Price Adjustment   ). 
  (b)      Price Adjustment Calculation  .  If, in accordance with   Section 4.3  , a Party (   Requesting Party   ) believes that the Dose Price should be adjusted as a result of a Price Deviation, before or on September 1 of each Contract Year, Requesting Party shall provide for the other Party s review and approval the computation of any Price Adjustment (as determined in accordance with   Section 4.1  ). Requesting Party shall also provide to the other Party the methodology Requesting Party used in making such computation together with documentary evidence supporting the Price  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Adjustment.  Upon the other Party s approval of such Price Adjustment, the new prices will be effective as of January 1 of the following Contract Year and the Parties will attach a new   Exhibit F   hereto reflecting such new prices.  If the other Party has rejected any Price Adjustment by Requesting Party, Requesting Party may exercise its rights under the dispute resolution mechanism in   Section 11.1   below. 
  4.4      Payments: Delay in Payment  .  Supplier shall deliver to Purchaser at the address set forth in   Section 11.5   an invoice for shipments of Licensed Adjuvants to Purchaser as the same is shipped.  Each invoice shall reflect the actual quantity of the Licensed Adjuvants shipped and the price thereof as computed in accordance with this ARTICLE 4.  Within forty-five (45) days following receipt of each invoice, Purchaser shall pay to Supplier the amount specified in such invoice.  All payments hereunder shall be made in U.S.  Dollars and by electronic transfer to an account specified by Supplier.  Any amounts not paid when due shall be deemed delinquent and will accrue interest from the due date to the actual date of payment at the lesser of (i) two (2) percent per month and (ii) the maximum rate permitted by Applicable Law.  Upon the delay of any payment(s) that are not being contested in good faith by Purchaser for a longer period of time than the cure period set forth in   Section 6.2(a)  ,  Supplier may withhold further deliveries of Licensed Adjuvants until Purchaser has remedied its default in full. 
  4.5      Payment Disputes  .  All billing and payment disputes between the Parties, including a dispute regarding the calculation of any Price Adjustment, shall be resolved in accordance with the dispute resolution procedures in   Section 11.1   below. 
  ARTICLE 5       ACCEPTANCE AND REJECTION; INFRINGEMENT 
  5.1      Acceptance and Rejection  .  Within thirty (30) Business Days following its receipt of a shipment of Licensed Adjuvants pursuant to a Firm Order, Purchaser must notify Supplier in writing if Purchaser rejects the Licensed Adjuvants because it believes that the Licensed Adjuvants does not comply with the Adjuvant Specifications, cGMP or a requirement under the Quality Agreement.  Subject to   Section 5.2   below, if Purchaser does not so notify Supplier within such period, Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted the Licensed Adjuvants as meeting Adjuvant Specifications and the applicable requirements hereunder. 
  5.2      Latent Defects  .  If any Licensed Adjuvant delivered by Supplier to Purchaser contains a Latent Defect (as defined below), then Purchaser will notify Supplier in writing within five (5) Business Days after the date on which such Latent Defect is first detected by Purchaser.     Latent Defect    means any defect that (a) causes any Licensed Adjuvant supplied by Supplier to Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement to fail to conform with the Adjuvant Specifications, cGMP or a requirement under the Quality Agreement and (b) cannot be ascertained by the exercise of reasonable diligence by Purchaser upon receipt of such Licensed Adjuvant; provided, however, that if Purchaser  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

does not notify Supplier of a Latent Defect in a Licensed Adjuvant within the Licensed Adjuvant s shelf life (which shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties), Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted the Licensed Adjuvants as meeting Adjuvant Specifications and the applicable requirements hereunder, and Purchaser abstains from any right to claim liability against Supplier pursuant to   Section 5.1   above or this   Section 5.2  . 
  5.3      Rejection Procedure  .  If Purchaser rejects all or part of any shipment of Licensed Adjuvants pursuant to   Section 5.1   or   Section 5.2   above, then, unless Supplier informs Purchaser to the contrary within twelve (12) Business Days after receipt of Purchaser s written rejection notice, Supplier will be deemed to have accepted the above-mentioned rejection. 
  (a) If Supplier accepts Purchaser s rejection, Supplier shall, at Purchaser s option, either (i) utilize Commercially Reasonable Efforts to supply replacement Licensed Adjuvants at no additional charge within one (1) month after receipt of Purchaser s rejection notice or (ii) credit or refund to Purchaser the cost paid to Supplier by Purchaser for such non-conforming Licensed Adjuvants, or, if the invoice has not been paid, cancel the invoice.  In either case, such nonconforming Licensed Adjuvants shall be disposed of at Supplier s cost. 
  (b) If Supplier does not accept Purchaser s rejection, and there is a dispute as to whether all, or a portion, of any shipment of Licensed Adjuvants is non-compliant, such dispute shall be resolved by having an independent, mutually acceptable, qualified Third Party (the    Independent Expert   ) examine the respective Licensed Adjuvants.  At Supplier s cost, Supplier will provide a representative final Licensed Adjuvant sample and master reference standard for such Licensed Adjuvant to the Independent Expert.  If the Independent Expert determines that the Licensed Adjuvant is non-compliant, then   Section 5.3(a)   shall apply.  The Party against whose position the Independent Expert rules shall bear any out-of-pocket costs relating to the Independent Expert incurred by the other Party.  In the event that the Independent Expert rules against Purchaser, Purchaser shall remit payment for the respective Licensed Adjuvants to Supplier within thirty (30) days of such ruling.  During the time any dispute under this   Section 5.3(b)   is pending resolution, Purchaser shall not be obligated to pay any invoice for the Licensed Adjuvants that is the subject of the dispute and no interest on such payment will accrue under   Section 4.4  . 
  5.4      Shortfall  .  If Supplier s delivery fails to deliver to Purchaser the full amount of Licensed Adjuvants specified in an accepted Firm Order, Supplier shall, at Purchaser s option without any undue delay either (a) deliver to Purchaser the quantity of shorted Licensed Adjuvants at Supplier s expense or (b) credit or refund Purchaser for the full price of the amount of shortfall. 
  5.5      Infringement  .  In the event that it is reasonably likely that a claim will be successfully brought by a Third Party to a court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction that the Manufacture, storage, importation, sale, offer for sale or use of the Licensed Adjuvant infringes any patent or other proprietary right of any Third Party, Supplier shall promptly, at its own expense and  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

option, either: a) procure for Purchaser the right to continue the storage, importation, sale, offer for sale or use of such Licensed Adjuvant; b) replace the relevant Licensed Adjuvant with non-infringing Licensed Adjuvants of equivalent function and performance; or c) modify such Licensed Adjuvants so that they become non-infringing without detracting from function or performance.  If the Parties disagree on whether the occurrence and/or success of a claim described in the preceding sentence is reasonably likely, the Parties will engage mutually agreeable patent counsel to deliver a final determination as to the reasonable likelihood of such a successful claim, and the Parties will split the costs related to such counsel equally.  Any action taken by Supplier under clause (a), (b) or (c) of the first sentence of this   Section 5.5   must not result in any change to the Adjuvant Specifications and if Supplier cannot take necessary action under such clauses within ninety (90) days of the date of the infringement claim, Purchaser shall be relieved of its obligation to order its purchase requirements of Licensed Adjuvants from Supplier as set forth in   Section 2.7   and Purchaser may request (and upon such request, Supplier will grant) a Technology Transfer pursuant to   Section 6.3(c)  .  Supplier s obligations hereunder shall not apply to any infringement claim arising directly and principally attributable from activities conducted by Purchaser in a manner inconsistent with Purchaser s rights under this Agreement and/or the LCA.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or Section 5.4, in the event that Section 6.11 of the LCA (including without limitation Section 6.11.1) is applicable to an infringement claim hereunder, the terms of such Section 6.11 shall apply, as applicable, to such claim;   provided  ,   however   that, in addition to all rights of Purchaser under Section 6.11 of the LCA, in the event that any Third Party commences any proceeding against Purchaser, Supplier and/or any Sublicensee related to the Isconova Technology which results in the enjoinment of the research, development, commercialization and/or sale of a Licensed Product and (ii) the underlying claim of such proceeding in clause (i) is not directly and principally attributable to activities conducted by Purchaser outside the scope of the rights granted to Purchaser in Section 3.1 of the LCA, Purchaser shall have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement pursuant to   Section 6.2(a)   and, to the extent not already performed, Supplier shall perform a Technology Transfer as set forth in   Section 6.3(c)   upon Genocea s request, 
  5.6      Rights Intact  .  Notwithstanding anything in this ARTICLE 5, nothing in this ARTICLE 5 shall be deemed a sole remedy of Purchaser under this Agreement or usurp or affect, in any way, Purchaser s ability to exercise its rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to Purchaser s rights set forth in ARTICLE 6 to terminate this Agreement in accordance with the terms therein. 
  ARTICLE 6       TERM AND TERMINATION 
  6.1      Term  .  Unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 6, the term of this Agreement (the    Term   ) shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until the termination or expiration of the LCA in accordance with its terms. 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

6.2      Termination  . 
  (a)      Default  .  If either Party commits a material breach of the Agreement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will include any material breach by Supplier of the Quality Agreement), the other Party may, without prejudice to any other right or remedy, and after giving the breaching Party [* * *] (45) days  written notice of the breach, terminate the Agreement.  This Agreement shall not be so terminated if the breaching Party has cured the breach within such 45- day period.  Such termination shall not give rise to the payment of any penalty, damages or indemnity by the terminating Party. 
  (b)      Termination Without Cause  .  Purchaser may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause upon [* * *] days  prior written notice to Supplier.  Such termination shall not give rise to the payment of any penalty, damages or indemnity by Purchaser. 
  (c)      Termination for Regulatory Action  .  Purchaser may terminate this Agreement immediately if FDA or any other Regulatory Authority takes any action, the result of which is to prohibit or restrict the Manufacture, storage, importation, sale, offer for sale or use of the Licensed Adjuvant.  Such termination shall not give rise to the payment of any penalty, damages or indemnity by Purchaser. 
  (d)      Termination for Bankruptcy  .  If either Party (the    Insolvent Party   ), by voluntary or involuntary action goes into liquidation, dissolves or files a petition for bankruptcy or suspension of payments, is adjudicated bankrupt, has a receiver or trustee appointed for its property or estate, becomes insolvent or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, the other Party shall be entitled by notice in writing to the Insolvent Party to terminate this Agreement forthwith.  Such termination shall not give rise to the payment of any penalty, damages or indemnity by the terminating Party. 
  6.3      Effects of Termination  . 
  (a)   Completion of Orders  .  In the event of any termination of this Agreement other than by Supplier due to   Sections 6.2(a)   or   6.2(d)   hereunder, (i) Supplier shall deliver, at Purchaser s request, any Licensed Adjuvants manufactured for Purchaser pursuant to an Order placed prior to the effective date of termination but not yet delivered, and (ii) Supplier shall prepare and submit to Purchaser an invoice for all Licensed Adjuvants delivered by Supplier to Purchaser, including Licensed Adjuvants delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this   Section 6.3  ,  which at the time of the effective date of termination were not paid for by Purchaser, and Purchaser shall within [* * *] days following receipt of the invoice referred to in clause (ii) of this   Section 6.3   pay the full amount of such invoice to Supplier. 
  (b)   Escrow  .  Supplier shall ensure that any and all reasonably available know-how actually used by Supplier in the manufacturing and production of Licensed Adjuvants supplied hereunder,  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

including, without limitation, the preparation, testing and storage of such Licensed Adjuvants and the handling, storage and disposal of any residues or wastes generated thereby for the supply of Licensed Adjuvants (collectively, the    Escrow Materials   ), is placed in escrow with a mutually agreeable third party escrow agent in the United States of America within [* * *] days of the first delivery of Licensed Adjuvants to Purchaser.  At such time Supplier shall provide Purchaser with an index of the Escrow Materials that have been supplied to the escrow agent.  If there are any material changes in the Escrow Materials, including the production process or any documents that have been supplied to the escrow agent, Supplier shall promptly file revised documentation with the escrow agent, and send a revised index of Escrow Materials to both Purchaser and the escrow agent.  The costs for the escrow agent shall be borne by Purchaser, and each Party shall carry their respective costs in connection with activities related to the escrow arrangement.  Supplier shall at all times be entitled to gain access to the Escrow Materials to make back-up copies thereof. 
  (c)   Release of Escrow Materials and Technology Transfer  .  If this Agreement is terminated by Purchaser in accordance with   Sections 6.2(a)   or   6.2(d)   hereunder, Supplier hereby agrees (i) that, within fifteen (15) days of the termination of this Agreement, (A) the Escrow Materials shall be released into the possession of Purchaser and/or to Third Party manufacturers designated by Purchaser and (B) to the extent such information is not included in the Escrow Materials, to disclose to Purchaser (or to Third Party manufacturers designated by Purchaser) any and all reasonably available know-how necessary or useful in the manufacturing and production of Licensed Adjuvants supplied hereunder, including, without limitation, the preparation, testing and storage of such Licensed Adjuvants and the handling, storage and disposal of any residues or wastes generated thereby and deliver to Purchaser (or to Third Party manufacturers designated by Purchaser) all physical embodiments (including all documents and samples) of such knowhow, (ii) immediately upon such termination, Supplier will grant to Purchaser a non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide license (with the right to grant sublicenses) under the Licensed Technology to make, or have made, Licensed Adjuvants in the Field in the Territory, solely for the purpose of fulfilling Supplier s responsibilities hereunder and under the LCA, and (iii) to provide Purchaser with technology transfer assistance in order to enable Purchaser to successfully manufacture Licensed Adjuvants necessary for the manufacture of Licensed Products whether Purchaser manufactures at its own facilities or contracts with Third Party manufacturers for the supply of Licensed Adjuvants, including the assistance described in   Section 6.3(c)(i)   below (clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this sentence collectively, a    Technology Transfer   ). 
  (i)      Manufacturing Transition  .  As soon as practicable after the termination of this Agreement, Supplier shall also provide Purchaser with technical assistance reasonably requested by Purchaser to transition manufacturing of Licensed Adjuvants to Purchaser (or to Third Party manufacturers designated by Purchaser) including, without limitation, (A) making arrangements for Purchaser or its designee to observe Supplier s existing manufacturing and testing processes, (B) making appropriate personnel available to Purchaser at reasonable times and places upon reasonable notice for the purpose of assisting Purchaser to understand and use the know-how  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

described in this   Section 6.3   to establish fully functional and cGMP compliant production facilities for the manufacture of Licensed Adjuvants, and (C) transitioning to Purchaser relationships with any Third Party supplier, vendors and contractors, to the extent such relationships are necessary or useful for the manufacture of Licensed Adjuvants, including the assignment to Purchaser, if legally possible, of contracts between Supplier and such Third Party supplier, vendors and contractors;   provided  ,   however  , that Supplier shall not be obliged transfer or assign any relationships with Third Party supplier, vendors and contractors for commodity services or products generally available on the market. 
  (ii)      Term of Supplier s Obligations  . Supplier s technology transfer obligations under this   Section 6.3(c)   shall endure until Purchaser has established at least one cGMP compliant manufacturing facility (either itself or through Third Party manufacturers designated by Purchaser) capable of manufacturing the Licensed Adjuvants in sufficient quantities and of sufficient quality to support Regulatory Approval and commercialization of each Licensed Product. 
  (iii)      Confidential Information  .  To the extent that the Escrow Materials and any other information or materials disclosed by Supplier to Purchaser in a Technology Transfer under these   Sections 6.3(b)   and   (c)   constitutes Confidential Information of Supplier, it shall be subject to the provisions of ARTICLE 7 and any designated alternative Third Party supplier shall be required to enter into a confidentiality agreement with Supplier containing substantially the same terms as ARTICLE 7. 
  6.4      Survival.   In the event of any termination or expiration of this Agreement, each of the provisions of ARTICLE 1, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 and   Sections 2.9  ,   3.5  ,    3.7  ,    3.8  ,  and   3.9   and other terms that by their nature are intended to survive, shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement and continue to be enforceable.  In no event shall termination of this Agreement release either Party from any accrued obligation, including Purchaser s obligation to pay any amounts that became due on or before the effective date of termination. 
  ARTICLE 7       CONFIDENTIALITY 
  All information provided by one Party to the other Party in connection with this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Adjuvant Specifications and Rolling and Binding Forecasts) is subject to the confidentiality and non-use obligations under Article 8 of the LCA, which are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference.  The Adjuvant Specifications shall be deemed to have been provided by the Purchaser and shall be the Confidential Information of the Purchaser. 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

ARTICLE 8       WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 
  8.1      General Representations and Warranties  .  Each Party makes representations and warranties to the other Party in the LCA that relate to this Agreement, and those representations and warranties are hereby incorporated by reference. 
  8.2      Additional Representations and Warranties of Supplier  .  Supplier hereby represents, warrants, and covenants to Purchaser that: 
  (a) with respect to each delivery of Licensed Adjuvants, at the time of such delivery, the Licensed Adjuvants (i) have been Manufactured, stored and shipped in accordance with all Applicable Laws in effect at the time of Manufacture; (ii) conform to the Adjuvant Specifications and cGMP, are free from defects in materials and workmanship; (iii) are not adulterated or misbranded; and (iv) have been shipped and stored in accordance with approved procedures agreed between the Parties;   provided  ,   however   that nothing in this   Section 8.2(a)   shall, or is intended to, alter Purchaser s rights under ARTICLE 5. 
  (b) it has good and marketable title to all Licensed Adjuvants and the Licensed Adjuvants are free from all liens, charges, encumbrances and security interests; 
  (c) Except for claims made in the CSL Allegations and the  620 Patent and the  703 Patent (as such terms are defined in the LCA), the Manufacture, use, importation, offer for sale and sale of Licensed Adjuvants do not infringe any intellectual property rights of any Third Party; and 
  (d) it did not use in any capacity the services of any person debarred under the U.S.  Generic Drug Enforcement Act, 21 USA  335a(k)(l) and further it did not use any person who has been convicted of a crime as defined under the Generic Drug Enforcement Act in connection with the Manufacture of Licensed Adjuvants or any service rendered to Purchaser. 
  ARTICLE 9       INDEMNITIES AND DAMAGES 
  9.1        Indemnifications 
  (a)        Supplier shall indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Purchaser, its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (together, the    Purchaser Indemnitees   ) from and against any and all Third Party claims, suits, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, fees and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses of litigation and costs for enforcing this indemnity) (   Losses   ) to the extent arising out of or resulting from (i) any material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other obligations of Supplier, its Affiliates or its Sub-Manufacturers under this Agreement, (ii) any Recall  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

attributable to the performance of Supplier, its Affiliates or its SubManufacturers, (iii) the negligent acts or omissions of Supplier, its Affiliates or its SubManufacturers, and (iv) the failure of Supplier, its Affiliates or its Sub-Manufacturers to comply with any Applicable Law, except, in each case (i) through (iv), to the extent any such Losses are indemnifiable by Purchaser under Section 9.1(b). 
  (b)    Purchaser shall indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Supplier, its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (together, the    Supplier Indemnitees   ) from and against any and all Losses to the extent arising out of or resulting from, directly or indirectly, (i) any material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other obligations of Purchaser under this Agreement (ii) the negligent acts or omissions of Purchaser, (iii) Purchaser s failure to comply with any Applicable Law or (iv) any claims of any nature relating to Manufacturing activities performed by, on behalf of or under the authority of Purchaser with the exception of those activities performed by Supplier, its Affiliates or its Sub-Manufacturers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,   except  , in each case (i) through (iv), to the extent any such Losses are indemnifiable by Supplier under   Section 9.1(a)  . 
  9.2    Indemnification Process.  In the event a third party brings a claim against any Purchaser Indemnitees or Supplier Indemnitees, such claim will be handled in the manner provided in Section 10.6.3 of the LCA. 
  9.3      Limitation of Liability  .  NEITHER PARTY HERETO SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE EXERCISE OF ITS RIGHTS HEREUNDER, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF SUCH DAMAGES.  NOTHING IN THIS   SECTION 9.3   IS INTENDED TO LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF EITHER PARTY OR TO LIMIT A PARTY S LIABILITY FOR BREACHES OF ITS OBLIGATION REGARDING CONFIDENTIALITY UNDER ARTICLE 7. 
  9.4      Insurance  .  The Parties will maintain insurance as provided in Section 10,6 of the LCA. 
  ARTICLE 10       DISCLAIMER 
  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR EXTENDS ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY TECHNOLOGY OR OTHER SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL OF THE FOREGOING. 
  ARTICLE 11       MISCELLANEOUS 
  11.1      Dispute Resolution; Governing Law  . 
  (a)   Disputes  .  Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, in the event of any dispute arising under this Agreement between the Parties, the Parties may refer such dispute to the respective Executive Officers, and such Executive Officers shall attempt in good faith to resolve such dispute.  If the Parties are unable to resolve a given dispute pursuant to this   Section 11.1   within sixty (60) days of referring such dispute to the Executive Officers, either Party shall be free to pursue any remedy that may be available to it at law or in equity. 
  (b)   Jurisdiction  .  All disputes arising out of or in connection with the present contract shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one (1) arbitrator appointed in accordance with the said Rules.  The arbitrator may grant injunctive or other relief in such dispute or controversy.  The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Parties to the arbitration.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s decision in any court of competent jurisdiction.  The Parties agree that, any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, they will not request and the arbitrator shall have no authority to award, punitive or exemplary damages against either Party.  The costs of the arbitration, including administrative and arbitrator s fees, as well as the other Party s reasonable attorneys  fees and expert witness fees shall be borne by the losing Party. Nothing in this Section 10.1 shall preclude either Party from seeking interim or provisional relief in the form of a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim relief concerning a dispute prior to or during an arbitration pursuant to this   Section 11.1  necessary to protect the interests of such Party.  If the arbitration is initiated by Supplier, the place of arbitration shall be Boston, MA, USA, and if the arbitration is initiated by Purchaser, the place of the arbitration shall be Stockholm, Sweden.  The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English. 
  (c)   Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be construed and the respective rights of the Parties determined according to the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts notwithstanding the provisions governing conflict of laws under such Massachusetts law to the contrary. 
  11.2      Assignment  .  No Party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other Party; provided that either Party may assign this Agreement to the same extent as the LCA is permitted to be assigned under Section 11.4 of the LCA. 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

11.3      Successors  .  Subject to   Section 11.2  .  the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, each of which successors and permitted assigns will be deemed to be a Party hereto for all purposes hereof. 
  11.4      Amendments  .  This Agreement and the Exhibits referred to in this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral.  Any amendment or modification to this Agreement shall be made in writing signed by both Parties (except as may be specifically provided in the LCA). 
  11.5      Notices  .  Any consent, notice or report required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement by one of the Parties hereto to the other shall be in writing and (a) delivered by hand, (b) sent by nationally recognized overnight delivery service, (c) sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) sent by facsimile transmission confirmed by prepaid, registered or certified mail letter, and shall be deemed to have been properly served to the addressee upon receipt of such written communication, in any event to the following addresses: 
  If to Purchaser:    Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  161 First Street  
  Suite 2C 
  Cambridge, MA 02142  
  Attn: Chief Executive Officer  
  Telephone: (617) 876-8191 
  Fax: (617) 876-8192 
  with a copy to:    Ropes   Gray LLP  
  One International Place  
  Boston, MA 02110  
  Attn: Marc A.  Rubenstein  
  Telephone: (617) 951-7000  
  Fax: (617) 235-0706 
  If to Supplier:    Isconova AB 
  Uppsala Science Park, SE-751 83 Uppsala, Sweden  
  Attn: CEO 
  Telephone: +46 18 57 24 00  
  Fax: +46 18 57 24 01 
  with a copy to:    Advokatfirman Lindahl KB 
  SE-751 42 Uppsala, Sweden 
  Attn: Mikael Smedeby and Hugo Norl n 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Telephone: +46 18 16 18 50 
  Fax: +46 16 14 46 79 
  Either Party may change its address to which notices shall be sent by giving notice to the other Party in the manner herein provided. 
  11.6      Force Majeure  .  No failure or omission by either Party in the performance of any obligation of this Agreement shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement or create any liability if the same shall arise from any cause or causes beyond the reasonable control of such Party, including the following: acts of god: acts or omissions of any government; any rules, regulations or orders issued by any governmental authority or by any officer, department, agency or instrumentality thereof; fire; storm; flood; earthquake; accident; war; terrorist act; rebellion; insurrection; riot; and invasion;   provided   that such Party provides notice to the other Party of such an event, and the non-performing Party uses Commercially Reasonable Efforts to cure such failure or omission resulting from one of the above causes as soon as is practicable;   provided     further   that, in the event the suspension of performance continues for ninety (90) days, and such failure to perform would constitute a material breach of this Agreement in the absence of such force majeure event, the non-affected Party may terminate this Agreement for the nonperforming Party s material breach. 
  11.7      Independent Contractors  .  It is understood and agreed that the relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors and that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as authorization for either Party to act as agent for the other.  Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to create an employment, agency, joint venture or partnership relationship between the Parties or any of their agents or employees for any purpose, including tax purposes, or to create any other legal arrangement that would impose liability upon one Party for the act or failure to act of the other Party.  Neither Party shall have any express or implied power to enter into any contracts or commitments or to incur any liabilities in the name of, or on behalf of, the other Party, or to bind the other Party in any respect whatsoever. 
  11.8      Further Assurances  .  Each Party hereto agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments, and to do all other acts, as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
  11.9      No Strict Construction  .  This Agreement has been prepared jointly and shall not be strictly construed against either Party. 
  11.10      Headings  .  The captions or headings of the sections or other subdivisions hereof are inserted only as a matter of convenience or for reference and shall have no effect on the meaning of the provisions hereof. 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

11.11      No Implied Waivers; Rights Cumulative  .  No failure on the part of either Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power, remedy or privilege under this Agreement, or provided by statute or at law or in equity or otherwise, shall impair, prejudice or constitute a waiver of any such right, power, remedy or privilege or be construed as a waiver of any breach of this Agreement or as an acquiescence therein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power, remedy or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, remedy or privilege. 
  11.12      Severability  .  If any provision hereof should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction, the Parties hereto shall substitute, by mutual consent, valid provisions for such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions, which valid provisions in their economic effect are sufficiently similar to the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions that it can be reasonably assumed that the Parties would have entered into this Agreement with such valid provisions.  In case such valid provisions cannot be agreed upon, the invalid, illegal or unenforceable of one or several provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity of this Agreement as a whole, unless the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions are of such essential importance to this Agreement that it is to be reasonably assumed that the Parties would not have entered into this Agreement without the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 
  11.13      No Third Party Beneficiaries  .  No person or entity other than each Party and their respective Affiliates and permitted assignees hereunder shall be deemed an intended beneficiary hereunder or have any right to enforce any obligation of this Agreement. 
  11.14      No Transfer of Intellectual Property  .  Except pursuant to   Section 6.3(c)   each Party agrees that no Intellectual Property (as such term is defined in the LCA) is being transferred to the other Party as a result of this Agreement and any transfer of Intellectual Property between the Parties relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be as set forth in the LCA. 
  11.15      Execution in Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the Parties have caused their duly authorized representatives to execute this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
  GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
  By:      /s/ M. Leavenworth Bakali     
  Name:      M. Leavenworth Bakali     
  Title:      President and CEO     
  ISCONOVA AB 
  By:      /s/ Ulf Tossmann     
  Name:      Ulf Tossmann     
  Title:      Board of Director     
  By:      /s/ Benet Falk     
  Name:      Benet Falk     
  Title:      President and CEO     
  By:      /s/ Eva-Lotta Allen     
  Name:      Eva-Lotta Allen     
  Title:           Non-Executive Director    ______ 
  
   1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

Exhibit Index  
  to 
  Supply and Manufacturing Agreement 
  Exhibit A    Adjuvant Specifications 
  Exhibit B    Sub-Manufacturers 
  Exhibit C    Methods of Analysis 
  Exhibit D    Adverse Event Reporting Procedures 
  Exhibit E    Commodity Vaccine Basket 
  Exhibit F    [Reserved] 
  Exhibit G    Quality Agreement 

1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

EXHIBIT A  
  Adjuvant Specifications 
  [Reserved] 

1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

EXHIBIT B  
  Sub-Manufacturers 
    
  [* * *] 
  
   1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

EXHIBIT C  
  Methods of Analysis 
  [Reserved] 

1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

EXHIBIT D  
  Adverse Event Reporting Procedures 
  [Reserved] 

1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

EXHIBIT E 
  Commodity Vaccine Basket 
  [* * *] 

1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

EXHIBIT F  
  [Reserved] 

1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

EXHIBIT G  
  Quality Agreement 

1 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Exhibit E   Commercial Partner Agreement 
  Effective as of [ ] by and between; 
  Isconova AB, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Sweden and having a principal place of business at Uppsala Science Park, SE-751 83 Uppsala, Sweden (   Isconova   ), and 
  [...] (the    Commercial Partner   ). 
           1. 
    Commercial Partner hereby acknowledges that Isconova has licensed certain Licensed Technology, to Genocea Biosciences, Inc.  within the Field ( Genocea ) relating to Licensed Adjuvants under a License Agreement effective as of [...], a copy of which is attached hereto (the   License ). 
              2. 
    The Parties hereby acknowledge that all terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings as set forth in the hereto-attached version of the License. 
              3. 
    Isconova agrees that, in the event that Genocea shall be found in material breach of its obligations to Isconova under the License and as a result of such material breach, the License is terminated by Isconova in accordance with its terms, Commercial Partner shall be allowed to continue to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize as allowed hereunder and in the License, as long as Commercial Partner agrees to pay, directly to Isconova, all amounts (including royalties and milestone payments) to which Isconova would have been entitled to receive under the License as a result of Commercial Partner s activities in association with the Licensed Products. 
              4. 
    If Commercial Partner is notified, by Isconova or Genocea or otherwise, that the License has been terminated, such termination shall not affect the rights of the Commercial Partner to Develop, Manufacture, and Commercialize Licensed Products in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Further, from the effective date of such termination, Commercial Partner shall, if so requested by Commercial Partner in writing, automatically become a direct licensee of Isconova in relation to the Licensed Technology with respect to and on the same terms as the rights originally sublicensed to Commercial Partner by Genocea.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances shall Isconova have obligations to Commercial Partner that are greater than those owed by Isconova to Genocea under the License as a result of the preceding sentence.  To the extent that the foregoing constitutes a grant of rights under the Licensed Technology, such rights shall be contingent and, in the event of a failure to make any such payments or any other material breach by the Commercial Partner, terminate upon  

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

thirty (30) days after Commercial Partner s receipt of prior written notification describing the nature of Commercial Partner s breach if such breach is not cured during such 30-day period. 
           5. 
    No more than once every year, in order to monitor the Commercial Partner s royalty payments pursuant to Section 3 above, the Licensor may cause, at its own cost and expense, an independent certified public accountant to inspect during normal business hours the Commercial Partner s records of sales of Licensed Products for the past three (3) years and any amounts paid or payable to Isconova in relation to such Licensed Products.  The parties shall reconcile any underpayment or overpayment within thirty (30) days after the accountant delivers the results of the audit.  In the event that any such audit performed reveals any underpayment in excess of five percent (5%) during any royalty period being subject to audit, then the Commercial Partner shall bear the full cost of any such audit. 
              6. 
    Except as required by law, no Party shall originate any publication, news release or other public announcement, written or oral, whether in the public press, or stockholders  reports, or otherwise relating to the contents of this Commercial Partner Agreement without the prior written approval of the other Party, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
              7. 
    This Commercial Partner Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without reference to conflict of laws principles.  All disputes arising out of or in connection with the present contract shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one (1) arbitrator appointed in accordance with the said Rules.  The costs of the arbitration, including administrative and arbitrator s fees, as well as the other party s reasonable attorneys  fees and expert witness fees shall be borne by the losing party.  The place of arbitration shall be Stockholm, Sweden.  The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English. 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

In witness whereof, the undersigned parties have duly executed this Commercial Partner Agreement, effective as of the date first above written. 
  Isconova AB    [Commercial    Partner] 
  By:    By: 
  Printed Name:    Printed Name: 
  Title:    Title: 
  Acknowledgement 
  The content of this Commercial Partner Agreement is hereby acknowledged  
  Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  By:    By: 
  Printed Name:    Printed Name: 
  Title:    Title 

1 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

Amendment 1 

March 19, 2010 
  Isconova AB 
  Uppsala Science Park, SE-751 83 Uppsala, 
  Sweden 
  Attn: Lena S derstr m CEO 
           Re: 
    License and Collaboration Agreement by and between Genocea Biosciences, Inc. and Isconova AB 
     Dear Lena: 
  I am writing to memorialize our conversation and agreement regarding certain provisions of the License and Collaboration Agreement referred to above (the  Agreement ).  Unless otherwise defined below, capitalized terms used in this letter will have the meaning given to them in the Agreement.  As we discussed, the terms described in this letter will govern the price to be paid by Genocea for Clinical Supplies for the Phase I clinical trial for Herpes Simplex Virus 2 (the  Phase I Supplies ) notwithstanding our differing interpretations of the language in Exhibit C-2 of the Agreement.  Specifically, we agree that Genocea will pay to Isconova [* * *]% of the total production cost for Phase I Supplies, excl. VAT, so that Genocea s share of such total production costs are equal to approximately SEK[* * *] (Genocea s share of such total production costs, the  Supply Payment ) as Genocea s full payment obligation for the Phase I Supplies.  The basis for this amount is set forth in the schedules attached to this letter, and Genocea s [* * *]% contribution will be paid as set forth in the following paragraph. 
  Genocea will make a payment on account representing 1/3 of the Supply Payment (approximately   $  [* * *]     USD  ) within ten days from the date of this letter and receipt of invoice thereof from Isconova.  Isconova will apply such payment against payments made by Isconova to third parties for the production of Phase I Supplies (it being understood that Isconova will pay  
  
   1 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

its invoices in SEK, and that the corresponding sums paid in USD may differ slightly due to the applicable exchange rate) until such payments to third parties equal twice the amount of the initial made by Genocea.  After Isconova has made payments to third parties for Phase I Supplies equal to twice the initial payment made by Genocea, Isconova will invoice Genocea each month (payment terms: 10 days net) for the costs representing [* * *]% of the amounts incurred by Isconova to third parties during the prior month for production of Phase 1 Supplies. 
  For clarity, it is agreed that the payment of the Supply Payment will not affect Genocea s obligations to pay the amounts otherwise owed by Genocea to Isconova pursuant to Section 6.8 of the Agreement 
  In addition, in order to avoid future misunderstanding regarding the cost of clinical supplies, we agree to promptly commence good faith negotiations of an amendment to Exhibit C-2 to clarify the language of Exhibit C-2 regarding die price to be paid for Preclinical and Clinical Supplies to be supplied by Isconova to Genocea other than the Phase I Supplies. 
  Except as modified by this letter, we agree that the provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  We appreciate the strong relationship that our two companies have formed, and we look forward to continuing to work with Isconova. 
  If you are in agreement with the provisions set forth in this letter, please countersign this letter where indicated below and return it to my attention at your earliest convenience. 
  Very truly yours, 
  GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
  By:   /s/ Mustpha Leavenworth Bakali 
  Mustapha Leavenworth Bakali 
  President and CEO 
  AGREED: 
  ISCONOVA AB 
  By:_  /s/ Lena S derstr m     ___ 
  Lena S derstr m  
  President and CEO 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Amendment 2 
  
  June 18, 2010 
  VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS 
  CONFIDENTIAL 
  Lena S derstr m  
  Chief Executive Officer  
  Isconova AB  
  Uppsala Science Park  
  SE-751 83 Uppsala  
  Sweden 
  Re:  Selection of Disease Fields pertaining to the License and Collaboration Agreement by and between Genocea Biosciences, Inc. and Isconova AB dated August 5th, 2009 
  Dear Lena, 
  We are writing with respect to the above referenced agreement.  All capitalized terms used below have the meaning given to the in such agreement. 
  Pursuant to Article 2, Section 2.1.2 of the above referenced agreement, Genocea Biosciences hereby designates the following three Diseases as Time Limited Exclusive Option Field Candidates: 
  1.      [* * *] 
  2.      [* * *] 
  3.      [* * *] 
  Pursuant to Article 2, Section 2.1.3 and Section 3 of the above referenced agreement, Genocea Biosciences hereby designates the following Disease as a Non-Exclusive Option Field Candidate: 
  1  .    [* * *] 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Pursuant to Sections 2.1.2 and 2.1.3, Isconova has twenty business days from the date of this letter which is the Time Limited Exclusive Field Date, to notify Genocea of the availability of a license to these Diseases.  Please let us know your response on the above disease nominations. 
  Regards, 
  /s/ Robert E. Farrell, Jr. 
    
  Robert E. Farrell, Jr.  
  Vice President Finance   Administration 
  cc: Marc Rubenstein, Ropes   Gray 
  cc: Mikael Smedeby, Advokatfirman Lindhal KB 
  Genocea Biosciences, Inc  |  161 First Street. Suite 2C  |  Cambridge MA 02139 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Bob Farrell 
      From:     Staph Bakali 
  Sent:     Thursday, June 24,   2010 4:34   AM 
  To:     Lena S derstr m 
  Cc:     Bob Farrell 
  Subject:     RE: Genocea Field Nominations:  Strictly Confidential 
  Thanks Lena.  You rapid response is much appreciated.  All the best Staph 
      From:   Lena S derstr m [mailto:Lena.Soderstrom@isconova.se] 
  Sent:   Thursday, June 24, 2010 3:50 AM  
  To:   Staph Bakali  
  Cc:   Bob Farrell 
  Subject:   SV: Genocea Field Nominations: Strictly Confidential Hi Staph, 
  Thanks for your nomination.  I hereby confirm your nomination for the three time limited and one non-exclusive field - they are all available. 
  Looking forward to get more information about the plans for the future. 
  Have a nice week end. 
  Lena 
      Fr n:   Staph Bakali [staph.bakali@genocea.com] 
  Skickat:   den 18 juni 2010 17:44  
  Till:   Lena S derstr m  
  Kopia:   Bob Farrell 
   mne:   Genocea Field Nominations: Strictly Confidential  
  Hi Lena, 
  Good to talk with you yesterday- please find attached our formal nomination for the 3 time limited exclusive fields and one non-exclusive field. 
  We look forward to your confirmation. 
  All the best 
  Staph 
  Staph Leavenworth Bakali  
  President   CEO  
  Genocea Biosciences  
  161 First Street, Suite 2C  
  Cambridge, MA 02142 
   staph.bakali@genocea.com     
  617.876.8191 ext 201 (w) 
  617.599.4220 (c) 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Amendment 3 
  
  August 17, 2010 
  VIA FED EX 
  STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
  Lena S derstr m  
  Chief Executive Officer  
  Isconova AB  
  Uppsala Science Park  
  SE-751 83 Uppsala  
  Sweden 
  Re:  Amendment to License and Collaboration Agreement by and between Genocea Biosciences, Inc. and Isconova AB dated August 5, 2009 (the  Agreement ) 
  Dear Lena, 
  We are writing with respect to the above referenced Agreement.  All capitalized terms used below have the meaning given to the in Agreement. 
  By your signature below, Isconova AB agrees that Section 1.26(b) of the Agreement ( herpes zoster (shingles) ) shall be replaced with  varicella zoster . 
  Except as modified by this letter, you agree that the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
  Regards, 
  GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
  By:   /s/ Mustpha Leavenworth Bakali  _ 
  Mustapha Leavenworth Bakali 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  AGREED: 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

ISCONOVA AB 
  By:   /s/ Lena S derstr m____    
  Lena S derstr m  
  Chief Executive Office 
  cc:  Marc Rubenstein, Ropes   Gray LLP 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Amendment 4 
  Amendment No. 4  to the      Isconova License and Collaboration Agreement 
  October 19, 2011 
  STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
  Russell Greig, PhD 
  Acting Chief Executive Officer 
  Isconova AB 
  Kungsgatan 109 
  SE-753 18 Uppsala 
  Sweden 
  Re:  Amendment to License and Collaboration Agreement by and between Genocea  Biosciences, Inc. and Isconova AB dated August 5, 2009 (the "Agreement") 
  Dear Russell, 
  We are writing with respect to the above referenced Agreement.  All capitalized terms used below have the meaning given to the in Agreement. 
  By your signature below, Isconova AB agrees to extend the period in which Genocea Biosciences, Inc. can nominate one (1) additional Non-Exclusive Field under Section 2.1.3(a) of the Agreement for six (6) months past the initial expiration of the twenty four (24) month evaluation period, to February 5, 2012. 
  Except as modified by this letter, you agree that the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
  Regards, 
  GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
  By:      /s/ Chip Clark                 
  Chip Clark 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

AGREED: 
  ISCONOVA AB 
  By:      /s/ Russell Greig             
  Russell Greig, PhD 
  Acting Chief Executive Officer 
    
  cc: Marc Rubenstein, Ropes   Gray LLP 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Amendment 5 
    
  Amendment No. 5  to the      Isconova License and Collaboration Agreement 
  February 6, 2012 
  Isconova AB 
  Uppsala Science Park, SE-751 83 Uppsala, 
  Sweden 
  Attn: Gerd Rundstrom, Chief Operating Officer 
  Dear Gerd, 
  Following our phone conversation this morning, I wanted to memorialize our understanding of the additional costs related to costs of the clinical and tox batch supply for our pre-clinical and Phase 1 studies.  This letter will amend the agreement of costs per the signed letter between Genocea and Isconova dated March 19, 2010.  In that letter, the total projected costs for expected to be [* * *] SEK, where Genocea would be responsible for [* * *]% of the costs.  The revised total final costs are now projected to be [* * *] SEK per attachment A, which Genocea has agreed to be responsible for [* * *]% or [* * *] SEK. 
  Except as modified by this letter, all other provisions in the Agreement remain unchanged.  If you are in agreement of the provisions set forth in this letter, please sign this letter and return it to my attention. 
  Sincerely, 
  Genocea Biosciences, Inc. 
  By:      /s/ Robert E. Farrell Jr.     
  Robert E. Farrell Jr. CPA 
  Vice President Finance   Admin 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

AGREED: 
  Isconova AB 
  By:      /s/ Gerd Rundstrom         
  Gerd Rundstrom 
  Chief Operating Officer 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT 
  EXHIBIT F 
  SAFETY DATA EXCHANGE AGREEMENT  
  BETWEEN NOVAVAX, INC. and GENOCEA BIOSCIENCES, INC.  
    
  Whereas, Novavax, Inc. (   Novavax   ) and Genocea Biosciences, Inc. (   Collaborator   ) (hereinafter referred to individually as a    Party    and collectively as the    Parties    when an obligation falls equally on both), are parties to that certain License and Collaboration Agreement originally dated as on 05 August 2009, as amended (the    License Agreement   ), originally executed by Isconova AB, which has subsequently become a majority-owned affiliate of Novavax. The Parties now wish to amend the License Agreement and agree as follows: 
           1. 
    Amendment:   The License Agreement is amended by the addition of this Exhibit F, the Safety Data Exchange Agreement (the    Safety Data Exchange Agreement   ), which is hereby attached to and incorporated therein. Unless otherwise noted, defined terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the defined meaning in the License Agreement. 
              2. 
    Rationale and Definition  : Novavax and Collaborator agree to mutually disclose confidential clinical and non-clinical safety data (the    Safety Data   ) as specified below. Sharing Safety Data ensures a high level of safety for the clinical trial subjects and complies with the current international and local guidelines for pharmacovigilance and risk management. Both parties may be required to inform Regulatory Authorities, ethical review boards, clinical investigators and in some cases clinical trial subjects of new and important safety information related to the Matrix-M  adjuvant in connection with vaccines containing any formulation of the Matrix-M  adjuvant. Sharing this Safety Data facilitates the maintenance of a comprehensive database of safety data to generate and submit information to Regulatory Authorities and for the information of clinical trial investigators and clinical trial subjects. This Safety Data information will be deemed to be  Confidential Information  subject to Article 8 of the License Agreement. Letters of authorization to cross reference Drug Master Files (DMFs), Investigational New Drug Applications (INDs) and IND amendments, Clinical Trial Applications (CTAs), or other clinical/regulatory filing will be provided so that regulatory agencies may review data solely for the exercise of each Party s rights and the performance of each Party s obligations under the License Agreement. 
              3. 
    Study Product:   For purposes of this Safety Data Exchange Agreement,    Study Product    means any test article that contains (or, if the study blind is not broke in a clinical trial, may contain) Matrix-M   TM    adjuvant administered in conjunction with vaccine antigens or alone.  
     
     Page 1 of 1 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

4. 
    Scope:   The scope of the Safety Data information to be shared under the License Agreement encompasses, subject to the limitations cited below, the Matrix-M  adjuvant as a standalone product and as incorporated into the formulation of any vaccines under development by either or both Parties, under the License Agreement or any subsequent agreement(s) between the Parties, and by any Third Party (including, but not limited to, a company, institution, or individual investigator) known to Novavax that has been granted a license to use Matrix-M  in a vaccine formulation; provided that any Safety Data information from a Third Party is only included to the extent that a Party can share that Safety Data information without breaching any obligation owed to a Third Party.     This scope shall be deemed to include human clinical trial safety data, regardless of whether the vaccine antigen and adjuvant are co-formulated at time of manufacture or mixed at some other time prior to administration, data arising from GLP-compliant non-clinical safety studies and also any other non-clinical data which could be reasonably construed to contribute to the overall safety profile, whether originating in GLP-compliant or non-GLP-compliant safety studies. 
              5. 
    Limitations:   This Safety Data Exchange Agreement applies solely to products in non-clinical and clinical development. Products that attain marketing approval in any jurisdiction will be subject to a new agreement, put in place at or around the time of approval, which will specify the obligations and procedures relative to product-specific, post-marketing and pharmacovigilance programs required by the relevant jurisdiction. 
              6. 
    Obligations for Information Sharing Between the Parties:  
              a. 
    Collaborator Obligations:   Collaborator agrees to use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to (a) notify Novavax in writing prior to the start date of each GLP-compliant non-clinical safety study in animals and each clinical trial, and (b) provide to Novavax the following information arising from all development programs within the scope of this agreement as defined in Paragraph 2     and to the extent relating to the Matrix-M  adjuvant, which information, in the case of clinical trials and safety reports arising from clinical trials, will not contain any  individually identifiable health information,  as that term is defined for purposes of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as may be amended from time to time ( HIPAA ), except as expressly permitted by Applicable Law and with prior notice to the other Party:  
              1. 
    Non-Clinical Safety Studies 
              i. 
    In the case of GLP-compliant non-clinical safety studies in animals: 
              a. 
    A synopsis of the protocol design, prior to study start, including at least the test species, number and sex of test animals, route of administration and dose of Matrix-M : number of total doses, nature of any co-administered antigen, and safety endpoints to be measured. 
              b. 
    Official summary excerpted from the study report within three (3) months of signature or delivery of audited draft report, whichever is earlier.  
     
     Page 2 of 2 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

ii. 
    Observations arising from any GLP-compliant or non-GLP non-clinical safety studies which could be reasonably construed to negatively alter the overall safety profile of the Matrix-M  adjuvant, shall be reported to Novavax within two (2) Business Days, of a non-clinical safety finding determined to require reporting to Regulatory Authorities. 
              2. 
    Clinical Trials 
              i. 
    A synopsis of the protocol design, prior to study start, including at least: 
              a. 
    The sample size, and age, sex, and key inclusion/exclusion criteria for study subjects, 
              b. 
    The treatment groups, including dose levels of Matrix-M  containing groups, 
              c. 
    Number of doses and intervals, 
              d. 
    Safety endpoints to be monitored. 
              ii. 
    The final protocol, safety sections and supporting tables and listing of the final clinical study report to include all Adverse Events (AEs), Serious Adverse Events (SAEs), any separate tabulations of specific AE classes (e.g., auto-immune disease) and clinical safety laboratory data, within six (6) months or an alternatively agreed upon timeframe, of trial completion (defined as the last in-clinic visit of the last subject) or upon signature, whichever occurs first. SAS datasets as related to safety endpoints will be made available. 
              iii. 
    Notice of any clinical holds, voluntary treatment holds, or similar significant actions relating to the safety of Matrix-M  that are taken by Collaborator or any Third Party including an investigational site, ethical review board, or safety monitoring body, or by a Regulatory Authority. Notice will be transmitted within one (1) Business Day after Collaborator becomes aware of the clinical hold or significant action. 
              iv. 
    Serious Adverse Event ( SAE ) reports according to the schedule below, which the Parties acknowledge may contain  individually identifiable health information  under HIPAA.   All assessments of causality will be based on the investigator s assessment  , although the Collaborator may append any information which causes the Collaborator to propose an alternative causality assessment: 
              a. 
    For SAE reports that relate to events that are fatal or immediately life-threatening and assessed as  Related,   Probably Related,  or  Possibly Related  to the Study Product   by the investigator  , Collaborator provides notification to Novavax within one (1)  
     
     Page 3 of 3 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Business Day of the date of first report receipt. In addition, a MedWatch or CIOMS I Form, completed insofar as possible, will be provided within seven (7) calendar days after the date of first notification, or at the time of submission to Regulatory Authorities. Hichever comes first. Follow up information will be provided as described below in Section 6.A.2.iv.b.  
           b. 
    For all other SAE reports that relate to events that are Unexpected and Assessed as  Related,   Probably Related,  or  Possibly Related  to the Study Product   by the investigator  , an initial a notification within one (1) Business Day of the date of first report receipt by the relevant Party accompanied by a MedWatch or CIOMS I Form, completed insofar as possible, within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date of first report receipt by the relevant Party, or at the time of submission to Regulatory Authorities, whichever comes first. Follow up information that represents a significant update or clarification will be provided concurrent with submission to Regulatory Authorities, which will be within fifteen (15) days of receipt of the relevant information.  
              c. 
    Other SAE reports, regardless of relationship, will be notified to Novavax by the 15   th    of each calendar month by means of a line listing to include all serious adverse event reports received by the Collaborator that month for recipients of any test article containing (or potentially containing, if blinded) Matrix-M  adjuvant administered in conjunction with vaccine antigens or alone. This will include all reports sent according to Sections vi.a and vi.b above, as well as any remaining SAE reports. If applicable, a report that zero (0) SAE reports were received that month will be provided. Novavax will review the line listing received and confirm that all reports that required more detailed notification during the prior month were forwarded according to Sections vi.a and vi.b. 
              v. 
    A line listing of pregnancies that have occurred in clinical trial subjects that have received any test article containing Matrix-M  adjuvant, and their outcomes, whether or not associated with an adverse outcome, to be updated monthly as per the listing of SAE reports.  
              vi. 
    The results of any safety signal detection analysis, within one (1) week of any new finding. 
     
     Page 4 of 4 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

b. 
    Novavax Obligations:   Novavax agrees to use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to provide to Collaborator the following information arising from all development programs utilizing the Matrix-M  adjuvant, which information, in the case of clinical trials and safety reports arising from clinical trials, will not contain any  individually  identifiable health information,  as that term is defined for purposes of HIPAA, except as expressly permitted by Applicable Law and with prior notice to the other Party:  
              1. 
    A cumulative Matrix-M  safety brochure, to be updated not less than annually and which will include: 
              i. 
    A brief summary of in-vitro or   in-vivo   data relating to the proposed mechanism of action of Matrix-M  
              ii. 
    A summary of any substantive manufacturing changes since the last edition; 
              iii. 
    A tabular summary of all known GLP-compliant non-clinical safety studies with number of animals, species/strain, number and timing of doses and dose level of Matrix-M , antigen category (e.g., recombinant protein, inactivated whole virus, etc.) and summary results; 
              iv. 
    A summary of any safety signals arising from any GLP-compliant or non-GLP non-clinical safety studies, 
              v. 
    A tabular summary of all clinical trials using Matrix-M  (whether sponsored by Novavax or a Collaborator) with number of subjects, age and gender, number and timing of doses and dose level of Matrix-M , antigen category (e.g., recombinant protein, inactivated whole virus, etc.) and status (completed, in progress, etc.); 
              vi. 
    A summary of local and systemic solicited reactogenicity in completed studies including Matrix-M  and carried out by Novavax (so limited so as to utilize a consistent panel of solicited terms and grading scale); 
              vii. 
    A summary of unsolicited adverse events in completed studies including Matrix-M  
              viii. 
    A tabulation of SAEs reported to Novavax in clinical trial subjects in completed clinical trials known to have received Matrix-M , or a blinded treatment in an ongoing trial that may include Matrix-M  
              ix. 
    A summary of any clinical holds, voluntary treatment holds, or similar significant actions relating to the safety of Matrix-M  that are taken by Novavax or any other Third Party including another Collaborator, an investigational site, ethical review board,  or safety monitoring body, or by a Regulatory Authority. 
              2. 
    Reports of new Serious and Unexpected Serious Adverse Reactions (SUSARs) in Novavax clinical trials, or in clinical trials conducted by Third Parties and reported to Novavax, in the categories specified in section 6.A.2.iv.a and 6.A.iv.b. and within the time fames provided therein. 
     
     Page 5 of 5 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

3. 
    Notice of any clinical holds, voluntary treatment holds,  or similar significant actions relating to the safety of Matrix-M  taken by Novavax or a Third party such as another Collaborator, an investigational site, ethical review board, safety monitoring body, or Regulatory Authority. Notice will be transmitted within one (1) Business Day after Novavax becomes aware of the clinical hold or significant action. 
              4. 
    The result of any safety signal detection analysis within one (1) week of any new finding. 
              7. 
    Obligations with Regard to Expedited Reporting of SAEs:   Each party will report serious and unexpected suspected adverse drug reactions (   SUSARs   ) to relevant Regulatory Authorities on timelines which conform with requirements of the most current revision of ICH Harmonized Tripartite Guidelines E2A and E2B(R2), United States 21CFR312.32, or local requirements in any jurisdiction supporting clinical trials, whichever is more stringent. As per 21CFR 312.32, should either Party propose to withhold expedited reporting to a U.S. IND of any qualifying event which is assessed by   the investigator   as at least possibly related to Study Product, such Party will notify the other Party prior to expiration of the relevant reporting interval. 
              8. 
    Notification and Acknowledgement of Safety Information:   Notification will be made to each Party s Contacts listed in Section 11. Each Party must acknowledge receipt of Safety Data, in writing by e-mail, within 24 hours. If receipt is not acknowledged within this timeframe, the Safety Data will be resent.  
              9. 
    Semi-annual Meetings:   The Parties agree to establish safety update meetings on at least a semiannual basis or more frequently as circumstances may necessitate. At these meetings, each Party will present, for each development program within the scope of this Safety Data Exchange Agreement: 
              a. 
    A summary of all serious adverse events, overall and during the period, in recipients of Matrix-M  or a blinded treatment in an ongoing trial that may include Matrix-M , including a separate summary of those SAEs that were either fatal or life threatening, or unexpected in nature, AND assessed by the investigator as possibly or probably related to a test article containing, or potentially containing, Matrix-M  adjuvant; 
              b. 
    A summary of any completed GLP-compliant non-clinical safety studies;  
              c. 
    A summary of any safety signal detection exercise and/or any observed significant imbalances in adverse event rates observed in clinical trials, and; 
              d. 
    A summary of any reviews of, or actions regarding, product safety data carried out by third parties (sites, ethical review boards, safety monitoring committees, regulators). 
              10. 
    Binding on Affiliates and Sublicenses:   The terms of this Safety Data Exchange Agreement will be binding upon each Party s Affiliates and Collaborator s Sublicensees. Accordingly, each sublicense granted by Collaborator to a Sublicensee pursuant to the Section 3.1.5 of the License Agreement shall be subject and subordinate to the terms and conditions of this this Safety Data Exchange Agreement and contain terms and conditions consistent with those herein. 
              11. 
    Contacts:   Contact details for the exchange of the information specified in this Safety Data Exchange Agreement are provided below: 
     
     Page 6 of 6 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

Collaborator: 
  SAE reports and all other correspondence to be sent to:  
  Email: seth.hetherington@genocea.com and sybil.tasker@genocea.com   
  Fax: +1 617 876 8192 
    
  Novavax: 
  SUSAR Reports (7 and 15 Day Reports) and Monthly SAE and Pregnancy Line Listings to be sent to: Safety@Novavax.com  
  All other correspondence to be addressed to: 
  General Counsel      Novavax, Inc.  20 Firstfield Road  Gaithersburg, MD 20878 
    
  Signatures: 
    
  On behalf of Novavax: 
    
  _/s/ John A. Herrmann__________________ (Signature)      _21 October 2014____  (Date) 
  John A. Herrmann III, SVP, General Counsel   Corporate Secretary 
    
  On behalf of Collaborator: 
  _/s/ Seth Hetherington, MD______________ (Signature)      _October 17, 2014____  (Date) 
  Seth Hetherington, MD, Chief Medical Officer 

Page 7 of 7 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 gnca-ex104_2016930xq3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.4 
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, BERKELEY 
  OFFICE OF TECHNOLOGY LICENSING 

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE 
  BETWEEN 
  GENOCEA INC. 
  AND 
  THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 
  FOR 
  ESCHERICHIA COLI K12 TO DELIVER PROTEIN TO THE MACROPHAGE 
  CYTOSOL 

UC Case No,: B98-039 
  U.S. Patent Nos.: 6,004,815; 6,287,556; 
  6,599.502; and Patent Appl. No.: 10/627,452 

EXHIBIT 10.4 
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
  1.        BACKGROUND    1 
  2.        DEFINITIONS    2 
  3.        GRANT    4 
  4.        SUBLICENSES    4 
  5.        LICENSE ISSUE FEE    7 
  6.        ROYALTIES AND MILESTONES    7 
  7.        DUE DILIGENCE    9 
  8.        PROGRESS AND ROYALTY REPORTS    11 
  9.        BOOKS AND RECORDS    12 
  10.        LIFE OF THE AGREEMENT    12 
  11.        TERMINATION BY REGENTS    13 
  12.        TERMINATION BY LICENSEE    13 
  13.        DISPOSITION OF LICENSED PRODUCTS UPON TERMINATION    14 
  14.        PATENT PROSECUTION AND MAINTENANCE    14 
  15.        MARKING    15 
  16.        USE OF NAMES AND TRADEMARKS    15 
  17.        LIMITED WARRANTIES    16 
  18.        PATENT INFRINGEMENT    16 
  19.        INDEMNIFICATION    18 
  20.        EXPORT CONTROLS    19 
  21.        GOVERNMENT APPROVAL OR REGISTRATION    20 
  22.        ASSIGNMENT    20 
  23.        NOTICES    20 
  24.        LATE PAYMENTS    20 

THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

25.        WAIVER    21 
  26.        CONFIDENTIALITY    21 
  27.        FORCE MAJEURE    22 
  28.        SEVERABILITY    22 
  29.        APPLICABLE LAW; VENUE; ATTORNEYS  FEES    22 
  30.        SCOPE OF AGREEMENT    22 

-2- 

EXHIBIT 10.4 
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, BERKELEY 
  OFFICE OF TECHNOLOGY LICENSING 

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR  
  ESCHERICHIA COLI K12 TO DELIVER PROTEIN TO THE MACROPHAGE  
  CYTOSOL 
    
  UC Case No.: B98-039 
  U.S. Patent Nos.: 6,004,815; 6287,556; 
  6,599,502; and Patent Appl. No.: 10/627,452 

This exclusive license agreement ( Agreement ) is effective August 18, 2006 ( Effective Date ), by and between THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, a California corporation, having its systemwide administrative offices at 1111 Franklin Street, 12th Floor, Oakland, California 94607-5200, acting through its Office of Technology Licensing, at the University of California, Berkeley, 2150 Shattuck Avenue, Suite 510, Berkeley, CA 94720-1620 ( REGENTS ) and   Genocea  , Inc. a Delaware corporation having a principal place of business at 140 East 45th Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10017 ( LICENSEE ). The parties agree as follows: 
  
   1 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

1. 
    BACKGROUND 
              1.1. 
    REGENTS has an assignment of the ESCHERICHIA COLI K12 TO DELIVER PROTEIN TO THE MACROPHAGE CYTOSOL invented by Daniel Portnoy, Ph.D. and Darren Higgins, Ph.D., employed by the University of California, Berkeley (the  INVENTION ), as described in REGENTS  Case No. B98-039 and to the patents and patent applications under REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS as defined below, which are directed to the INVENTION. 
              1.2. 
    LICENSEE has discussed with REGENTS its commercialization strategy for the INVENTION and business strategy in order to evaluate its capabilities as a LICENSEE. 
              1.3. 
    The development of the INVENTION was sponsored in part by various grants by U.S. Government agencies, and as a consequence, REGENTS elected to retain title to the INVENTION subject to the rights of the U.S. Government under 35 USC 200-212 and implementing regulations, including that REGENTS, in turn, has granted back to the U.S. Government a non-exclusive, non-transferable irrevocable, paid-up license to practice or have practiced the INVENTION for or on behalf of the U.S. Government throughout the world. This U.S. Government grant is NIH Contract No. R01 A127655-10. 
              1.4. 
    REGENTS and LICENSEE wish to have the INVENTION perfected and marketed as soon as possible so that products resulting therefrom may be available for public use and benefit. 
              1.5. 
    LICENSEE wishes to acquire a license under REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS for the purpose of undertaking development and to manufacture, use, sell, offer for sale and import LICENSED PRODUCTS as defined below. 
              2. 
    DEFINITIONS 
              2.1. 
     Regents  Patent Rights  means the following patents and patent applications: 
      
   -2- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

(e) 
    and/or any patents or patent applications, including, divisions, continuations, continued prosecution applications, all renewals, reissues, and extensions, re-examinations or claims in continuations-in-part applications, that are entitled to the priority filing date of any of the above-referenced U.S. patents or applications or substitutes for such patents or applications. 
              2.2. 
     LICENSED PRODUCTS  means any product, apparatus, or kit or component part thereof or other material (i) produced by, or used in the practice of the Licensed Method, or (ii) the manufacture, sale, offer for sale or import of which, in either case in the absence of the license agreement, would be an infringement of: 
              (a) 
    A valid claim of any issued, unexpired patent within Regents  Patent Rights.  A claim within Regents  Patent Rights shall be presumed to be valid unless and until it has been held to be invalid by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or is taken; or 
              (b) 
    A claim being prosecuted in a patent application that has been pending for less than five years (provided that Regents are pursuing such claim in good faith) within Regents  Patent Rights directed to the Invention (collectively (a) and (b), a  Valid Claim ). 
     
   -3- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

2.3. 
     LICENSED METHOD  means any method or process that is covered by Regents  Patent Rights, or any method or process the use or practice of which would constitute an infringement of any Valid Claims within Regents  Patent Rights. 
              2.4. 
     LICENSED FIELD OF USE  means all fields. 
              2.5. 
     NET SALES  means the gross invoice amount actually received by, and the value of non-cash consideration actually supplied to, LICENSEE for SALES of LICENSED PRODUCTS, LICENSED SERVICES, and LICENSED METHODS, less the sum of the following actual and customary deductions where applicable: cash, trade or quantity discounts; sales, use, tariff, import/export duties or other excise taxes when included in gross sales, but not value-added taxes assessed or income taxes derived from such sales; transportation charges; and allowances or credits to customers because of rejections or returns. For purposes of calculating NET SALES, a SALE to a sublicensee for end use by the sublicensee will be treated as a SALE at list price. 
              2.6. 
     AFFILIATE  of LICENSEE means any entity that, directly or indirectly, Controls LICENSEE, is Controlled by LICENSEE, or is under common Control with LICENSEE.  Control  means (i) having the actual, present capacity to elect a majority of the directors of such affiliate, (ii) having the power to direct more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting rights entitled to elect directors, or (iii) in any country where the local law will not permit foreign equity participation of a majority, ownership or control, directly or indirectly, of the maximum percentage of such outstanding stock or voting rights permitted by local law. 
              2.7. 
     LICENSED TERRITORY  means United States of America, its territories and possessions, and any foreign countries where REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS are filed. 
              2.8. 
     SALE  means, for LICENSED PRODUCTS and LICENSED SERVICES, the act of selling, leasing or otherwise transferring, providing, or furnishing such product or service, and for LICENSED METHOD, the act of performing such method, for any use or for any consideration. Correspondingly,  SELL  means to make or cause to be made a SALE, and  SOLD  means to have made or caused to be made a SALE. 
     
   -4- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

2.9. 
     LICENSED SERVICE  means a service provided using Licensed Products or Licensed Method. This excludes research funding, FTEs and like support. 
              2.10. 
     DERIVED PRODUCT(S)  means any product which includes but is not limited to a polypeptide or nucleotide sequence, biological organism, or chemical entity identified in the practice of Licensed Method or Licensed Service(s). 
              2.11. 
     Technology in Screening Capacity  means the practice of LICENSED METHOD to identify any polynucleotide, polypeptide, biological organism, or chemical entity in isolation or as a component of other matter. 
               3.1. 
    Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, including the license granted to the U.S. Government and the rights reserved in Paragraph 3.3, REGENTS hereby grants and LICENSEE hereby accepts an exclusive license under REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS to make, use, offer for SALE, import, and SELL LICENSED PRODUCTS and LICENSED SERVICES, and to practice LICENSED METHOD, in the LICENSED FIELD OF USE in the LICENSED TERRITORY. 
              3.2. 
    The licenses under Paragraph 3.1 will be exclusive for a term commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the date of the last-to-expire patent or last to be abandoned patent application licensed under REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS, whichever is later. 
              3.3. 
    Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to limit the right of REGENTS to publish any and all technical data resulting from any research performed by REGENTS relating to the INVENTION, and to make and use the INVENTION, LICENSED PRODUCTS, and LICENSED SERVICES and practice LICENSED METHOD and associated technology and to allow other educational and non-profit institutions to do so for educational and research purposes. 
              3.4. 
    LICENSEE will have a continuing responsibility to keep REGENTS informed of the large/small entity status, as defined in 15 U.S.C. 632, of itself and its sublicensees. 
     
   -5- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

3.5. 
    The INVENTION was funded in part by the U.S. Government. In accordance with 35 USC 200-212 and implementing regulations, to the extent required by law or regulation, any products covered by patent applications or patents claiming the INVENTION and sold in the United States will be substantially manufactured in the United States. 
              4. 
    SUBLICENSES 
              4.1 
    REGENTS also grants to LICENSEE the right to sublicense to third parties the 
     right to make, use, offer for SALE, import, and SELL LICENSED PRODUCTS and LICENSED SERVICES, and to practice LICENSED METHOD, provided that LICENSEE has exclusive rights under this Agreement at the time of sublicensing. 
  Every such sublicense will include: 
           (a) 
    a statement setting forth the date upon which LICENSEE s exclusive rights, privileges, and license hereunder will expire; and 
              (b) 
    as applicable, all the rights of, and require the performance of all the obligations due to, REGENTS (and, if applicable, the United States Government) under this Agreement other than those rights and obligations specified in Article 5 (License Issue Fee) and Article 6 (Royalties and Milestones). 
     
   -6- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

4.2. 
    LICENSEE will pay to REGENTS [* * *] of any cash consideration, and of the cash equivalent of all other consideration, due to LICENSEE for the grant of rights under each sublicense if the Sublicense only conveys rights to the Regents  Patent Rights. If a Sublicense conveys rights to patents other than Regents  Patent Rights then LICENSEE will pay to REGENTS [* * *] of any cash consideration, and of the cash equivalent of all other consideration that is due to LICENSEE. Sublicense revenue shall not include any amounts received by LICENSEE for equity, debt, research and development, the license or sublicense of any intellectual property other than the Regents  Patent Rights, or reimbursement for patent or other expenses. 
              4.3. 
    LICENSEE will notify REGENTS of each sublicense granted hereunder and furnish to REGENTS a copy of each such sublicense agreement. 
              4.4. 
    For purposes of this Agreement LICENSEE shall be deemed to include all its AFFILIATES and SALES by AFFILIATES shall be treated the same as SALES by LICENSEE. 
              4.5. 
    For the purposes of this Agreement, the operations of all sublicensees and AFFILIATES shall be deemed to be the operations of LICENSEE, for which LICENSEE shall be responsible. 
              4.6. 
    LICENSEE will collect and guarantee payment of all monies and other consideration due REGENTS from sublicensees and AFFILIATES, and deliver all reports due REGENTS and received from sublicensees and AFFILIATES. 
              4.7. 
    Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, all sublicenses that are granted by LICENSEE pursuant to this Agreement where the sublicensee is in compliance with its sublicense agreement as of the date of such termination will remain in effect and will be assigned to REGENTS, except that REGENTS will not be bound to perform any duties or obligations set forth in any sublicenses that extend beyond the duties and obligations of REGENTS set forth in this Agreement. 
     
   -7- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

4.8. 
    If after five (5) years from Effective Date, REGENTS (to the extent of the actual knowledge of the licensing professional responsible for administration of this case) or a third party discovers and notifies that licensing professional that the INVENTION is useful for an application covered by the LICENSED FIELD OF USE other than human therapeutics, prophylactics or diagnostics or derivative animal therapeutics, prophylactics, or diagnostics (the  New Application ), but for which LICENSED PRODUCTS have not been developed or are not currently under development by LICENSEE, then REGENTS, as represented by the Office of Technology Licensing, shall give written notice to LICENSEE, except for: 1) information that is subject to restrictions of confidentiality with third parties, and 2) information which originates with REGENTS  personnel who do not assent to its disclosure to LICENSEE, unless LICENSEE agrees to hold such information in confidence. 
     LICENSEE shall have one hundred and twenty (120) days to give REGENTS written notice stating whether LICENSEE elects to develop LICENSED PRODUCTS for the New Application. 
  If LICENSEE elects to develop and commercialize the proposed LICENSED PRODUCTS for the New Application, LICENSEE shall submit progress reports to REGENTS pursuant to Article 8 of this Agreement. 
  If LICENSEE elects not to develop and commercialize the proposed LICENSED PRODUCTS for use in the New Application, REGENTS may seek (a) third party(ies) to develop and commercialize the proposed LICENSED PRODUCTS for the New Application. If REGENTS is successful in finding a third party, it shall refer such third party to LICENSEE. If the third party requests a sublicense under this Agreement, then LICENSEE shall report the request to REGENTS within thirty (30) days from the date of such written request. If the request results in a sublicense, then LICENSEE shall report it to REGENTS pursuant to the Paragraph 4.3 of this Agreement. 
  If LICENSEE refuses to grant a sublicense to the third party, then within thirty (30) days after such refusal LICENSEE shall submit to REGENTS a report specifying the license terms proposed by the third party and a written justification for LICENSEE s refusal to grant the proposed sublicense. If REGENTS determines that the terms of the sublicense proposed by the third party are reasonable under the totality of the circumstances, taking into account  
  
   -8- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

LICENSEE s LICENSED PRODUCTS in development, then REGENTS shall have the right to grant to the third party a license to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and import products for use in the New Application at substantially the same terms last proposed to LICENSEE by the third party providing royalty rates are at least equal to those paid by LICENSEE, provided that REGENTS shall pay to LICENSEE 50% of the net consideration after reimbursement of costs, received by REGENTS from such third party. 
  
   -9- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

5. 
    LICENSE ISSUE FEE 
              5.1. 
    Upon execution of this Agreement, LICENSEE shall pay to REGENTS an upfront fee of $[* * *] due on the Effective Date of this Agreement. 
     Within nine (9) months of the Effective Date of this Agreement, LICENSEE shall issue to REGENTS in REGENTS  street name  Shellwater   Co.  such number of shares of common stock of LICENSEE equal to [* * *] of the founders stock according to the attached   cap table   on a pre-financing basis. Receipt of equity is subject to Office of the President approval. 
           6. 
    ROYALTIES AND MILESTONES 
              6.1. 
    In countries where manufacture, sale, offer for sale, import, or use of Licensed Products is [* * *], the royalty rate shall be: 
     [* * *] of Net Sales for any Derived Product(s) by LICENSEE derived from use of Technology in Screening Capacity which may not be reduced by any provision of the this Agreement. 
  [* * *] of Net Sales of any Licensed Product by LICENSEE which may not be reduced to less than [* * *] by any term or provision of the this Agreement. The minimum annual royalty (MAR) shall be $[* * *] due upon the first occurrence of Net Sales of Licensed Product and annually thereafter. The MAR shall be creditable and carry forwardable against future royalties. 
  [* * *] of Net Sales from Licensed Service by LICENSEE which may not be reduced by any provision of this Agreement. 
  If a product is both a Licensed Product and a Derived Product, it shall only be subject to the royalty payable as a Licensed Product. 
  No matter how many Licensed Patents are involved in any one such product or service, only one royalty, the higher royalty of those listed above, shall be due. 
  REGENTS shall not be entitled to any royalties on Sales of Licensed Products or Derived Products or Licensed Services by Sublicensees, but shall be entitled to  
  
   -10- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

the percentage of sublicense royalties and other fees received by LICENSEE set forth in paragraph 4.2 of this Agreement. 
           6.2. 
    Combined Product Adjustment: 
     In the event LICENSED PRODUCT(S) is sold in a combination package or kit containing other active products, such as antibodies, antigens, enzymes, or other products material to the efficacy or function of the LICENSED PRODUCT(S). NET SALES, for purposes of determining royalty payments on the combination package, shall be calculated using one of the following methods on a country-by-country basis: 
    
           (a) 
    [* * *]; or 
              (b) 
    [* * *]. 
       
           6.3. 
    Royalties to Third Parties: 
     In the event a LICENSED PRODUCT(S) is combined with technology covered by other licensed patents necessary for sales to end users, whether by LICENSEE or its sublicensee, LICENSEE may credit up to [* * *] of royalties that LICENSEE is paying to third parties on LICENSEE s NET SALES of that LICENSED PRODUCT to the royalty due REGENTS. In no event shall the royalty due to REGENTS under this adjustment be less than [* * *] of the Set Royalty [* * *] when combined with any and all other provisions within this Agreement that may reduce the Royalty Rate on Licensed Product(s). 

-11- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

6.4. 
    Royalties accruing to REGENTS will be paid to REGENTS quarterly within sixty (60) days after the end of each calendar quarter. 
              6.5. 
    LICENSEE shall pay a maintenance fee of $[* * *] due on the third anniversary of Effective Date and annually thereafter. No further maintenance fees shall be due following the first occurrence of Net Sales of Licensed Product(s) or Licensed Service(s) provided the annual Net Sales of Licensed Services exceed $[* * *]. 
              6.6. 
    All payments due REGENTS will be payable in United States dollars. When LICENSED PRODUCTS, LICENSED SERVICES, or LICENSED METHOD are SOLD for monies other than United States dollars, earned royalties will first be determined in the foreign currency of the country in which the SALE was made and then converted into equivalent United States dollars. The exchange rate will be that rate quoted in the   Wall Street Journal   on the last business day of the reporting period. 
              6.7. 
    Payments due for SALES occurring in any country outside the United States will not be reduced by any taxes, fees, or other charges imposed by the government of such country on the remittance of royalty income. LICENSEE will also be responsible for all bank transfer charges. 
              6.8. 
    LICENSEE will make all payments under this Agreement by check payable to  The Regents of the University of California  and forward it to REGENTS at the address shown in Article 23 (Notices). 
              6.9. 
    If any patent or patent application, or any claim thereof, included within REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS expires or is held invalid in a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction and last resort and from which no appeal has been or can be taken, all obligation to pay royalties based on such patent, patent application or claim, or any claims patentably indistinct therefrom will cease as of the date of such expiration or final decision. LICENSEE will not, however, be relieved from paying any royalties that accrued before such expiration or decision or that are based on another Valid Claim not expired or involved in such decision. 
              6.10. 
    No earned royalties will be collected or paid hereunder on SALES to, or for use by, the United States Government. 
              6.11. 
    Milestone Payments for Licensed Product(s): 
     
   -12- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

Milestone payments as follows: Licensee shall pay to Regents milestone fees within thirty (30) days following each milestone event for each Licensed Product according to the following schedule: 
           (a) 
    Licensee shall pay to Regents a milestone payment of [* * *] upon [* * *] for the first Licensed Product by LICENSEE and [* * *] for [* * *] for each subsequent Licensed Product which is a chemically or biologically distinct compound or biologic by LICENSEE. The above payments in this Paragraph 6.11(a) for any given chemical or biological entity will only be paid once. 
              (b) 
    Licensee shall pay to Regents a milestone payment of [* * *] upon [* * *] by LICENSEE and [* * *] for [* * *] that is a chemically or biologically distinct compound or biologic by LICENSEE. The above payments for any given chemical or biological entity will only be paid once. The above payments in this Paragraph 6.11(b) for any given chemical or biological entity will only be paid once. 
              7. 
    DUE DILIGENCE 
              7.1. 
    LICENSEE shall provide Commercialization and Development plans to REGENTS in form similar to that provided to LICENSEE s Board of Directors or investors. 
              7.2. 
    LICENSEE, upon execution of this Agreement, will diligently proceed with the development, manufacture, and SALE of LICENSED PRODUCTS, LICENSED SERVICES, and LICENSED METHOD, and will diligently market them in quantities sufficient to meet the market demand. 
              7.3. 
    LICENSEE shall be deemed to be diligently proceeding if it shall (i) fund research and/or development of technology that is reasonably necessary for commercialization of the Regents  Patent Rights in each calendar year in at least the amounts provided below (such funding shall include internal or external research and/or development funded by or provided for the benefit of LICENSEE ( Research Funding )), or (ii) successfully commercialize and obtain annual revenues from Licensed Services in at least the amounts provided below. 
     Research Funding: 
  2007    $[* * *] 
  
   -13- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

2008    $[* * *] 
  2009    $[* * *] 
  2010 and thereafter    $[* * *] 
    
  Licensed Service Revenues: 
  2008    $[* * *] 
  2009    $[* * *] 
  2010 and thereafter    $[* * *] 

-14- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

7.4. 
    Subject to overriding obligations to the U.S. Government, if LICENSEE is unable to meet any of its diligence obligations set forth in Paragraphs 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, or 7.4 then REGENTS will so notify LICENSEE of failure to perform. LICENSEE will have the right and option to extend the target date of any such due diligence obligation for a period of six (6) months upon the payment of [* * *] within thirty (30) days of the date to be extended for each such extension option exercised by LICENSEE. LICENSEE may further extend the target date of any diligence obligation for an additional six (6) months upon payment of an additional [* * *]. Additional extensions may be granted only by mutual written agreement of the parties to this Agreement. These payments are in addition to the minimum royalty payments specified in Paragraph 6.1. Should LICENSEE opt not to extend the diligence obligation or fail to meet it by the extended target date, then REGENTS will have the right and option either to terminate this Agreement at any time after 10 years from the effective date or to reduce LICENSEE s exclusive license to a non-exclusive royalty-bearing license at any time after 3 years from the effective date. This right, if exercised by REGENTS, supersedes the rights granted in Article 3. The right to terminate this Agreement or reduce LICENSEE s exclusive license granted hereunder to a non-exclusive license will be REGENTS sole remedy for breach of this Article 7. 
              7.5. 
    At the request of either party, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the diligence provisions of this Article 7 will be settled by arbitration conducted in San Francisco, California in accordance with the then current Licensing Agreement Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) will be binding on the parties and may be entered by either party in the court or forum having jurisdiction. In determination of due diligence, the arbitrator may determine solely the issues of fact or law with respect to termination of LICENSEE s rights under this Agreement but will not have the authority to award monetary damages or grant equitable relief. 
     
   -15- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

7.6. 
    To exercise either the right to terminate this Agreement or to reduce the license to a non-exclusive license for lack of diligence under Paragraph 7.4, REGENTS will give LICENSEE written notice of the deficiency. LICENSEE thereafter has sixty (60) days to cure the deficiency or to request arbitration. If REGENTS has not received a written request for arbitration or satisfactory tangible evidence that the deficiency has been cured by the end of the sixty (60) - day period, then REGENTS may, at its option, either terminate the Agreement at any time after 10 years from the effective date or reduce LICENSEE s exclusive license to a non-exclusive license at any time after 3 years from the effective date by giving written notice to LICENSEE. These notices will be subject to Article 23 (Notices). 
              8. 
    PROGRESS AND ROYALTY REPORTS 
              8.1. 
    For the period beginning January 1   st    2007, LICENSEE will submit to REGENTS a semi-annual progress report covering LICENSEE s activities related to the development and testing of all LICENSED PRODUCTS, LICENSED SERVICES and LICENSED METHOD and the obtaining of necessary governmental approvals, if any, for marketing in the United States. These progress reports will be made for all development activities until the first SALE occurs in the United States. 
              8.2. 
    Each progress report will be a detailed summary of activities of LICENSEE s progress in development of LICENSED PRODUCTS, LICENSED SERVICES, and LICENSED METHOD, and in meeting its diligence obligations under Article 7 similar in form to what LICENSEE presents to its Board of Directors or investors, and will include the following: summary of work completed and in progress; current schedule of anticipated events and milestones, including diligence milestones under Paragraph 7.4. 
              8.3. 
    LICENSEE also will report to REGENTS in its immediately subsequent progress and royalty reports, the date of first SALE. 
              8.4. 
    After the first SALE anywhere in the world, LICENSEE will make quarterly royalty reports to REGENTS within sixty (60) days after the quarters ending March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31, of each year. Each such royalty report will include at least the following: 
     
   -16- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

(a) 
    The number of LICENSED PRODUCTS manufactured and the number SOLD; 
              (b) 
    Gross revenue from SALE of LICENSED PRODUCTS, LICENSED SERVICES and LICENSED METHOD; 
              (c) 
    NET SALES pursuant to Paragraph 2.5; 
              (d) 
    Total royalties due REGENTS; and 
              (e) 
    Names and addresses of any AFFILIATES with activities falling under this Agreement, and new sublicensees along with a summary of the material terms of each new sublicense agreement entered into during the reporting quarter.     
     
   -17- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

8.5. 
    If no SALES have occurred during the report period, a statement to this effect is required in the royalty report for that period. 
              9. 
    BOOKS AND RECORDS 
              9.1. 
    LICENSEE will keep full, true, and accurate books of accounts containing all particulars that may be necessary for the purpose of showing the amount of royalties payable to REGENTS and LICENSEE s compliance with other obligations under this Agreement. Said books of accounts will be kept at LICENSEE s principal place of business or the principal place of business of the appropriate division of LICENSEE to which this Agreement relates. Said books and the supporting data will be open at all reasonable times during normal business hours upon reasonable notice, for five (5) years following the end of the calendar year to which they pertain, to the inspection and audit by representatives of REGENTS for the purpose of verifying LICENSEE s royalty statement or compliance in other respects with this Agreement but not more often than once in any twelve (12) month period. Such representative will be bound to hold all information in confidence except as necessary to communicate LICENSEE s non-compliance with this Agreement to REGENTS. 
              9.2. 
    The fees and expenses of REGENTS  representatives performing such an examination will be borne by REGENTS. However, if an error in underpaid royalties to REGENTS of more than five percent (5%) of the total royalties due for any year is discovered, then the fees and expenses of these representatives will be borne by LICENSEE. 
              10. 
    LIFE OF THE AGREEMENT 
              10.1. 
    Unless otherwise terminated by the operation of law or by acts of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement will be in force from the Effective Date and will remain in effect for the life of the last-to-expire patent or last-to-be-abandoned patent application licensed under this Agreement, whichever is later. 
              10.2. 
    Any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the rights and obligations set forth in the following articles: 
     Article 2    Definitions 
  Article 4    Sublicenses 
  
   -18- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

Article 9    Books and Records 
  Article 10    Life of the Agreement 
  Article 13    Disposition of Licensed Products Upon Termination 
  Article 16    Use of Names and Trademarks 
  Article 17    Limited Warranties 
  Article 19    Indemnification 
  Article 23    Notices 
  Article 24    Late Payments 
  Article 26    Confidentiality 
  Article 29    Applicable Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees 
  
   -19- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

10.3. 
    Any termination of this Agreement will not relieve LICENSEE of its obligation to pay any monies due or owing at the time of such termination and will not relieve any obligations, of either party to the other party, established prior to termination. 
              11. 
    TERMINATION BY REGENTS 
              11.1. 
    If LICENSEE should violate or fail to perform any term of this Agreement in any material respect, then REGENTS may give written notice of such default ( Notice of Default ) to LICENSEE. If LICENSEE should fail to repair such default or to request arbitration in the case of breach of a diligence requirement under Article 7 within sixty (60) days of the effective date of such notice, REGENTS will have the right to terminate this Agreement and the licenses herein by a second written notice ( Notice of Termination ) to LICENSEE. If LICENSEE shall request arbitration in the case of breach of a diligence requirement under Article 7, this Agreement may not be terminated by REGENTS until such Arbitration is resolved. If a Notice of Termination is sent to LICENSEE, this Agreement will automatically terminate on the effective date of such notice. Such termination will not relieve LICENSEE of its obligation to pay any royalty or license fees owing at the time of such termination and will not impair any accrued rights of REGENTS. These notices will be subject to Article 23 (Notices). 
              12. 
    TERMINATION BY LICENSEE 
              12.1. 
    LICENSEE will have the right at any time to terminate this Agreement in whole or as to any portion of REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS by giving notice in writing to REGENTS. Such notice of termination will be subject to Article 23 (Notices) and termination of this Agreement will be effective thirty (30) days after the effective date of such notice. 
              12.2. 
    Any termination pursuant to Paragraph 12.1 will not relieve LICENSEE of any obligation or liability accrued hereunder prior to such termination or rescind anything done by LICENSEE or any payments made to REGENTS hereunder prior to the time such termination becomes effective, and such termination will not affect in any manner any rights of REGENTS arising under this Agreement prior to such termination. 
              13. 
    DISPOSITION OF LICENSED PRODUCTS UPON TERMINATION 
     
   -20- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

13.1. 
    Upon termination of this Agreement, for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days after the date of termination LICENSEE may complete and SELL any partially made LICENSED PRODUCTS and continue to render any previously commenced LICENSED SERVICES, and continue the practice of LICENSED METHOD only to the extent necessary to do so; provided, however, that all such SALES will be subject to the terms of this Agreement including, but not limited to, the payment of royalties at the rate and at the time provided herein and the rendering of reports thereon. 
              14. 
    PATENT PROSECUTION AND MAINTENANCE 
              14.1. 
    REGENTS will diligently prosecute and maintain the United States and foreign patent applications and patents under REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS, subject to LICENSEE S reimbursement of REGENTS  out of pocket costs, and all patent applications and patents under REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS will be held in the name of REGENTS. REGENTS will have sole responsibility for retaining and instructing patent counsel, but continued use of such counsel at any point in the patent prosecution process subsequent to initial filing of a U.S. patent application covering the INVENTION shall be subject to the approval of LICENSEE. If LICENSEE rejects three (3) of REGENTS  choice of prosecution counsel, then REGENTS may select new prosecution counsel without LICENSEE s consent. REGENTS shall promptly provide LICENSEE with copies of all relevant documentation so that LICENSEE may be currently informed and apprised of the continuing prosecution and LICENSEE agrees to keep this documentation confidential. LICENSEE may comment upon such documentation and REGENTS and its patent counsel shall consider such comments in good faith, provided, however, that if LICENSEE after having been provided such documentation has not commented upon such documentation in reasonable time for REGENTS to sufficiently consider LICENSEE s comments prior to the deadline for filing a response with the relevant government patent office, REGENTS will be free to respond appropriately without consideration of LICENSEE s comments. LICENSEE and LICENSEE s patent counsel will have the right to consult with patent counsel chosen by REGENTS. 
              14.2. 
    REGENTS will use reasonable efforts to prepare or amend any patent application to include claims reasonably requested by LICENSEE to protect the LICENSED PRODUCTS contemplated to be SOLD or to be practiced under this Agreement. 
     
   -21- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

14.3. 
    Subject to Paragraph 14.4, all past, present, and future costs for preparing, filing, prosecuting, and maintaining all United States and foreign patent applications, and patents under REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS will be borne by LICENSEE, so long as the licenses granted to LICENSEE herein are exclusive. LICENSEE will fully reimburse REGENTS for half of all outstanding patent costs within three (3) months of Effective Date and the remainder within nine (9) months of Effective Date. 
     Payments are due within thirty (30) days after receipt of invoice from REGENTS. If, however, REGENTS reduces the exclusive licenses granted herein to non-exclusive licenses pursuant to Paragraph 7.5 and REGENTS grants additional license(s), the costs of preparing, filing, prosecuting and maintaining such patent applications and patents will be divided equally among the licensed parties from the effective date of each subsequently granted license agreement. 
           14.4. 
    LICENSEE s obligation to underwrite and to pay all domestic and foreign patent filing, prosecution, and maintenance costs will continue for so long as this Agreement remains in effect, provided, however, that LICENSEE may terminate its obligations with respect to any given patent application or patent in any or all designated countries upon three (3) months  written notice to REGENTS. REGENTS will use its best efforts to curtail patent costs when such a notice is received from LICENSEE. REGENTS may continue prosecution and/or maintenance of such applications or patents at its sole discretion and expense; provided, however, that LICENSEE will have no further right or licenses thereunder. 
               15.1. 
    LICENSEE will mark all products made, used or SOLD under this Agreement, or their containers, in accordance with applicable patent marking laws. 
              16. 
    USE OF NAMES AND TRADEMARKS 
     
   -22- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

16.1. 
    Nothing contained in this Agreement will be construed as conferring any right to use in advertising, publicity or other promotional activities any name, trademark, trade name, or other designation of either party hereto by the other (including any contraction, abbreviation, or simulation of any of the foregoing). Unless required by law or consented to in writing by REGENTS, the use by LICENSEE of the name  The Regents of the University of California  or the name of any University of California campus in advertising, publicity or other promotional activities is expressly prohibited. 
     
   -23- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

17.1. 
    REGENTS warrants to LICENSEE that it has the lawful right to grant this license and, to the extent of the actual knowledge of the licensing professional responsible for administering this Agreement as of the Effective Date, that it is the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the Invention. 
              17.2. 
    This license and the associated INVENTION are provided WITHOUT WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. REGENTS MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE INVENTION, REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS, LICENSED PRODUCTS, LICENSED SERVICES OR LICENSED METHOD WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENT OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHT. 
              17.3. 
    IN NO EVENT WILL REGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM EXERCISE OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE INVENTION, REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS, LICENSED METHOD, LICENSED SERVICES OR LICENSED PRODUCTS. 
              17.4. 
    Nothing in this Agreement is or will be construed as: 
              (a) 
    A warranty or representation by REGENTS as to the validity, enforceability or scope of any REGENTS PATENT RIGHTS; or 
              (b) 
    A warranty or representation that anything made, used, or SOLD under any license granted in this Agreement is or will be free from infringement of patents of third parties; or 
              (c) 
    An obligation to bring or prosecute actions or suits against third parties for patent infringement, except as provided in Article 18; or 
              (d) 
    Conferring by implication. estoppel, or otherwise any license or rights under any patents of REGENTS other than REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS as defined herein, regardless of whether such patents are dominant or subordinate to REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS; or 
     
   -24- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

(e) 
    An obligation to furnish any know-how not provided in the patents and patent applications under REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS. 
     
   -25- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

18. 
    PATENT INFRINGEMENT 
              18.1. 
    In the event that LICENSEE learns of the substantial infringement of any REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS under this Agreement, LICENSEE will promptly provide REGENTS with notice and reasonable evidence of such infringement ( Infringement Notice ). During the period and in a jurisdiction where LICENSEE has exclusive rights under this Agreement, neither party will notify a third party, including the infringer, of the infringement without first obtaining consent of the other party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Both parties will use diligent efforts, in cooperation with each other, to terminate such infringement without litigation. 
              18.2. 
    If the infringing activity of potential commercial significance has not been abated within ninety (90) days following the effective date of the Infringement Notice, LICENSEE may institute suit for patent infringement against the infringer. REGENTS may voluntarily join such suit at its own expense, but may not thereafter commence suit against the infringer for the acts of infringement that are the subject of LICENSEE s suit or any judgment rendered in that suit. LICENSEE may not join REGENTS in a suit initiated by LICENSEE without REGENTS  prior written consent. If, in a suit initiated by LICENSEE, REGENTS is involuntarily joined other than by LICENSEE, LICENSEE will pay any costs incurred by REGENTS arising out of such suit, including but not limited to, any legal fees of counsel that REGENTS selects and retains to represent it in the suit who shall be reasonably acceptable to LICENSEE, provided that if LICENSEE rejects two (2) of REGENTS choices of legal counsel then REGENTS may select such counsel without LICENSEE S consent. 
              18.3. 
    If, within a hundred and twenty (120) days following the effective date of the Infringement Notice, the infringing activity of potential commercial significance has not been abated and if LICENSEE has not brought suit against the infringer, REGENTS may institute suit for patent infringement against the infringer. If REGENTS institutes such suit, LICENSEE may not join such suit without REGENTS  consent and may not thereafter commence suit against the infringer for the acts of infringement that are the subject of REGENTS  suit or any judgment rendered in that suit. 
     
   -26- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

18.4. 
    Such legal action as is decided upon will be at the expense of the party on account of whom suit is brought and all recoveries recovered thereby will belong to such party, provided that legal action brought jointly by REGENTS and LICENSEE and participated in by both, will be at the joint expense of the parties and all recoveries will be allocated in the following order: a) to each party reimbursement in equal amounts of the attorney s costs, fees, and other related expenses to the extent each party paid for such costs, fees, and expenses until all such costs, fees, and expenses are consumed for each party; and b) any remaining amount shared jointly by them in proportion to the share of expenses paid by each party, but in no event will REGENTS  share be less than ten percent (10%) of such remaining amount if REGENTS is a party. 
     Each party will cooperate with the other in litigation instituted hereunder but at the expense of the party on account of whom suit is brought. Such litigation will be controlled by the party bringing the action, except that REGENTS may be represented by counsel of its choice in any suit brought by LICENSEE. 
           18.5. 
    Any agreement made by LICENSEE for the purposes of settling litigation or other dispute shall comply with the requirements of Article 4 (Sublicenses) of this Agreement. 
               19.1. 
    LICENSEE will, and will require its sublicensees to, indemnify, hold harmless, and defend REGENTS and its officers, employees, and agents; sponsor(s) of the research that led to the INVENTION; and the inventors of any patents and patent applications under REGENTS PATENT RIGHTS and their employers against any and all claims, suits, losses, damages, costs, fees, and expenses resulting from or arising out of exercise of this license or any sublicense. This indemnification will include, but not be limited to, any product liability. 
              19.2. 
    LICENSEE, at its sole cost and expense, will insure its activities in connection with any work performed hereunder and will obtain, keep in force, and maintain the following insurance: 
              (a) 
    Commercial Form General Liability Insurance (contractual liability included) with limits as follows: 
     From and after the Effective Date of this Agreement: 
  
   -27- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

Each Occurrence    $500,000 
  Products/Completed Operations Aggregate    $1,000,000 
  Personal and Advertising Injury    $500,000 
  General Aggregate    $1,000,000 
  From and after the date LICENSEE shall commence clinical trials of any Licensed Product or Derived Product: 
  Each Occurrence    $5,000,000 
  Products/Completed Operations Aggregate    $10,000,000 
  Personal and Advertising Injury    $5,000,000 
  General Aggregate    $10,000,000 
  If the above insurance is written on a claims-made form, it shall continue for three (3) years following termination or expiration of this Agreement. The insurance shall have a retroactive date of placement prior to or coinciding with the commencement of the insurance requirements of this Paragraph 19.2(a); and 
           (b) 
    Worker s Compensation as legally required in the jurisdiction in which LICENSEE is doing business. 
              19.3. 
    The coverage and limits referred to in Subparagraphs 19.2a and 19.2b above will not in any way limit the liability of LICENSEE under this Article. Upon the execution of this Agreement, LICENSEE will furnish REGENTS with certificates of insurance evidencing compliance with all requirements. Such certificates will: 
              (a) 
    provide for thirty (30) days  (ten (10) days for non-payment of premium) advance written notice to REGENTS of any cancellation of insurance coverages; LICENSEE will promptly notify REGENTS of any material modification of the insurance coverages; 
              (b) 
    indicate that REGENTS has been endorsed as an additional insured under the coverage described above in Subparagraph 19.2; and 
              (c) 
    include a provision that the coverage will be primary and will not participate with, nor will be excess over, any valid and collectable insurance or program of self-insurance maintained by REGENTS. 
     
   -28- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

19.4. 
    REGENTS will promptly notify LICENSEE in writing of any claim or suit brought against REGENTS for which REGENTS intends to invoke the provisions of this Article 19. LICENSEE will keep REGENTS informed of its defense of any claims pursuant to this Article 19. 
               20.1. 
    LICENSEE understands that REGENTS is subject to United States laws and regulations (including the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, and the Export Administration Act of 1979), controlling the export of technical data, computer software, laboratory prototypes and other commodities, and REGENTS  obligations under this Agreement are contingent on compliance with such laws and regulations. The transfer of certain technical data and commodities may require a license from the cognizant agency of the United States Government and/or written assurances by LICENSEE that LICENSEE will not export such technical data and/or commodities to certain foreign countries without prior approval of such agency. REGENTS neither represents that a license will not be required nor that, if required, it will be issued. 
              20.2. 
    LICENSEE shall comply with all applicable international, national, state, regional, and local laws and regulations in performing its obligations hereunder and in its use, manufacture, Sale, or import of the LICENSED PRODUCTS, LICENSED SERVICES, or practice of the LICENSED METHOD. LICENSEE will observe all applicable United States and foreign laws with respect to the transfer of LICENSED PRODUCTS and related technical data and the provision of LICENSED SERVICES to foreign countries including without limitation, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and the Export Administration Regulations. LICENSEE shall manufacture LICENSED PRODUCTS and practice the LICENSED METHOD in compliance with applicable government importation laws and regulations of a particular country for LICENSED PRODUCTS made outside the particular country in which such LICENSED PRODUCTS are used, Sold, or otherwise exploited. 
              21. 
    GOVERNMENT APPROVAL OR REGISTRATION 
     
   -29- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

21.1. 
    If this Agreement or any associated transaction is required by the law of any nation to be either approved or registered with any governmental agency, LICENSEE will assume all legal obligations to do so. LICENSEE will notify REGENTS if it becomes aware that this Agreement is subject to a United States or foreign government reporting or approval requirement. LICENSEE will make all necessary filings and pay all costs including fees, penalties, and all other out-of-pocket costs associated with such reporting or approval process. 
               22.1. 
    This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of REGENTS, its successors and assigns. This Agreement will be personal to LICENSEE and assignable by LICENSEE only with the written consent of REGENTS, except that LICENSEE may freely assign this Agreement to an acquirer of all or substantially all of LICENSEE s stock, assets or the portion of LICENSEE s business to which this Agreement relates. 
               23.1. 
    All notices under this Agreement will be deemed to have been fully given and effective when done in writing and delivered in person, or mailed by registered or certified U.S. mail, or deposited with a carrier service requiring signature by recipient, and addressed as follows: 
     To REGENTS:    Office of Technology Licensing 
  2150 Shattuck Avenue, Suite 510 
  Berkeley, CA 94720-1620 
  Attn.: Director (UC Case No.: B98-039) 
    
  To LICENSEE:    Genocea, Inc. 
  c/o Lux Capital 
  140 East 45th Street, 30th Floor 
  New York, NY 10017 
  Attn.: Robert Paull 
  Either party may change its address upon written notice to the other party. 

-30- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

24.1. 
    If monies owed to REGENTS under this Agreement are not received by REGENTS when due, LICENSEE will pay to REGENTS interest charges at a rate of ten percent (10%) per annum. Such interest will be calculated from the date payment was due until actually received by REGENTS. Such accrual of interest will be in addition to, and not in lieu of, enforcement of any other rights of REGENTS related to such late payment. Acceptance of any late payment will not constitute a waiver under Article 25 (Waiver) of this Agreement. 
               25.1. 
    The failure of either party to assert a right hereunder or to insist upon compliance with any term or condition of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of that right or excuse a similar subsequent failure to perform any such term or condition by the other party. None of the terms and conditions of this Agreement can be waived except by the written consent of the party waiving compliance. 
               26.1. 
    Each party will hold the other party s proprietary business and technical information, patent prosecution material and other proprietary information, including the negotiated terms of this Agreement, in confidence and against disclosure to third parties with at least the same degree of care as it exercises to protect its own data and license agreements of a similar nature. This obligation will expire five (5) years after the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
              26.2. 
    Nothing contained herein will in any way restrict or impair the right of LICENSEE or REGENTS to use, disclose, or otherwise deal with any information or data which: 
              (a) 
    at the time of disclosure to a receiving party is generally available to the public or thereafter becomes generally available to the public by publication or otherwise through no act of the receiving party; 
              (b) 
    the receiving party can show by written record was in its possession prior to the time of disclosure to it hereunder and was not acquired directly or indirectly from the disclosing party; 
     
   -31- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

(c) 
    is independently made available to the receiving party without restrictions as a matter of right by a third party; or 
              (d) 
    is subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act or other requirements of law. 
     
   -32- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

26.3. 
    REGENTS will be free to release to the inventors and senior administrators employed by REGENTS the terms and conditions of this Agreement upon their request. If such release is made, REGENTS will inform such employees of the confidentiality obligations set forth above and will request that they do not disclose such terms and conditions to others. Should a third party inquire whether a license to REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS is available, REGENTS may disclose the existence of this Agreement and the extent of the grant in Articles 3 and 4 to such third party, but will not disclose the name of LICENSEE unless LICENSEE has already made such disclosure publicly. 
              26.4. 
    LICENSEE and REGENTS agree to destroy or return to the disclosing party proprietary information received from the other in its possession within fifteen (15) days following the effective date of termination of this Agreement. However, each party may retain one copy of proprietary information of the other solely for archival purposes in non-working files for the sole purpose of verifying the ownership of the proprietary information, provided such proprietary information will be subject to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Article 26. LICENSEE and REGENTS agree to provide each other, within thirty (30) days following termination of this Agreement, with a written notice that proprietary information has been returned or destroyed. 
               27.1. 
    Except for LICENSEE s obligation to make any payments to REGENTS hereunder, the parties to this Agreement shall be excused from any performance required hereunder if such performance is rendered impossible or unfeasible due to any catastrophes or other major events beyond their reasonable control, including, without limitation, war, riot, and insurrection; laws, proclamations, edicts, ordinances, or regulations; strikes, lockouts, or other serious labor disputes; and floods, fires, explosions, or other natural disasters. When such events have abated, the parties respective obligations hereunder will resume. 
               28.1. 
    The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and in the event that any provision of this Agreement will be determined to be invalid or unenforceable under any controlling body of law, such invalidity or enforceability will not in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof. 
     
   -33- 

    THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 

29. 
    APPLICABLE LAW; VENUE; ATTORNEYS  FEES 
              29.1. 
    THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE CONSTRUED, INTERPRETED, AND APPLIED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, excluding any choice of law rules that would direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, but the scope and validity of any patent or patent application under REGENTS  PATENT RIGHTS will be determined by the applicable law of the country of such patent or patent application. Any legal action brought by the parties relating to this Agreement will be conducted in San Francisco, California. The prevailing party in any legal action under this Agreement will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys  fees in addition to its costs and necessary disbursements. 
               30.1. 
    This Agreement incorporates the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and this Agreement may be altered or modified only by written amendment duly executed by the parties hereto. 
       
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement in duplicate originals by their duly authorized officers or representatives. 
  THE REGENTS OF THE    GENOCEA, INC. 
  UNIVERSTY OF CALIFORNIA 

By ___  /s/ Veronica Lanier  ___________    By __  /s/ Robert Paull  ____________ 
  Veronica Lanier 
  Acting Director    Robert Paull 
  Office of Technology Licensing 
  Acting President 
    
  Date__  September 1, 2006  ____________    Date__  8/30/06  __________________ 

-34- 

EXHIBIT 10.4 
  THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED AND IS THE SUBJECT OF A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST.  REDACTED MATERIAL IS MARKED WITH [* * *] AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

GENOCEA, INC. CAPITALIZATION TABLE -   Confidential Information 
  FOUNDERS  STOCK (Common Stock Capitalization Before Series A Preferred Stock Financing) 
    
    % of Founders  Stock        # of Shares of Common Stock 
  [* * *  ] 
  
   35 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 gnca-ex311_20160930xq3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14 and 15d-14 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, William D. Clark, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Genocea Biosciences, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ WILLIAM D. CLARK 
        
    William D. Clark 
        
    President   Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 4, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 gnca-ex312_20160930xq3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14 and 15d-14 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Jonathan Poole, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Genocea Biosciences, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ JONATHAN POOLE 
        
    Jonathan Poole 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 
      Date: November 4, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 gnca-ex321_20160930xq3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Genocea Biosciences, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, the undersigned, William D. Clark, as the President   Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ WILLIAM D. CLARK 
        
    William D. Clark* 
        
    President  Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 4, 2016 

* A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
  The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 gnca-ex322_20160930xq3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
    
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
    
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Genocea Biosciences, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, the undersigned, Jonathan Poole, as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ JONATHAN POOLE 
        
    Jonathan Poole* 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

Date: November 4, 2016 

*A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
  The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 gnca-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 gnca-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 gnca-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 gnca-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 gnca-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 gnca-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

