<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1544227_0001544227-16-000016_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3380801</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>131012</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>202674</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1101139</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1348089</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>528769</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001544227-16-000016.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103161504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001544227-16-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OvaScience, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001544227
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				451472564
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35890
		FILM NUMBER:		161971765

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 FOURTH AVE
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-500-2802

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 FOURTH AVE
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001544227-16-000016.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 ovas-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q    

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from               to               
    
  Commission file number: 001-35890 
    
  OVASCIENCE, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                          Delaware 
      
    45-1472564 
           (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.) 

9 4th Avenue 

Waltham, Massachusetts 
      
    02451 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

617-500-2802 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x    No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x    No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                   Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o 
    No   x 
    
  As of   November 1, 2016  , there were 35,608,386 shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

OVASCIENCE, INC. 
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
  For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  INDEX 

Page 

Part I. Financial Information  

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    5 

Notes to Unaudited, Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    12 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    22 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    22 

Part II. Other Information  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    23 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    23 

Item 2.     
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    23 

Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    23 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    24 

Signatures  

Exhibit Index  

2 

Table of Contents  

Part I.                                          Financial Information 

Item 1.                                       Financial Statements 

OvaScience, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes. 

3 

Table of Contents  

OvaScience, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes. 

4 

Table of Contents  

OvaScience, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 

5 

Table of Contents  

OvaScience, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited, Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

1.                                            Organization 
    
  OvaScience, Inc., incorporated on April 5, 2011 as a Delaware corporation, is a global fertility company developing proprietary potential treatments for female infertility based on scientific discoveries about the existence of egg precursor, or EggPC   SM   , cells. As used in these condensed consolidated financial statements, the terms  OvaScience,   the Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to the business of OvaScience, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring and developing our technology, identifying potential fertility treatments, developing the AUGMENT   SM    treatment, preparing for the launch of the AUGMENT treatment in select international   in vitro   fertilization (IVF) clinics, researching and developing the OvaPrime   SM    treatment and the OvaTure   SM    treatment, and determining the regulatory and development path for our fertility treatments. We have commenced our planned principal operations but have only generated limited revenues to date. 
    
  We are subject to a number of risks similar to other life science companies, including, but not limited to, the need to obtain adequate additional funding, possible failure to provide our treatments to IVF clinics to gain clinical experience in select countries outside of the United States, the need to obtain marketing approval for certain of our fertility treatments, competitors developing new technological innovations, the need to successfully commercialize and gain market acceptance of our fertility treatments and protection of proprietary technology. If we do not successfully commercialize any of our fertility treatments, we will be unable to generate treatment revenue or achieve profitability. As of   September 30, 2016   we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $  227.5 million  . 
    
  Liquidity 
    
  We have incurred annual net operating losses in each year since our inception. We have generated limited treatment revenues related to our primary business purpose and have financed our operations primarily through public sales of our common stock and private placements of our preferred stock, which was subsequently converted to common stock. We have launched   one   fertility treatment, the AUGMENT treatment, in select international IVF clinics and have   two   potential treatments in development.  We have devoted substantially all of our financial resources and efforts to the launch of the AUGMENT treatment, raising capital, and research and development of our fertility treatments. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for at least the next several years. We expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of   $131.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   will enable us to fund our current operating plan for at least the next 12 months. 

2.                                            Basis of presentation and significant accounting policies 
    
  Unaudited interim financial data 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016  , the statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the statements of cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the related interim information contained within the notes to the financial statements, have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and the notes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited interim financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal and recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position at   September 30, 2016  , results of our operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and our cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of future results. 
    
  Principles of consolidation 
    
  These condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of OvaScience and the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

6 

Table of Contents  

Use of estimates 
    
  These condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from such estimates. 
    
  Net loss per share 
    
  Basic and diluted net loss per common share is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the relevant period. Potentially dilutive shares, including outstanding stock options and unvested restricted stock units, are only included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share when their effect is dilutive. 
    
  The amounts in the table below were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share, prior to the use of the treasury stock method, due to their anti-dilutive effect (in thousands): 

Summary of significant accounting policies 
    
  Our other significant accounting policies are described in Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  New accounting pronouncements 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  .  ASU No. 2016-15 requires changes in the presentation of debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies and distributions received from equity method investees.  This update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating this standard to determine if adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Based Compensation  , which simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard also provides the option to either continue to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or to account for forfeitures as they occur. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating this standard to determine if adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  , which is intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Under the new standard, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for both operating and financing leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. In addition, ASU 2016-02 requires the use of the modified retrospective method, which will require adjustment to all comparative periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures thereto. 
    
  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, which defers the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year. ASU No. 2014-09 amends the guidance for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 605,   Revenue Recognition  , and creates a new Topic 606,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . This guidance is now effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Two adoption  
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

methods are permitted: retrospectively to all prior reporting periods presented, with certain practical expedients permitted; or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially adopting the ASU recognized at the date of initial application. We have not yet determined which adoption method we will utilize or the effect that the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern  . The new standard requires management of public and private companies to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern and, if so, disclose that fact. We will also be required to evaluate and disclose whether our plans alleviate that doubt. This guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We have evaluated the impact of this new standard as if it were adopted in connection with the issuance of this quarterly report and have determined that there is no additional disclosure required.  

3.                                           OvaXon Joint Venture 
    
  In December 2013, we entered into a joint venture with Intrexon Corporation ( Intrexon ) to leverage Intrexon s synthetic biology technology platform and OvaScience s technology relating to EggPC cells to focus on developing significant improvements in human and animal health. We and Intrexon formed OvaXon, LLC ( OvaXon ) to conduct the joint venture. Each party initially contributed   $1.5 million   of cash to OvaXon, each has a   50%   equity interest and all costs and profits will be split accordingly. Each party will also have   50%   control over OvaXon and any disputes between us and Intrexon will be resolved through arbitration, if necessary. Since the initial contributions, each party has contributed an additional   $3.3 million  .  
    
  We consider OvaXon a variable interest entity. OvaXon does not have a primary beneficiary as both we and Intrexon have equal ability to direct the activities of OvaXon through membership in a Joint Steering Committee and an Intellectual Property Committee and   50%   voting rights. OvaXon has been accounted for under the equity method and is not consolidated. This analysis and conclusion will be updated annually or as changes occur to reflect any changes in ownership or control over OvaXon. 
    
  We have recorded losses from equity method investments related to OvaXon of   $0.4 million   and   $1.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. We have recorded losses from equity method investments related to OvaXon of   $0.3 million   and   $1.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. Each party contributed an additional   $1.8 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and an additional   $1.5 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016   the Company's investment in OvaXon was   $0.4 million  .  As of   December 31, 2015  , OvaXon incurred expenses of      $0.1 million   in excess of the investment, which is included within accrued expenses on our balance sheet. The maximum exposure to additional losses with respect to our joint venture is limited to the carrying amount of the investment. 

4.                                            Fair value 
    
  The fair value of our financial assets and liabilities reflects our estimate of amounts that we would have received in connection with the sale of such assets or paid in connection with the transfer of such liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of our assets and liabilities, we seek to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (our assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). We use the following fair value hierarchy to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs we used to value our assets and liabilities: 

Level 1 quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level 3 unobservable inputs based on our assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. 
       
  For fixed income securities, we reference pricing data supplied by our custodial agent and nationally known pricing vendors, using a variety of daily data sources, largely readily-available market data and broker quotes. The prices provided by third-party pricing services are validated by reviewing their pricing methods and obtaining market values from other pricing  
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

sources. After completing these validation procedures, we did not adjust or override any fair value measurements provided by the pricing services as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  We review investments for other-than-temporary impairment whenever the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost and evidence indicates that an investment s carrying amount is not recoverable within a reasonable period of time. To determine whether an impairment is other-than-temporary, we consider the intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the investment before recovery of the investment s amortized cost basis. Evidence considered in this assessment includes reasons for the impairment, compliance with our investment policy, the severity and the duration of the impairment and changes in value subsequent to period end. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were no investments with a fair value that was significantly lower than the amortized cost basis or any investments that had been in an unrealized loss position for a significant period.  
    
  The following tables provide our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

There were no transfers between levels during the periods ending September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015.   
    
  Cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 and carried at amounts that approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities.   
    
  Corporate debt securities are classified as Level 2 and the pricing is primarily sourced from third party pricing services, overseen by management, and is based on models that consider standard input factors such as dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and condition, among other things.           

5.                                            Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 
    
  The following tables summarize our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

9 

Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   we held   eighteen   and   forty-three   debt securities that had been in an unrealized loss position for less than   12 months  , respectively. At   September 30, 2016   we also held   two   investments that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer. The losses related to these   two   investments are immaterial at   September 30, 2016   and we believe that we will receive our full principal investment when these securities mature in the next 9 months. At   December 31, 2015   we held no investments that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   the aggregate fair value of the securities in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months was   $44.9 million   and   $81.4 million  , respectively. At   September 30, 2016   the aggregate fair value of the securities in an unrealized loss position for longer than 12 months was   $2.6 million  .  We evaluated our securities for other-than-temporary impairments based on quantitative and qualitative factors, and we considered the decline in market value for the   twenty   debt securities in an unrealized loss position as of   September 30, 2016   to be primarily attributable to the then current economic and market conditions. We will likely not be required to sell these securities, and we do not intend to sell these securities before the recovery of their amortized cost bases, which recovery is expected within the next 12 months. Based on our analysis, we do not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we held   $7.3 million   in financial institution debt securities and other corporate debt securities located in Canada, Australia and New Zealand. As of   December 31, 2015  , we held   $11.7 million   in financial institution debt securities and other corporate debt securities located in Canada, the United Kingdom and Australia. Based on our analysis, we do not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  We had immaterial realized gains and   no   realized losses or other-than-temporary impairments on our short-term investments for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015.  

6.                                            Property and equipment 
    
  Property and equipment and related accumulated depreciation are as follows (in thousands): 

10 

Table of Contents  

We recorded depreciation and amortization expense of   $0.6 million   and   $1.6 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. We recorded depreciation and amortization expense of   $0.3 million   and   $0.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  

7.                                            Common stock 
    
  In June 2016, we issued and sold in an underwritten public offering an aggregate of   8,222,500   shares of our common stock at   $7.00   per share, which included   1,072,500   shares that represented the full exercise of an option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters in connection with the offering. The shares included in this offering were registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-209778) that the SEC declared effective on May 5, 2016. The offering resulted in   $53.9 million   of net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by us. 
    
  In January 2015, we issued and sold in an underwritten public offering an aggregate of   2,645,000   shares of our common stock at   $50   per share, which included   345,000   shares that represented the full exercise of an option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters in connection with the offering. The shares included in this offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-200040) that the SEC declared effective on November 21, 2014. The offering resulted in   $124.1 million   of net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by us. 

8.                                            Stock-based compensation 
    
  Stock options 
    
  A summary of our stock option activity and related information is as follows: 

The total intrinsic value (the amount by which the fair market value exceeded the exercise price) of stock options exercised was   $0.2 million   and   $0.3 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was   $0.1 million   and   $6.6 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  The fair value of each stock-based option award is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 
  
   11 

Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $17.4 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of   2.8 years  . 
    
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 certain senior executives ceased employment with the Company. In connection with the separations, all unvested stock options were forfeited. As a result of the forfeiture, we reversed   $0.1 million   and   $2.2 million  , net, of stock-based compensation expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
    
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we granted options to purchase   737,500   and   2,224,600   shares of our common stock at weighted average grant date fair values of $  5.19   and   $5.24   per share, respectively, and with weighted average exercise prices of   $7.15   and   $7.37   per share, respectively. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , we granted options to purchase   284,500   and   1,710,100   shares of our common stock at weighted average grant date fair values of   $10.71   and   $21.79   per share, respectively, and with weighted average exercise prices of   $16.58   and   $34.38   per share, respectively. 
    
  Restricted stock units 
    
  We granted restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to Michelle Dipp, M.D., Ph.D., our then-current Chief Executive Officer in December 2014. The RSUs issued included a service-based award that vests evenly over eight quarters and a performance-based award that vests in two one-year tranches upon the achievement of certain performance conditions for the respective year, as determined by our board of directors. The grant date fair value of the service-based awards is based on the closing price of our common stock on the award date and the stock-based compensation expense for these service-based awards are recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The grant date fair value of the performance-based awards is based on the closing price of our common stock on the date that the performance criteria is established for each tranche and communicated to Dr. Dipp and the stock-based compensation for these performance-based awards is recognized over the requisite service period.  
    
  On March 29, 2015 our board of directors established the 2015 performance criteria for the first tranche of the performance-based award and communicated the performance criteria to Dr. Dipp. The grant date stock price of these performance-based RSUs was   $43.47   per share. In December 2015 our board of directors determined that certain of the performance criteria had been met resulting in the partial vesting of the first tranche award. In January 2016, as part of Dr. Dipp's appointment as our Executive Chair all then outstanding RSUs previously issued to her were canceled, including the second tranche of the performance-based award and the remaining service based RSUs.  
    
  On January 5, 2016, we issued   250,000   RSUs to Dr. Harald Stock upon his appointment as Chief Executive Officer - Elect. The RSUs will vest over   four years   with   25%   vesting on January 5, 2017 and the remaining RSUs vesting ratably over the next 12 quarters. The grant date fair value of the service-based award is based on the closing price of our common stock on the award date and the stock-based compensation expense for these service-based awards are recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  We recognized   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million   of stock-based compensation expense related to this award during the three and nine month ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $1.7 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to   327,500   non-vested service-based RSUs granted under the 2012 Plan. The expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   3.3 years  . 

Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Without limiting the foregoing, the words  may,   shall,   will,   should,   could,   expects,   plans,   intends,   
  
   12 

Table of Contents  

anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential,   continue,   target,   goal ,  seek ,  likely,   hope  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based on information available to us up to, and including, the date of this document, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain important factors, including those set forth in this Item 2    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  as well as under the heading  Risk Factors  contained in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  ,  Exhibit 99.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2016 and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You should carefully review those factors and also carefully review the risks outlined in other documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. 

Overview 
    
  OvaScience is a global fertility company focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of new fertility treatment options for women. The current standard of treatment for infertility is   in vitro   fertilization, or IVF. IVF, however, fails approximately 70% of the time. The discovery of egg precursor, or EggPC   SM   , cells countered a long-held medical belief that women are born with a set number of eggs, and this discovery enabled our new fertility treatment options. Our patented technology is based on these EggPC cells, which are immature egg cells found in the protective outer lining of a woman s ovaries. We believe that these immature egg cells have the ability to grow into young, fertilizable eggs.  
    
  Our portfolio of fertility treatment options uses our patented technology including proprietary methods to identify and isolate EggPC cells from a patient's own ovarian tissue. By applying our EggPC technology platform in unique ways, we have commercialized one fertility treatment and are developing new fertility treatment options that are designed to improve egg health and revolutionize IVF. 
    
  More women around the world are waiting until later in life to start families and are in need of new fertility treatment options, and approximately 72 million women worldwide have been diagnosed with infertility. Fertility decreases with age. The main cause of age related infertility is poor egg health, which is linked to a reduction in the number of functioning mitochondria. Other causes of poor egg health relating to mitochondria deficiency include Type 2 diabetes. Accordingly, approximately 40 million women throughout the world seek new treatment options for infertility and up to 800,000 women per year undergo some form of IVF treatment.  
    
  Our first commercial treatment, the AUGMENT   SM    treatment, is specifically designed to improve egg health by supplementing a mitochondrial deficiency which may, in turn, offer the potential for enhanced IVF success rates. With the AUGMENT treatment, energy-producing mitochondria from a woman s own EggPC cells are added to the woman s mature eggs during the IVF process to supplement the existing mitochondria.  The AUGMENT treatment has been introduced in our contracted IVF clinics outside of the United States, and we plan to expand the network of clinics and clinicians offering the AUGMENT treatment, focusing our efforts initially in Canada and Japan.  We recently received central Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval for a Company-sponsored multi-center, controlled, double-blind, prospective, randomized egg allocation trial to evaluate the efficacy of the AUGMENT treatment in a broad patient population.  We expect to begin enrolling patients in this trial in the first quarter of 2017, and to announce initial data in the second half of 2017. 
    
  We have introduced the AUGMENT treatment in clinics in different countries outside of the United States through preceptorship training programs, except in Spain, where we continue to work with the IVI Group on an investigator-initiated pilot trial.  In some cases, we and our contracted clinics have had discussions with local regulatory bodies, such as the Ministry of Health and La Comisi n Nacional de Reproducci n Humana Asistida, or CNRHA in Spain, and the Ministry of Health and Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology (JSOG), prior to introducing the AUGMENT treatment.  
    
  In 2015, the AUGMENT treatment was offered in two clinics or clinic networks in Canada and in 2016, we have entered into agreements with six additional clinics or clinic networks in Canada and one clinic network in Japan, for a total of nine clinics or clinic networks that will be offering the AUGMENT treatment in accordance with their local requirements. We expect these clinics or clinic networks to begin offering revenue generating AUGMENT treatments following completion of on-boarding and qualification activities, such as obtaining IRB or preceptorship approval and completing a preceptorship training program, which consists of treatment of patients under the preceptorship training program and evaluation of the resulting data. Our initial experience has shown that the time from executing a practice agreement with a clinic or clinic network to the completion of preceptorship activity can vary significantly from clinic to clinic, and is expected to average approximately six to nine months.  In August 2016, we entered into a commercial agreement with IVF Japan Group. IVF Japan Grou 
  
   13 

Table of Contents  

p has started performing a small number of revenue generating treatments under the terms of this agreement. We plan to continue to build the infrastructure to support our anticipated AUGMENT business in Japan throughout 2017.  Of our nine contracted clinics or clinic networks, four have conducted commercial treatments, and two others have completed their preceptorship training program and are ready to begin commercial efforts, including identification of initial patient candidates. 
    
  We discontinued the availability of the AUGMENT treatment at our contracted clinics in Turkey and Panama to align with our focused regional expansion strategy. We do not expect the cessation of treatment in Turkey and Panama to have a material impact on our operating results.  
    
  We are also working with the IVI Group to obtain prospective patient experience data in an investigator-initiated pilot trial in Valencia, Spain. In the first part of 2016, the IVI Group continued enrollment of poor prognosis patients under the age of 43 and with a history of at least one previous cycle of IVF with embryo transfer and no pregnancy due to low embryo quality in its controlled, double-blind, prospective and randomized egg allocation study of the AUGMENT treatment. This adaptive trial, which evaluates ongoing clinical pregnancy rates of standard IVF and the AUGMENT treatment, allows for an interim analysis after completion and evaluation of data from 60 patients. At that point, based on the interim results, we may continue the trial with the IVI Group, adapt the study or cease enrolling new patients, which could occur as a result of positive or negative interim results. Absent any modification or cessation of the study, following completion of the interim analysis we expect that up to an additional 130 patients would be enrolled for a total of up to 190 patients in the study. We expect that final data from this trial will be announced in the second half of 2017. 
    
  The OvaPrime   SM    treatment is a potential fertility treatment that could enable a woman to increase her egg reserve. Approximately 30% of women who start an IVF cycle fail to produce a sufficient number of eggs (or the eggs are too immature). The OvaPrime treatment is designed to replenish a woman s egg reserve by transferring a patient s EggPC cells from the protective ovarian lining back into the patient s own ovaries where they may mature into fertilizable eggs during the IVF process. We reported large animal toxicology and small animal proof-of-concept studies relating to the OvaPrime treatment in 2014. In December 2015, we commenced a clinical study with the OvaPrime treatment in the United Arab Emirates to gain insight into the clinical efficacy and feasibility of the treatment. Additionally, we recently received IRB approval to begin a clinical trial of OvaPrime in Canada, and we are now enrolling patients. Both trials are designed to look at hormone level changes, including FSH and AMH, and follicular development, as evaluated by ultrasound. We plan to provide an update on the path forward for OvaPrime by the end of 2016 based on an internal review of preliminary data from these studies.  
    
  The OvaTure   SM    treatment is a potential next-generation fertility treatment that could help a woman produce healthy, young, fertilizable eggs without the need for hormone injections. The OvaTure treatment seeks to mature a woman s own EggPC cells into eggs outside her body. This potential treatment may be an option for women with compromised eggs, who are unable to make eggs, or who may be unwilling or unable to undergo hormone hyperstimulation. We established human preclinical proof-of-concept and continue to optimize the maturation process by demonstrating that human EggPC cells can be matured into eggs outside of the body. The aim is to characterize EggPC cells and mature them into oocytes to determine their ability to mature into fertilizable eggs. In the third quarter of 2016, we and our development partner, Intrexon Corporation, identified a preferred media that supports early EggPC to oocyte maturation and we continue to focus on furthering the culture process for late-stage oocyte maturation.     We are continuing development of the OvaTure procedure, with a goal of further understanding and defining the clinical path forward in 2016. We are seeking permission from regulatory authorities outside the United States for certain steps necessary to complete testing of EggPC derived eggs. 
    
  Our strategy  
  We are focused on three primary objectives, or pillars, that we hope will serve as the foundation to grow our business. First, we plan to continue to generate clinical data to further validate our portfolio of novel fertility treatments and demonstrate their clinical benefit. Second, with a narrow and deep focus on Canada and Japan as our primary markets, we aim to expand our operational platform and, in Japan, execute a targeted introduction of the AUGMENT treatment in preparation for commercial launch. Third, we aim to build a patient-centered business model by increasing our patient support services through local, on-the ground teams to support patients and clinics.  
  Regarding our first objective, we are committed to supporting market confidence in our treatment paradigms by creating validating datasets to further support the use of our treatments. This objective includes the ongoing egg allocation study conducted by the IVI Group, which evaluates the rate of ongoing clinical pregnancy, potential additional AUGMENT studies and the ongoing OvaPrime studies. 
  In addition, we are currently working to expand access to the AUGMENT treatment in key IVF markets by taking a narrow and deep approach to the commercial launch, as defined by a critical mass of contracted clinics and extensive patient  
  
   14 

Table of Contents  

and doctor familiarity with, and education on, the AUGMENT treatment. We have already made significant progress in building our ongoing commercial operations and infrastructure, particularly in Canada, where, in addition to existing clinics, we have entered into agreements with six new clinics or clinic networks in 2016. From our experience in that market, we expect to draw meaningful conclusions to inform our strategy in Japan, where we executed our first commercial agreement in August 2016, as well as other future regions. With respect to the U.S., we are determining our FDA strategy with respect to the AUGMENT treatment.  
  Lastly, we plan to enhance our patient services, in part by shifting to a patient-centered business model in our targeted regions. With this type of commercial model, we plan to be more proactive in raising awareness and educating patients directly about the AUGMENT treatment. In the case of fertility treatment, we believe patients are sophisticated consumers who are informed and will pursue breakthrough treatments. 
    
  We believe our EggPC technology has the potential to make significant advances in the field of fertility because it is designed to address poor egg health and embryo quality due to age and other causes. We believe our EggPC technology could improve IVF by: 
  Increasing live birth rates and reducing the number of IVF cycles.    By improving egg health, we believe we may increase the percentage of live births and reduce the number of IVF cycles required. 
    
  Reducing the incidence of multiple births.    By generating higher quality eggs, we believe our EggPC technology may allow for the transfer of fewer embryos per IVF cycle and, as a result, lower the incidence of multiple births and the associated complications. 
    
  Lowering the overall cost of the IVF process.    If we reduce the number of IVF cycles required for a live birth and the incidence of multiple births, we believe our fertility treatment options may also lower the overall costs associated with the IVF process. 
    
  Replenishing the ovary for women who make too few or no eggs.    Our OvaPrime treatment is designed to replenish a woman s egg reserve by transferring a patient s EggPC cells from the protective ovarian lining back into the patient s own ovaries where they may mature into fertilizable eggs. 
    
  Reducing the need for hormonal hyperstimulation.    We are designing our OvaTure treatment to mature EggPC cells into fertilizable eggs   in vitro,   or outside the body. If successful, the OvaTure treatment could reduce, or possibly eliminate, the need for hormonal hyperstimulation for the maturation of multiple oocytes prior to egg retrieval in the IVF process. 
    
  Developing new treatments for diseases.    OvaXon   SM    is a joint venture with Intrexon Corporation, or Intrexon, which is focused on developing significant improvements in human and animal health using our EggPC cell technology and Intrexon s synthetic biology and high throughput platform for applications. 
    
  The AUGMENT Treatment 
    
  We have introduced the AUGMENT treatment in select international IVF clinics and we anticipate that we will introduce the AUGMENT treatment into new international regions. The AUGMENT treatment is not available in the United States.  
  An AUGMENT treatment cycle begins upon our receipt of the patient s ovarian tissue after biopsy, which is obtained through a biopsy performed by the patient's doctor prior to hormone stimulation. Our proprietary process identifies and isolates the patient s own EggPC cells, and then the patient s own mitochondria from these EggPC cells are isolated. The patient s own mitochondria are then injected into her egg at the time of intracytoplasmic sperm injection, or ICSI. We expect to receive payment before processing tissue and defer revenue until we have met all of our treatment obligations, including delivery of the mitochondria to the clinic. Based on our experiences to date, the period from receipt of the patient s tissue to recording revenue is expected to range between approximately 30 and 120 days or more.  Within certain of our programs, revenue recognition may be further deferred.  
    
  We have established our international headquarters in the United Kingdom to coordinate our international commercial efforts. We plan to continue to focus our near-term efforts on the markets of Canada and Japan. Within these markets we plan to target customers that combine elements of the following key criteria: 
    
     High quality patient clinical care 
     High volume IVF clinics 
  
   15 

Table of Contents  

High quality IVF labs 
     Out-of-pocket pay and high average cost per cycle 
     Potential for reimbursement by healthcare providers 
     Donor egg restrictions 
    
  We continue to explore the optimal business model for the AUGMENT treatment based on our initial commercial experience.  We plan to: 

pursue broader use, including patients with no previous failed IVF cycle for various egg health and male factor indications; 
                
    review the optimal manufacturing model(s) in certain regions, while continuing to utilize onsite manufacturing, to handle demand resulting from expanded indications, ongoing publication of patient experience and broad geographic expansion; and    
                
    continue to optimize commercial operations and logistics.  

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
    
  The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We evaluate our estimates, on an ongoing basis, including those related to accrued expenses and assumptions in the valuation of stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable in the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  Refer to Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates. 
    
  There were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Results of Operations 
    
  The following table summarizes our results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , together with the change in these items in thousands of dollars and as a percentage: 

(1) - Not Meaningful  
  
   16 

Table of Contents  

Revenues 
    
  Revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $197,000   and   $532,000  , respectively, as compared to   $75,000   and   $120,000   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we received the biopsy for 13 patients and recognized revenue related to 33 AUGMENT treatments, 5 of which related to biopsies received during the third quarter.  An AUGMENT treatment cycle begins upon our receipt of the patient s ovarian tissue after biopsy. We expect to receive payment before processing tissue and defer revenues until we have met all of our treatment obligations, including delivery of the mitochondria to the clinic. Based on our experiences to date, the period from receipt of the patient s tissue to recording revenue is expected to range between 30 and 120 days or more. Within certain of our programs, revenue recognition may be further deferred. During the second half of 2015 and first three quarters of 2016, we offered various pilot pricing programs, which we plan to continue in the remainder of 2016. These programs are designed to broaden the customer base knowledge and hands on experience with AUGMENT treatment. We plan to continue to build our foundational commercial structure and expect revenues in the fourth quarter of 2016 to reflect the decreased number of biopsies in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the previous quarter, as well as the impact of potential patients enrolling in our non-revenue generating multi-center trials. Our ability to generate additional revenue in the near term will depend on continued enrollment and use of the AUGMENT treatment in our contracted clinics in new and existing markets. 
    
  Cost of Revenues 
    
  Costs of revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $1.6 million   and   $4.0 million  , respectively, compared to   $0.9 million   and   $1.1 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The increase in costs of revenues is driven by the expansion of our commercial operations, which includes additional personnel and equipment. To make the AUGMENT treatment available in a specific international region, we need to establish laboratories and hire scientific personnel to process the patient tissue.  Therefore, as we continue to process additional AUGMENT treatments in commercial clinics we expect the cost of processing an AUGMENT treatment to decline as these fixed costs will be allocated over a larger number of treatments. Our costs of revenues include the cost of processing patient tissue that corresponds to treatment revenues for the reporting period.  
    
  Research and Development Expense 
    
  The   $1.0 million  , or   25%  ,   increase   in our research and development expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , from   $4.0 million   to   $5.0 million   was primarily attributable to: 

a $0.9 million increase in employee compensation and related benefits driven by the hiring of additional research and development personnel, including $0.1 million of severance-related costs; 
                
    a $0.3 million increase in costs associated with certain ongoing research agreements; 
                
    a $0.2 million increase in costs associated with ongoing clinical studies;  
                
    a $0.1 million increase in facilities and other costs; and 
                
    a $0.5 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense for certain senior executives that did not recur in 2016 as a result of executive leadership changes since the third quarter of 2015. 
       
  The   $3.2 million  , or   23%  ,   increase   in our research and development expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , from   $13.8 million   to   $16.9 million   was primarily attributable to: 

a $3.1 million increase in employee compensation and related benefits driven by the hiring of additional research and development personnel, including $0.4 million of severance-related costs; 
                
    a $1.7 million increase in lab supplies and patient related costs associated with our ongoing clinical studies;  
                
    a $0.9 million increase in facilities and other costs; and 
                
    a $2.5 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense related to certain mark-to-market adjustments of Founders' stock, which was fully expensed and vested in the first quarter of 2015 that did not recur in 2016. 
       
  We expect research and development expense to increase if our programs successfully advance towards commercialization. We do not believe that our historical costs are indicative of the future costs associated with these programs nor do they represent what any other future treatment program we initiate may cost. Due to the variability in the length of time  
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

and scope of activities necessary to develop a fertility treatment and uncertainties related to cost estimates and our ability to commercialize and/or obtain marketing approval for our fertility treatments, accurate and meaningful estimates of the total costs required to bring our fertility treatments to market are not available. 
    
  Additionally, because of the risks inherent in drug discovery and development, we cannot reasonably estimate or know: 

the nature, timing and estimated costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of our programs; 
                
    the anticipated completion dates of our programs; or 
                
    the period in which material net cash inflows are expected to commence, if at all, from our current programs and any potential future treatments. 
       
  Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
    
  Selling, general and administrative costs consist of ongoing costs to run our operations and continue to support the expanding international availability of the AUGMENT treatment. The   $0.3 million  , or   2%  ,   decrease   in selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , from   $12.9 million   to   $12.6 million   was primarily due to: 

a $0.9 million decrease in costs related to international expansion due to specific costs incurred in the third quarter of 2015, including legal, audit, and tax-related costs, as well as international shipping costs; 
                
    a $0.8 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense related to certain senior executives that did not recur in 2016 as a result of executive leadership changes since the third quarter of 2015; and 
                
    a $1.4 million increase in employee compensation and related benefits driven by the hiring of additional personnel, including $0.6 million of severance-related costs. 
       
  The   $1.3 million  , or   3%  ,   increase   in selling, general and administrative expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , from   $37.0 million   to   $38.3 million   was primarily due to: 

a $4.4 million increase in employee compensation and related benefits driven by the hiring of additional selling, general and administrative personnel, including $1.1 million of severance related costs;  
                
    a $0.9 million increase to support our international growth and intellectual property including increases of $0.7 million in legal expenses and $0.2 million in accounting, tax and other related expenses; and 
                
    a $4.0 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense related to certain mark-to-market adjustments of Founders' stock, which was fully expensed and vested in the first quarter of 2015 that did not recur in 2016, as well as pre-vest forfeitures as a result of the resignation of certain senior executives. 
       
  We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to increase as we continue to expand our international sales and operations. We plan to continue to build in-market teams in the markets of Canada and Japan to provide the infrastructure necessary to support our commercial efforts for the AUGMENT treatment. We do not believe that our historical costs are indicative of the future costs associated with supporting the AUGMENT treatment nor do they represent what any other future commercial treatment program we initiate may cost to support. 
    
  Interest Income, Net 
    
  Interest income, net was   $0.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , which included   $0.2 million   of interest income related to short-term investments. Interest income, net was   $0.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   which included $0.1 million of interest income related to short-term investments.   
    
  Interest income, net was   $0.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , which included   $0.5 million   of interest income related to short-term investments. Interest income, net was   $0.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   which included $0.1 million of interest income related to short-term investments.  

18 

Table of Contents  

Loss from Equity Method Investment 
    
  Loss from equity method investment was   $0.4 million   and   $1.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. Loss from equity method investment was   $0.3 million   and   $1.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. These losses resulted from our OvaXon joint venture established in December 2013. 
    
  Income Tax Expense 
    
  Income tax expense was   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. Income tax expense primarily consists of taxes incurred in the state and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Sources of Liquidity 
    
  We have generated limited AUGMENT treatment revenue to date. We have relied on the proceeds from sales of equity securities to fund our operations. Our short-term investments primarily trade in liquid markets, and the average days to maturity of our portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   are less than 12 months. Because our fertility treatments are in various stages of development and the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of our fertility treatments, or whether or when we may achieve profitability.  
    
  In June 2016, we issued and sold in an underwritten public offering an aggregate of   8,222,500   shares of our common  
  stock at   $7.00   per share, which included   1,072,500   shares that represented the full exercise of an option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters in connection with the offering. The offering resulted in   $53.9 million   of net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by us. 
    
  Our significant capital resources are as follows (in thousands): 

Cash Flows 
    
  Cash used in operating activities in both of the periods presented was primarily driven by our net loss. Cash flows from operations can vary significantly due to various factors, including changes in the net loss and the timing of disbursements made for accounts payable and accruals. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we received $1.2 million tenant allowance relating to leasehold improvements from our landlord that has been included within cash used in operating activities. We have accounted for the allowance received as a lease incentive to deferred rent and will be recorded as a reduction to rent expense over the lease term. 
    
  Cash used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   included purchases of   $65.6 million   of short-term investments, capital expenditures of   $1.0 million  , and a   $1.8 million   investment in a joint venture, which were offset by   $45.0 million   of proceeds from maturities of short-term investments,   $23.1 million   in sales of short-term investments and a  
  
   19 

Table of Contents  

$0.2 million   decrease in restricted cash. Capital expenditures in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily consisted of laboratory equipment. 
    
  Cash used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   included purchases of    $82.1 million   of short-term investments, a   $1.5 million   investment in a joint venture and capital expenditures of   $2.3 million  , which were offset by   $41.1 million   of proceeds from maturities of short-term investments,   $3.1 million   in sales of short-term investments and a   $0.4 million   increase in restricted cash. Capital expenditures in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily consisted of laboratory equipment. 
     
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily the result of an underwritten public offering of an aggregate of 8,222,500 shares of common stock at a price per share of $7.00 resulting in net proceeds of   $53.9 million  . Stock option exercises and issuances of common stock resulted in net proceeds of   $0.2 million  . 
    
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was primarily the result of an underwritten public offering of an aggregate of 2,645,000 shares of common stock at a price per share of $50.00 resulting in net proceeds of   $124.1 million  . Stock option exercises and issuances of common stock resulted in net proceeds of   $1.4 million  . 
    
  We may need substantial additional funds to support our planned operations and commercialization strategy. We expect that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of   $131.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   will enable us to fund our current operating plan for at least the next 12 months. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our fertility treatments, and the extent to which we may enter into collaborations with third parties for the development and commercialization of our fertility treatments, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with completing the development of our current treatments in development. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

our success in expanding to new clinics in other major regions of the world, transitioning contracted clinics to commercial centers and significantly increasing the number of patients receiving the AUGMENT treatment; 

our success in introducing the OvaPrime treatment to international IVF clinics; 

the costs associated with the expansion of foreign operations and building out our international commercial infrastructure, including expanding and staffing in our international headquarters in the United Kingdom and other international subsidiaries; 

the costs associated with establishing a domestic and international sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize the AUGMENT treatment and any other fertility treatments that we successfully develop; 

the pricing of the AUGMENT treatment and resulting revenues, as well as any future revenues we receive from our potential fertility treatments; 

the costs associated with the non-commercial preceptorship training program for the OvaPrime treatment; 

the costs of continuing the optimization of the OvaTure treatment and our success in defining a clinical pathway; 

the costs of existing and future AUGMENT studies, OvaPrime studies and any clinical trials of fertility treatments and potential fertility treatments; 

the costs involved in collaborating with Intrexon through the OvaXon joint venture to create new applications to prevent inherited diseases for human and animal health; 

any applicable regulatory process in the United States and abroad, including the premarketing and marketing approval requirements, to which any of our potential fertility treatments may be subject; 

any regulatory or institutional review board review of our potential fertility treatments that are subject to such review; 

20 

Table of Contents  

preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

establishing collaborations and partnerships on favorable terms, if at all; and 

developing, acquiring or in-licensing other potential fertility treatments and technologies. 
       
  Until such time, if ever, as we can generate sufficient revenues from the AUGMENT treatment or our other fertility treatments to become profitable, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We do not have any committed external source of capital. In addition, we may elect to raise additional capital even before we need it if the conditions for raising capital are favorable. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of common stockholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or treatments or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our fertility treatment development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market treatments that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC rules. 

Contractual Obligations 
    
  There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations set forth under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Contractual Obligations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  .  ASU No. 2016-15 requires changes in the presentation of debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies and distributions received from equity method investees.  This update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating this standard to determine if adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
       In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Based Compensation  , which simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard also provides the option to either continue to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or to account for forfeitures as they occur. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating this standard to determine if adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  , which is intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Under the new standard, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for both operating and financing leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. In addition, ASU 2016-02 requires the use of the modified retrospective method, which will require adjustment to all comparative periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within  
  
   21 

Table of Contents  

those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures thereto. 
    
  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, which defers the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year. ASU No. 2014-09 amends the guidance for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 605,   Revenue Recognition  , and creates a new Topic 606,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . This guidance is now effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Two adoption methods are permitted: retrospectively to all prior reporting periods presented, with certain practical expedients permitted; or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially adopting the ASU recognized at the date of initial application. We have not yet determined which adoption method we will utilize or the effect that the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern  . The new standard requires management of public and private companies to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern and, if so, disclose that fact. We will also be required to evaluate and disclose whether our plans alleviate that doubt. This guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We have evaluated the impact of this new standard as if it were adopted in connection with the issuance of this quarterly report and have determined that there is no additional disclosure required.  

Item 3.                                       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  Our interest income is sensitive to changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates, particularly since a significant portion of our investments are in money market funds and corporate obligations. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. We maintain our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments with a high quality, accredited financial institution. Our marketable securities are subject to interest rate risk and will fall in value if market interest rates increase. 
    
  A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in an approximately $0.3 million decrease in the fair value of our investments as of   September 30, 2016  , as compared to an approximately $0.5 million decrease as of   December 31, 2015  . We have the ability to hold our fixed income investments until maturity and, therefore, we do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect of a change in market interest rates on our investments. 

Item 4.                                       Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
    
  Changes in Internal Controls.    No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II.                                     Other Information 

22 

Table of Contents  

Item 1.                                       Legal Proceedings 
    
  On October 9, 2015, a purported class action lawsuit was filed in the Suffolk County Superior Court in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the "Superior Court") against us, several of our officers and directors and certain of the underwriters from our January 2015 follow-on public offering of our common stock. The plaintiffs purport to represent those persons who purchased shares of our common stock pursuant or traceable to our January 2015 follow-on public offering. The plaintiffs allege, among other things, that the defendants made false and misleading statements and failed to disclose material information in the Company s January 2015 Registration Statement and incorporated offering materials. Plaintiffs allege violations of Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act and seek, among other relief, unspecified compensatory damages, rescission, pre-and post-judgment interest and fees, costs and disbursements. On December 7, 2015, the OvaScience defendants filed a notice of removal with the Federal District Court for the District of Massachusetts (the "District Court"). On December 30, 2015, plaintiffs filed a motion to remand the action to the Superior Court. Oral argument on the motion to remand was held on February 19, 2016. On February 23, 2016, the District Court granted plaintiffs' motion to remand the action to the Superior Court. On February 26, 2016, a second purported class action lawsuit was filed in the Suffolk County Superior Court in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, alleging substantially the same claims against the same parties as the action filed on October 9, 2015. On April 4, 2016, the Superior Court granted the parties  joint motion to consolidate the two cases and appoint co-lead plaintiffs, and ordered the co-lead plaintiffs to file an amended consolidated complaint within sixty days. On June 17, 2016, co-lead plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint asserting similar allegations and alleging violations of the same sections of the Securities Act of 1933 as the original complaint. On October 27, 2016, the Court granted plaintiffs' motion to intervene to add an additional name plaintiff.  We are in the process of filing a motion to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint. We believe that the amended consolidated complaint is without merit and intend to defend against the litigation. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful. A resolution of this lawsuit adverse to the Company or the other defendants could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position and results of operations in the period in which the lawsuit is resolved. At present, we are unable to estimate potential losses, if any, related to the lawsuit.  
    
  We are not party to any other litigation in any court and management is not aware of any contemplated proceeding by any governmental authority against the Company. 

Item 1A.                              Risk Factors 
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in (i) Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and (ii) Exhibit 99.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2016, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. There have been no material changes in or additions to the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  On September 8, 2016, the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 727,500 shares of its common stock at a price per share of $7.15 to 20 employees. These grants were made pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.  All stock option awards are exercisable at $7.15 per share and vest as to 25% on the one year anniversary of each employee s date of hire, with the remaining vesting quarterly thereafter, subject to each employee s continued employment with the Company. 

Item 5.                                       Other Information. 
    
  On November 3, 2016, we entered into a Sales Agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with Cowen and Company, LLC, or Cowen, with respect to an at-the-market offering program, under which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock, or the Placement Shares, having an aggregate offering price of up to $50,000,000 through Cowen as our sales agent.  We are not obligated to make any sales of common stock under the Sales Agreement and no assurance can be given that we will sell any shares under the Sales Agreement, or, if we do, as to the price or amount of shares that we will sell, or the dates on which any such sales will take place.  
    
  Any sales of shares of our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement will be made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3and a related prospectus.  Cowen may sell the Placement Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an  at the market  offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including, without limitation, sales made by means of ordinary brokers  transactions on The NASDAQ Global Market or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, in block transactions, or as otherwise directed by the Company. Cowen will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Placement Shares from time to time, based upon instructions from us (including any  
  
   23 

Table of Contents  

price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions that we may impose). We will pay Cowen a commission of up to three percent (3.0%) of the gross sales proceeds of any Placement Shares sold through Cowen under the Sales Agreement, and we have also provided Cowen with customary indemnification and contribution rights.  The Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of the sale of all common stock subject to the Sales Agreement or termination of the Sales Agreement in accordance with its terms. 
    
  The above disclosure shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities discussed herein, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation, or sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state. 

Item 6.                                       Exhibits 
    
  The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth in the Exhibit Index and such Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 

24 

Table of Contents  

Signatures 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

OVASCIENCE, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ Harald Stock, Ph.D. 

Name: 
    Harald Stock, Ph.D. 
      Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
      
    Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
    /s/ Christophe Couturier 

Name: 
    Christophe Couturier 
      Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
      
    Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

25 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit Index 
    
                   Exhibit 
      
    Description 
      10.1* 
      
    Offer Letter, dated September 6, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Christophe Couturier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2016 (File No. 001-35890)).  
      10.2* 
      
    Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement between the Registrant and Christophe Couturier dated September 8, 2016 
      10.3+ 
      
    Amendment No. 6 to the Exclusive License Agreement by and between OvaScience, Inc. and The General Hospital Corporation. 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Principal Executive Officer. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Principal Financial Officer. 

32.1 
      
    Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Principal Executive Officer. 

32.2 
      
    Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Principal Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
  +  Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

26 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 ex102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

OVASCIENCE, INC. 
  Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement     
  1.  Grant of Option  . 
  This agreement evidences the grant by OvaScience, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), on September 6, 2016     (the  Grant Date ) to     Christophe Couturier, an employee, consultant and/or director of the Company (the  Participant ), of an option to purchase, in whole or in part, on the terms provided herein, a total of 200,000 shares (the  Shares ) of common stock, $0.001     par value per share, of the Company ( Common Stock ) at $7.15 per Share as an inducement material to the Participant s entering into employment as Chief Financial Officer of the Company (pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listed Company Manual), on September 6, 2016, in accordance with the terms of a letter agreement with the Company dated August 24, 2016 (the  Employment Agreement ).  Unless earlier terminated, this option shall expire at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on September 6, 2026 (the  Final Exercise Date ). 
  It is intended that the option evidenced by this agreement shall not be an incentive stock option ( Incentive Stock Option ) as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the  Code ).  Except as otherwise indicated by the context, the term  Participant , as used in this option, shall be deemed to include any person who acquires the right to exercise this option validly under its terms. 
  2.        Vesting Schedule  . 
  This option will become exercisable ( vest ) as to 25% of the original number of Shares on the first     anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date and as to an additional 6.25% of the original number of Shares at the end of each successive     three-month     period following the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date until the fourth anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Vesting Commencement Date  shall mean September 6, 2016. 
  The right of exercise shall be cumulative so that to the extent the option is not exercised in any period to the maximum extent permissible it shall continue to be exercisable, in whole or in part, with respect to all Shares for which it is vested until the earlier of the Final Exercise Date or the termination of this option under paragraph 3 hereof. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  if within one (1) year of the date of a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Employment Agreement) the Participant s employment as the full-time Chief Financial Officer of the Company is terminated by the Company (or any successor) without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement), or the Participant terminates his position as full-time Chief Financial Officer of the Company for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement), then 100% of the unvested portion of this option shall vest as of the date of such termination.  

3.        Exercise of Option  . 
  (a)        Form of Exercise  .  Each election to exercise this option shall be accompanied by a completed Notice of Stock Option Exercise in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit A  , signed by the Participant, and received by the Company at its principal office, accompanied by this agreement, and payment in full in accordance with paragraph (b) below.  The Participant may purchase less than the number of Shares covered hereby, provided that no partial exercise of this option may be for any fractional share. 
  (b)        Payment Upon Exercise  .  Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of this option shall be paid for as follows: 
  (1)        in cash or by check, payable to the order of the Company; 
  (2)        by (i) delivery of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price and any required tax withholding or (ii) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price and any required tax withholding; 
  (3)        to the extent approved by the Board of Directors of the Company (the  Board ), in its sole discretion, by delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock owned by the Participant valued at their fair market value per share (as defined below) ( Fair Market Value ), provided (i) such method of payment is then permitted under applicable law, (ii) such Common Stock, if acquired directly from the Company, was owned by the Participant for such minimum period of time, if any, as may be established by the Board in its discretion and (iii) such Common Stock is not subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting or other similar requirements; 
  (4)        to the extent approved by the Board in its sole discretion, by delivery of a notice of  net exercise  to the Company, as a result of which the Participant would pay the exercise price for the portion of this option being exercised by cancelling a portion of this option for such number of shares as is equal to the exercise price divided by the excess of the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise over the option exercise price per share; 
  (5)        to the extent permitted by applicable law and approved by the Board, in its sole discretion, payment of such other lawful consideration as the Board may determine; or 
  (6)        by any combination of the above permitted forms of payment. 
  Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock for purposes of this Agreement will be the closing sale price (for the primary trading session) on the date of grant (or other date for which a determination is being made). For any date that is not a trading day, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock for such date will be determined by using the closing sale price for the immediately preceding trading day and with the timing in the formulas above adjusted  
  
   -2- 

accordingly. The Board can substitute a particular time of day or other measure of  closing sale price  because of exchange or market procedures or can, in its sole discretion, use weighted averages either on a daily basis or such longer period as complies with Section 409A of Code. The Board has sole discretion to determine the Fair Market Value for purposes of this Agreement, and the Board s determination is conclusive and binding. 
    
  (c)        Continuous Relationship with the Company Required  .  Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph 3, this option may not be exercised unless the Participant, at the time he or she exercises this option, is, and has been at all times since the Grant Date, an employee, officer or director of, or consultant or advisor to, the Company or any other entity the employees, officers, directors, consultants, or advisors of which are eligible to receive option grants from the Company (an  Eligible Participant ). 
  (d)        Termination of Relationship with the Company  .  If the Participant ceases to be an Eligible Participant for any reason, then, except as provided in paragraphs (e) and (f) below, the right to exercise this option shall terminate     three months after such cessation (but in no event after the Final Exercise Date),   provided     that   this option shall be exercisable only to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise this option on the date of such cessation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant, prior to the Final Exercise Date, violates the non-competition or confidentiality provisions of any employment contract, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, the right to exercise this option shall terminate immediately upon such violation. 
  (e)        Exercise Period Upon Death or Disability  .  If the Participant dies or becomes disabled (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) prior to the Final Exercise Date while he or she is an Eligible Participant and the Company has not terminated such relationship for  cause  as specified in paragraph (f) below, this option shall be exercisable, within the period of one year following the date of death or disability of the Participant, by the Participant (or in the case of death by an authorized transferee),   provided     that   this option shall be exercisable only to the extent that this option was exercisable by the Participant on the date of his or her death or disability, and further provided that this option shall not be exercisable after the Final Exercise Date. 
  (f)        Termination for Cause  .  If, prior to the Final Exercise Date, the Participant s employment or other relationship with the Company is terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement), the right to exercise this option shall terminate immediately upon the effective date of such termination of employment or other relationship.  If, prior to the Final Exercise Date, the Participant is given notice by the Company of the termination of his or her employment or other relationship by the Company for Cause, and the effective date of such employment or other termination is subsequent to the date of the delivery of such notice, the right to exercise this option shall be suspended from the time of the delivery of such notice until the earlier of (i) such time as it is determined or otherwise agreed that the Participant s employment  or other relationship shall not be terminated for Cause as provided in such notice or (ii) the effective date of such termination of employment or other relationship (in which case the right to exercise this option shall, pursuant to the preceding sentence, terminate  
  
   -3- 

immediately upon the delivery of the notice of such termination of employment or other relationship for Cause). The Participant s employment shall be considered to have been terminated for Cause if the Company determines, within 30 days after the Participant s resignation, that termination for Cause was warranted. 
  (g)        Conditions on Delivery of Stock  .  The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this option until (i) all conditions of this option have been met or removed to the satisfaction of the Company, (ii) in the opinion of the Company s counsel, all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and regulations and any applicable stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Company may consider appropriate to satisfy the requirements of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. 
  4.        Withholding  .  The Participant must satisfy all applicable federal, state, and local or other income and employment tax withholding obligations before the Company will deliver stock certificates or otherwise recognize ownership of Common Stock under this option. The Company may decide to satisfy the withholding obligations through additional withholding on salary or wages. If the Company elects not to or cannot withhold from other compensation, the Participant must pay the Company the full amount, if any, required for withholding or have a broker tender to the Company cash equal to the withholding obligations. Payment of withholding obligations is due before the Company will issue any shares on exercise of this option or at the same time as payment of the exercise price unless the Company determines otherwise. If approved by the Board in its sole discretion, the Participant may satisfy such tax obligations in whole or in part by delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock, including shares retained from this option creating the tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value; provided, however, except as otherwise provided by the Board, that the total tax withholding where stock is being used to satisfy such tax obligations cannot exceed the Company s minimum statutory withholding obligations (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income). Shares used to satisfy tax withholding requirements cannot be subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting or other similar requirements. 
  5.        Transfer Restrictions. 
  This option may not be sold, assigned, transferred , pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered by the Participant, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order and, during the life of the Participant, shall be exercisable only by the Participant. 
  6.        Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events  . 
  (a)           Changes in Capitalization  . In the event of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares, reclassification of shares, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization or event, or any dividend or distribution to holders of Common Stock other than an ordinary cash dividend, the number and class of securities and  
  
   -4- 

exercise price per share of this option, shall be equitably adjusted by the Company (or substituted options may be made, if applicable) in the manner determined by the Board. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event the Company effects a split of the Common Stock by means of a stock dividend and the exercise price of and the number of shares subject to this option are adjusted as of the date of the distribution of the dividend (rather than as of the record date for such dividend), then the Participant, if he or she exercises this option between the record date and the distribution date for such stock dividend, shall be entitled to receive, on the distribution date, the stock dividend with respect to the shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise, notwithstanding the fact that such Shares were not outstanding as of the close of business on the record date for such stock dividend. 
  (b)           Reorganization Events  . 
  (1)           Definition  . A  Reorganization Event  shall mean: (a) any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity as a result of which all of the Common Stock of the Company is converted into or exchanged for the right to receive cash, securities or other property or is cancelled, (b) any transfer or disposition of all of the Common Stock of the Company for cash, securities or other property pursuant to a share exchange or other transaction or (c) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
  (2)           Consequences of a Reorganization Event  . 
  (i)    In connection with a Reorganization Event, the Board may take any one or more of the following actions as to all or any (or any portion of) this option on such terms as the Board determines: (A) provide that this option shall be assumed, or substantially equivalent options shall be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof), (B) upon written notice to the Participant, provide that all of the Participant s unexercised options will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such Reorganization Event unless exercised by the Participant (to the extent then exercisable) within a specified period following the date of such notice, (C) provide that outstanding options shall become exercisable, in whole or in part prior to or upon such Reorganization Event, (D) in the event of a Reorganization Event under the terms of which holders of Common Stock will receive upon consummation thereof a cash payment for each share surrendered in the Reorganization Event (the  Acquisition Price ), make or provide for a cash payment to the Participant with respect to each option held by the Participant equal to (1) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of this option (after giving effect to any acceleration of vesting that occurs upon or immediately prior to such Reorganization Event) multiplied by (2) the excess, if any, of (I) the Acquisition Price over (II) the exercise, measurement or purchase price of this option and any applicable tax withholdings, in exchange for the termination of this option, (E) provided that, in connection with a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, this option shall convert into the right to receive liquidation proceeds (if applicable, net of the exercise, measurement or purchase price thereof and any applicable tax withholdings) and (F) any combination of the foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under this paragraph 6(b)(2), the Board shall not be obligated to treat all options held by the Participant or all options of the same type, identically. 
  
   -5- 

(ii)  For purposes of paragraph 6(b)(2)(i)(A), this option shall be considered assumed if, following consummation of the Reorganization Event, this option confers the right to purchase or receive pursuant to the terms of this option, for each share of Common Stock subject to this option immediately prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event, the consideration (whether cash, securities or other property) received as a result of the Reorganization Event by holders of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock held immediately prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock); provided, however, that if the consideration received as a result of the Reorganization Event is not solely common stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof), the Company may, with the consent of the acquiring or succeeding corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise or settlement of this option to consist solely of such number of shares of common stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) that the Board determined to be equivalent in value (as of the date of such determination or another date specified by the Board) to the per share consideration received by holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock as a result of the Reorganization Event. 
  7.        Amendment of Option  .   
  (a)        Except as set forth in paragraph 7(b) below, the Board may amend, modify or terminate this option, including but not limited to, substituting therefor another option or other stock-based award of the same or a different type and changing the date of exercise. The Participant s consent to such action shall be required unless (i) the Board determines that the action, taking into account any related action does not materially and adversely affect the Participant s rights under this option or (ii) the change is permitted under paragraph 6, above. 
  (b)         The Board may not, without stockholder approval, (1) amend this option to provide an exercise price per share that is lower than the then-current exercise price per share of this option, (2)  cancel this option and grant in substitution therefor new options or other stock-based awards covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock and having an exercise price per share lower than the then-current exercise price per share of the cancelled option,(3) cancel in exchange for a cash payment any portion of this option if the exercise price per share is above the then-current Fair Market Value, or (4) take any other action under the Plan that constitutes a  repricing  within the meaning of the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market 
  8.        Miscellaneous. 
  (a)        No Right To Employment or Other Status  . The grant of this option shall not be construed as giving the Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with the Participant free from any liability or claim except as expressly provided in this option. 
  
   -6- 

(b)           No Rights As Stockholder  . Subject to the provisions of this option, the Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock to be distributed with respect to this option until becoming the record holder of such Shares. 
  (c)        Governing Law  . The provisions of this option shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such state that would require the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
   [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.] 

-7- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this option to be executed under its corporate seal by its duly authorized officer.  This option shall take effect as a sealed instrument. 

OVASCIENCE, INC. 

By: /s/ Harald Stock 

Name: 
    Harald Stock, Ph.D. 

Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

PARTICIPANT S ACCEPTANCE 
  The undersigned hereby accepts the foregoing option and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.   

PARTICIPANT: 

By: / s/ Christophe Couturier 

Christophe Couturier 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

Exhibit A 
  NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION EXERCISE 
  Date: ____________ 
  OvaScience, Inc.   9 Fourth Avenue  Waltham, Massachusetts 02541 
  Attention:  Chief Executive Officer 
  Dear Sir or Madam: 
  I am the holder of a Nonstatutory Stock Option granted to me by OvaScience, Inc. (the  Company ) on September 6, 2016 for the purchase of 200,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company at a purchase price of $[              ] per share. 
  I hereby exercise my option to purchase _________ shares of Common Stock (the  Shares ), for which I have enclosed __________ in the amount of ________.  Please register my stock certificate as follows: 
                       
    Name(s): 
    _______________________ 

_______________________ 

Address: 
    _______________________ 

57899593v.1 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 ex103mgh.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 

August 29, 2016 
  Nina Green 
  Partners HealthCare Innovation 215 First Street, Suite 500 
  Cambridge, MA 02142  
    
  Dear Nina, 
    
  1.  This binding term sheet (this    Term Sheet   ), dated 29 August 2016 (the    BTS Date   ) is entered into as a legally binding contract between OvaScience, Inc., a Delaware corporation with offices at Nine 4  th   Avenue in Waltham, MA 02451 (   OvaScience   ), and The General Hospital Corporation, d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital, a not-for-profit Massachusetts corporation with offices at 55 Fruit Street in Boston, MA 02114 (   Hospital   ) (each of OvaScience and Hospital referred to herein individually as a    Party   , and collectively as the    Parties   ). 
    
  2.  OvaScience and Hospital previously entered into an exclusive license agreement related to,   inter alia  , Hospital s rights to egg precursor cell technology, dated June 27, 2011 , which license agreement was subsequently amended by the Parties in amendments dated September 7 2011, July 30 2013, September 9 2013, November 14 2013, and December 18 2013 (as so amended, the    Agreement   ). 
    
  3.  In the interest of eliminating ambiguities and any misalignment that might exist between the Parties on account of the Agreement, and to promote optimal alignment between the Parties moving forward, the Parties hereby agree to further amend the Agreement to reflect the modified rights and obligations provided in   Schedule A     to this Term Sheet (the    Amended Terms    provided, however, that the effectiveness of such Amended Terms is expressly conditioned upon, and subject to, the approval of OvaScience s Board of Directors at a meeting of the Board, which is scheduled to occur on September 7, 2016. 
    
  4.  In the event that OvaScience s Board of Directors approves the Amended Terms, (1) the Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended in accordance with the Amended Terms immediately effective upon the delivery by OvaScience to Hospital of written notice of such Board of Directors  approval, (2) any amounts that are payable by OvaScience upon execution and/or signing of the amended and restated license agreement incorporating the Amended Terms will be payable by OvaScience within ten (10) business days of the date of such written notice (or, if the amended and restated license is not executed by the Parties and an amount is payable by OvaScience upon a specified anniversary, within ten (10) business days of the anniversary of the date of such written notice), and (3) the Parties will undertake to negotiate and execute in good faith an amended and restated license agreement that  
  
   Page   1   of   4 
  Portions of the exhibit, indicated by the mark  [***],  were omitted and have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Registrant s application requesting confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exhibit 10.3 

incorporates the substance of the Agreement as further amended by the Amended Terms, it being expressly understood that no such amended and restated license agreement is required in order to make the Amended Terms set forth in this Term Sheet effective. 
    
  5.  The existence and the terms of this Term Sheet, and any information exchanged in furtherance of generating this Term Sheet and/or in preparing and executing the amended and restated license agreement, shall be confidential information of OvaScience. Hospital agrees to hold in confidence and not use, disclose or reveal to any other person any such information unless and until such information has become generally available to the public through no fault or omission on the part of Hospital. 
    
  6.  The Parties have entered into this Term Sheet on the BTS Date. This Term Sheet is intended to be a valid and binding agreement, enforceable against the Parties and their respective successors and assigns, whether or not the Parties enter into the amended and restated license agreement, subject only to the approval of OvaScience s Board of Directors. Any capitalized but undefined terms in this Term Sheet or Schedule A hereto shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement; additionally,  CRE  shall mean commercially reasonable efforts and shall include considerations of strategy, as well as the presence or absence of (i) intellectual property protection, and (ii) regulatory requirements or concerns. The validity, interpretation and performance of this Term Sheet is controlled by and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. The Parties acknowledge and agree that (a) each Party and its counsel reviewed and negotiated the terms and provisions of this Term Sheet and have contributed to its revision, and (b) the rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are resolved against the drafting Party will not be employed in the interpretation of this Term Sheet. This Term Sheet may be executed by facsimile and in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one agreement binding on both Parties. 
    
           OvaScience, Inc. 
    The General Hospital Corporation (d/b/a  Massachusetts General Hospital ) 

/s/ Harald Stock                /s/ Sepideh Hashemi 
    
  By: Harald Stock    By: Sepideh Hashemi 
  Title: President and CEO    Title: Market Sector Leader  

9/6/16                        9/6/16 
    
  Date    Date 
  
   Page   2   of   4 
  Portions of the exhibit, indicated by the mark  [***],  were omitted and have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Registrant s application requesting confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Schedule A 
  Schedule of Amended Terms to Exclusive License Agreement 
    
                       Issue 
    Agreed Upon Provisions (Subject to approval by 
  OvaScience s Board of Directors) 
      Consolidation of fields 
    Merge 3 fields (License, Expanded, JV) into 1 unified  all fields  field 
      Economic considerations stemming from field consolidation 
    Aggregate annual payments of $  [***]   for unified field. 
      Add two milestones by which OvaScience pays $  [***]   upon the FCS for both treating menopause, and for diagnostics. 
      Royalty on Net Sales.   MGH proposes to keep the royalty on Net Sales separate with   [***]  % for human, and   [***]  % for animal, applications. 

Solely with respect to the Media Patent Rights, and in consideration for the   [***]   extension of FCS obligations by Harvard, OvaScience agrees that it will continue to pay royalties on Net Sales within the Limited Field (  i.e.  , the    [***]   Media Patent Rights  field) at   [***]  % of the rates above for   [***]   years (  [***]   months) following the expiration of the Media Patent Rights, provided that the following two conditions are met before any such extension comes into force or effect: 
  (1)    a patent within the Media Patent Rights becomes granted and enforceable in the country where the Net Sales are being generated; and 
  (2)    such patent directly covers the Product or Process on which such Net Sales are assessed. 
      a.     Further Reductions in Rate. 
      i.     Combination Product Provision  .  An additional formula of C/D for determining the amount of Net Sales attributable to a Combination Product where D is the average selling price of the combination product sold in a given market and C is the average selling price of the isolated royalty-bearing product or process in that market (e.g., where we sell an EggPC-derived egg or embryo in a market such as animal husbandry, wherein the embryo doesn t utilize any proprietary technology of another, which egg/standard embryo would be the royalty-bearing product/process and the ultimate cow generated the combination product). This formula would not displace the other formulas provided, but would supplement those formulas. 
      ii.     Royalty Floor  .   The overall floor on the royalty rate shall be   [***]  % if OvaScience exercises both Stacking Provisions and Combination Product Provisions for a single product. The Royalty Floor shall remain at   [***]  % in the event that either the Stacking OR Combination Provisions are invoked by OvaScience. 
      2.   Royalty on Sublicense Income.   MGH would like to recognize OvaScience s contribution towards development of commercially valuable technology by an appropriately reducing/stepping down amount of Sublicense Income due for the combined fields which is directly attributable to the sublicense grant as follows: 
        
    As of Date 
    % Sublicense Income 
      
      Effective Date of License ( ED ) 
    [***]  % 
      
      3  rd    Anniversary ED 
    [***]  % 

Page   3   of   4 
  Portions of the exhibit, indicated by the mark  [***],  were omitted and have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Registrant s application requesting confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

5  th   Anniversary ED 
    [***]  %, provided that OVAS pays MGH 
  $  [***]   upon execution of the restatement. 
      
      7  th    Anniversary of ED 
    [***]  %, provided that OVAS pays MGH additional $  [***]   by the first anniversary of the restatement s execution. 
      
      Claw-Back Provisions 
    3.     Realigning Diligence Obligations. 
      a.     Elimination of Clinical POC Obligation.      Eliminate clinical POC study, and OvaScience will pay the $  [***]   milestone for achieving clinical POC within   [***]   of execution of the restatement. 
      b.     Extending Timing of First Commercial Sale ( FCS ).     Extend the FCS from   [***]   for EggPC platform in any required geographies. 
      c.        Restructuring Nature of Required Geographies. 
  i.    Change to CRE re: specific big pharma targets to regional markets (e.g., 1 country in North America, 1 Central or South American country, 1 country in the Middle East, 2 countries in Asia Pacific, and 2 countries within or candidates for the EU) within   [***]   of Effective Date; and 
  ii.    OvaScience shall, by the   [***]   of the restatement s execution, make FCS in the US 
      d.     Extending FCS for     [***]     Media Patent Rights.     OvaScience proposes that we extend the FCS deadline by   [***]  , for which we would pay $  [***]   upon execution of the 
  restatement. 
      e.     Diligence After FCS:     OvaScience proposes that we (a) achieve a FCS in those regions per 3(c), above, and (b) not let any period of   [***]   or more expire without continued sales in those regions, provided that this period would toll in the event of any actual or threatened regulatory or IP issues. Any failure in achieving the above would be subject to (2), below. 
      4.     Providing for Diligence Extensions.    OvaScience can extend any diligence obligation for   [***]   by paying a $  [***]   fee; provided, that any diligence obligation could only be so extended   [***]  . 

Page   4   of   4 
  Portions of the exhibit, indicated by the mark  [***],  were omitted and have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Registrant s application requesting confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ovas-20160930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 
    
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Principal Executive Officer 
    
  I, Harald Stock, Ph.D., certify that: 
    
  1.     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OvaScience, Inc.; 
    
  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/ Harald Stock, Ph.D. 

Harald Stock, Ph.D. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ovas-20160930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 
    
  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Principal Financial Officer 
    
  I, Christophe Couturier, certify that: 
    
  1.     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OvaScience, Inc.; 
    
  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/ Christophe Couturier 

Christophe Couturier 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal accounting and financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ovas-20160930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
    
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Chief Executive Officer 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OvaScience, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Harald Stock, Ph.D., as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
    
  (1)   the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  (2)   the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/ Harald Stock, Ph.D. 

Harald Stock, Ph.D. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ovas-20160930xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
    
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Principal Financial Officer 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OvaScience, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Christophe Couturier, as principal financial officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
    
  (1)   the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  (2)   the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

/s/ Christophe Couturier 

Christophe Couturier 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal accounting and financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 ovas-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ovas-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ovas-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ovas-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ovas-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ovas-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

