<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_898437_0001171843-16-012756_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2589050</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66733</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>168449</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>528774</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1209166</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>556650</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-012756.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031210841
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-012756
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Anika Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000898437
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				043145961
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14027
		FILM NUMBER:		161963075

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 WIGGINS AVENUE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(781) 457-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 WIGGINS AVENUE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANIKA THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANIKA RESEARCH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930309

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-012756.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 f10q_103116p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

For the transition period from to  

Commission File Number 000-21326  

Anika Therapeutics, Inc.   

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Massachusetts  
      04-3145961   
 
     (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  
 
     Incorporation or Organization) 

32 Wiggins Avenue, Bedford, Massachusetts  
      01730   
 
     (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
     (Zip Code)  

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code:  (781) 457-9000  

Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal
Year, if Changed Since Last Report:  N/A  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x 
 No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes  x  No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      o  
       
     Accelerated filer  x  

Non-accelerated filer  o  
         (Do not check if a smaller 
         reporting company)  

Smaller reporting 
         company  o    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 

 Yes   o   No   x  

As of October 26, 2016 there were 14,623,225 outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value $.01 per
share. 

ANIKA THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page      
 
      Part I  
      Financial Information  

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (unaudited):  
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the
        three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      5   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      6   
 
      Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      13   
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      18   
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      18   
 
      Part II  
      Other Information  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
      18   
 
      Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
      19   
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      19   
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      19   
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      19   
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
      19   
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
      20   
 
      Signatures  
      21   

References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  we, 
 us,   our,   our company,  and other similar references refer to Anika Therapeutics, Inc.
and its subsidiaries unless the context otherwise indicates. 

ANIKA, ANIKA THERAPEUTICS, CINGAL, HYAFF, MONOVISC, and ORTHOVISC are our registered
trademarks. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains registered marks, trademarks, and trade names that are the property
of other companies and licensed to us. 

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Anika Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

Anika Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

Anika Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (in thousands) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

ANIKA THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (amounts in thousands, except shares and per share amounts
or as otherwise noted)  

 ( unaudited ) 

1.      Nature of Business  

Anika Therapeutics, Inc. is a global, integrated
orthopedic medicines company committed to improving the lives of patients with degenerative orthopedic diseases and traumatic conditions
with clinically meaningful therapies along the continuum of care, from palliative pain management to regenerative cartilage repair.
The Company has over two decades of global expertise developing, manufacturing, and commercializing  products
based on the Company s proprietary hyaluronic acid ( HA ) technology. The Company s orthopedic medicine
portfolio includes ORTHOVISC, MONOVISC, and CINGAL, which alleviate pain and restore joint function by replenishing depleted HA,
and HYALOFAST, a solid HA-based scaffold to aid cartilage repair and regeneration. 

The Company is subject to risks common to
companies in the biotechnology and medical device industries including, but not limited to, development by the Company or its competitors
of new technological innovations, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology, commercialization of existing
and new products, and compliance with U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and foreign regulations and approval
requirements, as well as the ability to grow the Company s business through appropriate commercial strategies. 

2.      Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
and related notes have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ) and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( US GAAP ).
The financial statements include the accounts of Anika Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Inter-company transactions and
balances have been eliminated. The year-end consolidated balance sheet is derived from the Company s audited financial statements,
but does not include all disclosures required by US GAAP. In the opinion of management, these unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to fairly state the condensed
consolidated financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2016, the results of its operations for the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
and related notes should be read in conjunction with the Company s annual financial statements filed with its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The results of operations for the three- and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. Certain prior
period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. There was no impact on operating income. 

3.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Recently Issued  

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in  Topic
605, Revenue Recognition  and requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for
those goods or services.  In July 2015, the FASB issued a deferral of ASU 2014-09 of one year making it effective for annual
reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017 while also providing for early adoption not to occur before the original
effective date. The Company is assessing the appropriate method for implementing ASU 2014-09, as well as the impact the adoption
of ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic
842). ASU 2016-02 amends existing leasing accounting requirements. The most significant change will result in the recognition of
lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for virtually all leases. The new guidance will also require significant additional
disclosures about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows from leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Upon adoption, entities are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning
of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted, and a number of optional
practical expedients may be elected to simplify the impact of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
Compensation (Topic 718) Stock Compensation. ASU 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as equity or liabilities,
an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications
on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective as of January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is assessing
ASU 2016-09 and the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and footnote
disclosures. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
Financial Instruments (Topic 326) Credit Losses. ASU 2016-13 changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain
other instruments. Under the new standard, entities holding financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted
for at fair value through net income are to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. An allowance for credit losses
will be a valuation account that will be deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial asset to present the net carrying
value at the amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. ASU 2016-13 is effective as of January 1, 2020. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is assessing ASU 2016-13, and adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on
its consolidated financial statements or footnote disclosures. 

Recently Adopted  

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Inventory
(Topic 330) Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. ASU 2015-11 more closely aligns the measurement of inventory in US GAAP with
the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards by requiring companies using the first-in, first-out
and average costs methods to measure inventory using the lower of cost and net realizable value, where net realizable value is
the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and
transportation. The provisions of ASU 2015-11 are effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. ASU
2015-11 should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. The Company adopted this standard for the interim reporting period ended March 31, 2016. The adoption of this standard
did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

4.      Investments  

All of the Company s
investments are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded as a component
of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of related income taxes. The Company held bank certificates of deposit of $22.3
million and $25.8 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company also held corporate debt securities
of $2.0 million at December 31, 2015. There were no unrealized gains or losses on the Company s available-for-sale securities
at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  

5.      Fair Value Measurements  

Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be
received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants based
on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for classifying the fair value measurements,
a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which classifies the fair value measurements based on the inputs used in measuring fair value,
was established as follows: (Level 1) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
(Level 2) significant other observable inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly; and (Level 3) significant unobservable
inputs for which there is little or no market data, which requires the Company to develop its own assumptions. This hierarchy requires
the Company to use observable market data, when available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair
value. On a recurring basis, the Company records its investments at fair value. 

The Company s investments
are all classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. These investments classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy
are valued based on matrix pricing compiled by third party pricing vendors, using observable market inputs such as interest rates,
yield curves, and credit risk.  

The fair value hierarchy of the Company s cash equivalents and investments at fair
value is as follows: 

6.      Equity Incentive Plan  

The Company estimates the fair value of stock options and stock appreciation
rights ( SARs ) using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Fair value of restricted stock awards ( RSAs )
and restricted stock units ( RSUs ) are measured by the grant-date price of the Company s shares. The fair value
of each stock option award during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was estimated
on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

The Company recorded
$0.8 million and $0.5 million of share-based compensation expense for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, for equity compensation awards. The Company recorded $2.3 million and $1.6 million of share-based compensation expense
for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for equity compensation awards. The Company presents
the expenses related to stock-based compensation awards in the same expense line items as cash compensation paid to the respective
recipients. 

During the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted under the Anika Therapeutics Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Option
and Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) a total of 60,300 shares of stock options. During the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, the Company granted under the Plan a total of 392,005 shares of stock options including 46,300 RSAs and
11,805 RSUs. All of the RSUs were granted to directors of the Company and vest over a one-year period. The stock options and
RSAs granted to employees generally become exercisable or vest ratably over a four-year period. 

A portion of the stock options granted during the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 contained certain performance features, as compared to established targets, in addition to time-based
vesting conditions. For performance-based awards with financial achievement targets, the Company recognizes expense using the graded
vesting methodology based on the number of shares expected to vest. Compensation cost associated with performance grants is estimated
using the Black-Scholes valuation method multiplied by the expected number of shares to be issued, which is adjusted based on the
estimated probabilities of achieving the performance goals. Changes to the probability assessment and the estimated shares expected
to vest will result in adjustments to the related share-based compensation expense that will be recorded in the period of the change.
If the performance targets are not achieved, no compensation cost is recognized and any previously recognized compensation cost
is reversed. 

7.      Earnings Per Share ( EPS )  

Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Unvested restricted shares, although
legally issued and outstanding, are not considered outstanding for purposes of calculating basic earnings per share. Diluted EPS
is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect, if any, of
outstanding stock options, SARs, RSAs, and RSUs using the treasury stock method.  

The following table
provides share information used in the calculation of the Company's basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands):  

Equity awards of 0.3 and 0.4
million shares were outstanding for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and were not included
in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the awards  impact on earnings per share was anti-dilutive. Equity
awards of 0.2 million shares were outstanding for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015 and were not included
in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the awards  impact on earnings per share was anti-dilutive.  

On
February 26, 2016, the Company entered into an accelerated stock repurchase agreement with Morgan Stanley   Co.
LLC ( Morgan Stanley ) pursuant to a Fixed Dollar Accelerated Share Repurchase  Transaction
( ASR Agreement )  to purchase $25.0 million of shares of
its common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the ASR Agreement, the Company paid Morgan Stanley $25.0 million in cash
and received an initial delivery of 0.4 million shares of the Company s common stock on February 29, 2016
based on a closing market price of $46.40 per share and the applicable contractual discount. This  was
approximately 70% of the total number of shares repurchased under the ASR Agreement. 

On
August 26, 2016, the Company settled the approximately $7.5 million remaining under the ASR Agreement, which
was recorded as an equity forward sale contract and was included in additional paid-in capital in stockholders' equity in
the condensed consolidated balance sheet as it met the criteria for equity accounting. Pursuant to the terms of the
ASR Agreement, the final number of shares and the average purchase price was determined at the end of the applicable
purchase period, which was August 26, 2016. Based on the volume-weighted average price since the effective date of the ASR
Agreement less the applicable contractual discount, Morgan Stanley delivered 0.1 million additional shares to the
Company on August 31, 2016. In total, 0.5 million shares were repurchased under the ASR Agreement at an average repurchase
price of $47.08 per share.  These shares  are held by the Company as
authorized but unissued shares pursuant to Massachusetts law. The initial and final delivery of shares resulted in immediate
reductions of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted
net income per share.   

8.      Inventories  

Inventories consist of the following: 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
or net realizable value, with cost being determined using the first-in, first-out method. Work-in-process and finished goods inventories
include materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead. Inventory costs associated with product candidates that have not yet received
regulatory approval are capitalized if the Company believes there is probable future commercial use and future economic benefit. 

9.      Intangible Assets  

In connection with the 2009 acquisition of Anika Therapeutics S.r.l.
( Anika S.r.l. ), the Company acquired various intangible assets and goodwill. The Company evaluated the various
intangible assets and related cash flows from these intangible assets, as well as the useful lives and amortization methods related
to these intangible assets. The in-process research and development ( IPR D ) intangible assets initially
have indefinite lives and are reviewed periodically to assess the project status, valuation, and disposition, including write-off(s)
for abandoned projects. Until such determination is made, they are not amortized.  

Intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
consist of the following: 

The aggregate amortization expense related to intangible assets was
$0.3 million for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The aggregate amortization expense related
to intangible assets was $0.8 million for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Through September 30, 2016, there have not been any events or changes
in circumstances that indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Changes in the carrying value of goodwill
were as follows: 

Accrued expenses consist of the following: 

12.      Commitments and Contingencies  

In certain of its contracts,
the Company warrants to its customers that the products it manufactures conform to the product specifications as in effect at the
time of delivery of the specific product. The Company may also warrant that the products it manufactures do not infringe, violate,
or breach any U.S. patent or intellectual property right, trade secret, or other proprietary information of any third party. On
occasion, the Company contractually indemnifies its customers against any and all losses arising out of, or in any way connected
with, any claim or claims of breach of its warranties or any actual or alleged defect in any product caused by the negligent acts
or omissions of the Company. The Company maintains a products liability insurance policy that limits its exposure to these risks.
Based on the Company s historical activity, in combination with its liability insurance coverage, the Company believes the
estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements is immaterial. The Company had no accrued warranties at September 30,
2016 or December 31, 2015, respectively, and has no history of claims paid.  

The Company is also involved
in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Although the outcomes of these legal proceedings are inherently
difficult to predict, the Company does not expect the resolution of these legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on
its financial position, results of operations, or cash flow.  

On October 9, 2015, Anika S.r.l. entered into a build-to-suit lease
agreement with Consorzio Zona Industriale E Porto Fluviale di Padova ( ZIP ), as landlord, pursuant to which Anika
S.r.l. will lease a new European headquarters facility, consisting of approximately 33,000 square feet of general office, research
and development, training, and warehousing space located in Padova, Italy. The lease has an initial term of fifteen years, which
is expected to commence during the first quarter of 2017 once construction of the facility is completed. The lease will automatically
renew for up to three additional six-year terms, subject to certain terms and conditions. The Company has the ability to withdraw
from this lease subject to certain financial penalties after six years and with no penalties after the ninth year. Beginning on
the commencement date, the lease provides for an initial yearly rent of approximately $0.4 million. 

Construction of the new facility began in the first quarter of 2016
and is expected to be completed in early 2017. During the period of construction the Company is considered the deemed owner of
the facility. Accordingly, the landlord's costs of constructing the facility are required to be capitalized, as a non-cash transaction,
offset by a corresponding facility lease obligation in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company has recorded a construction-in-process asset of approximately $2.4 million. This includes $1.9 million incurred
by ZIP for the construction of the new facility, which was recorded as a facility lease obligation within other long-term liabilities
on the balance sheet. 

Provisions for income taxes were $4.8 million and $13.6 million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016, based on effective tax rates of 35.0% and 35.8%, respectively.  Provisions for income taxes
were $4.8 million and $11.4 million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, based on effective tax rates
of 36.4% and 36.7%, respectively. The increase in income taxes for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 resulted from
higher income before income taxes as compared to the same periods in the prior year. The net decrease in the effective tax rate
 for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same periods
in 2015,  was primarily due to an increase in the expected tax credit for research and development expenditures.  

The Company files income tax returns in the United States on a federal
basis, in certain U.S. states, and in Italy. The associated tax filings remain subject to examination by applicable tax authorities
for a certain length of time following the tax year to which those filings relate. The Company s filings from 2013    through
the present tax year remain subject to examination by the IRS    and other taxing authorities
for U.S. federal and state tax purposes. The Company currently has tax audits in progress in the United States and Italy which
we do not anticipate will have a material impact on its financial statements.  The Company s filings from 2010   
through the present tax year remain subject to examination by the appropriate governmental authorities in Italy. 

In connection with the preparation of the financial statements, the
Company performed an analysis to ascertain if it was more likely than not that it would be able to utilize, in future periods,
the net deferred tax assets associated with its net operating loss carryforward. The Company concluded that the positive evidence
outweighs the negative evidence and, thus, those deferred tax assets are realizable on a  more likely than not  basis.
As such, the Company did not record a valuation allowance at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  

15.      Segment and Geographic Information  

The Company has one reportable operating segment, for the purposes
of assessing performance and deciding how to allocate resources. 

Product revenue by product group is as follows: 

Total revenue by geographic location and as a percentage of overall total revenue for the three- and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

ITEM 2.  
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts or as otherwise noted)   

You should read the following discussion in conjunction with our
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, this discussion
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from our expectations. Words such as  will,   likely,   may,   believe, 
 expect,   anticipate,   intend,   seek,   designed,   develop, 
 would,   future,   can,   could,  and other expressions that are predictions of
or indicate future events and trends, and which do not relate to historical matters, are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. These statements are likely to relate to, among other things, our goals, plans and projections regarding our financial
position, results of operations, cash flows, market position, product development, product approvals, sales efforts, expenses,
performance, and results related to current or anticipated products. You should carefully consider forward-looking statements and
understand that such statements may be affected by inaccurate assumptions and may involve a variety of risks and uncertainties,
known and unknown, including, among others, risks related to competition in the medical device industry, reduction or interruption
in our supply, quality problems, decreasing prices, changes in applicable tax rates, adverse regulatory action, health care policy
changes, international operations, or disruption of our current plans and operations, as well as those factors described in Part
II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and as may be updated
in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Consequently, no forward-looking statements can be guaranteed and actual results
may vary materially, and you should take caution not to place undue reliance on such statements. We undertake no obligation to
release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Management Overview    

We are a global, integrated orthopedic medicines company committed
to improving the lives of patients with degenerative orthopedic diseases and traumatic conditions with clinically meaningful therapies
along the continuum of care, from palliative pain management to regenerative cartilage repair. We have over two decades of global
expertise developing, manufacturing, and commercializing our products based on our proprietary HA technology. Our orthopedic medicine
portfolio includes ORTHOVISC, MONOVISC, and CINGAL, which alleviate pain and restore joint function by replenishing depleted HA,
and HYALOFAST, a solid HA-based scaffold to aid cartilage repair and regeneration. 

Our therapeutic offerings consist of products in the following areas:
Orthobiologics, Dermal, Surgical, Ophthalmic, and Veterinary. All of our products are based on HA, a naturally occurring, biocompatible
polymer found throughout the body. Due to its unique biophysical and biochemical properties, HA plays an important role in a number
of physiological functions such as the protection and lubrication of soft tissues and joints, the maintenance of the structural
integrity of tissues, and the transport of molecules to and within cells. 

Our proprietary technologies for modifying the HA molecule allow
product properties to be tailored specifically to therapeutic use. Our patented technology chemically modifies HA to allow for
longer residence time in the body. We also offer products made from HA based on two other technologies: HYAFF, which is a solid
form of HA, and ACP gel, an autocross-linked polymer of HA. Our technologies are protected by an extensive portfolio of owned
and licensed patents. 

Since our inception in 1992, we have utilized a commercial partnership
model for the distribution of our products to end-users. Our strong, worldwide network of distributors has historically provided,
and continues to provide, a solid foundation for our revenue growth and territorial expansion. In 2015, we made the strategic decision
to commercialize our next generation viscosupplementation product, CINGAL, in the United States ourselves, initially through the
engagement of a contract sales organization. Ultimately, we intend to transition the direct sales function into our company as
part of a broader buildout of our commercial capabilities. We believe that the combination of the direct and distribution commercial
models will maximize the revenue potential from our current and future product portfolio. 

We began a strategic project in 2015 to
move the manufacturing of our HYAFF-based products, which are under an existing contract manufacturing agreement with a third party
in Italy, to our Bedford, Massachusetts facility. Our main purposes behind this strategic move are to improve the efficiency of
our manufacturing process and to enhance our research and development capabilities, with the aim of accelerating future product
development. We expect to expend approximately $25 million on this project. 

Please see the section captioned  Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Management Overview  in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for a description of each of the above therapeutic areas, including the individual products. 

Research and Development  

Our research and development efforts primarily
consist of the development of new medical applications for our HA-based technology, the management of clinical trials for certain
product candidates, the preparation and processing of applications for regulatory approvals or clearances at all relevant stages
of product development, and process development and scale-up manufacturing activities for our existing and new products. Our development
focus includes products for tissue protection, repair, and regeneration. We anticipate that we will continue to commit significant
resources to research and development, including clinical trials in the future. 

Our second single-injection osteoarthritis
product under development in the United States is CINGAL, which is composed of our proprietary cross-linked HA material combined
with an approved steroid and is designed to provide both short- and long-term pain relief to patients. We completed a CINGAL phase
III clinical trial and associated statistical analysis during the fourth quarter of 2014. During the first half of 2015, we completed
a CINGAL retreatment study with patients who had participated in the phase III clinical trial and reported safety data related
to the retreatment study. We received approval for CINGAL from Health Canada in November 2015 for the treatment of pain in osteoarthritis
of the knee. In March 2016, we received CE Mark approval of CINGAL as a viscoelastic supplement or as a replacement for synovial
fluid in human joints. We successfully achieved commercial launch of the product in Canada during May 2016 and in the European
Union during June 2016. In the United States, after discussions with the FDA related to the regulatory pathway for CINGAL, we conducted
a formal meeting with the FDA s Office of Combination Products ( OCP ) to present and discuss our data in September
2015, and we submitted a formal request for designation with OCP a month later. In its response to our formal request for designation,
OCP assigned the product to the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research ( CDER ) as the lead agency center
for premarket review and regulation. Since then, we have been in ongoing discussions with CDER to understand the requirements for
submitting a New Drug Application ( NDA ) for CINGAL. We held a meeting with CDER at the end of September 2016 to align
on an approval framework and on submission requirements for this NDA for CINGAL, including the execution of an additional Phase
III clinical trial to supplement our strong, existing CINGAL pivotal study data. Once the final details are confirmed by CDER,
we intend to submit an Investigational New Drug Application ( IND )  and to commence this phase III
clinical trial by early 2017. 

We have several research and development
programs underway for new products, including for HYALOFAST (in the United States), an innovative product for cartilage tissue
repair, HYALOBONE, a bone void filler, and other early stage regenerative medicine development programs. HYALOFAST received CE
Mark approval in September 2009, and it is commercially available in Europe and certain international countries. During the first
quarter of 2015, we submitted an Investigational Device Exemption ( IDE ) for HYALOFAST to the FDA, which was approved
in July 2015. We commenced patient enrollment in a clinical trial in December 2015, and we are advancing site initiations and patient
enrollment activities. In the second quarter of 2016, a supplement to the HYALOFAST IDE was approved to expand the inclusion criteria
for the clinical study. The purpose of this supplement is to allow us to increase enrollment rates with the ultimate goal of decreasing
the time needed to complete the clinical trial. We are also currently proceeding with other research and development programs,
one of which utilizes our proprietary HA technology to treat pain associated with common repetitive overuse injuries, such as those
to the elbow, rotator cuff, and Achilles tendon. We submitted a CE Mark application for this treatment during the first quarter
of 2016, and we expect approval of this application during the first half of 2017. Additionally, in the second quarter of 2016,
we submitted an IDE to the FDA to conduct a phase III pivotal clinical trial for this treatment, which was approved by the FDA
in June 2016. 

In June 2015, we entered into an agreement with the Institute for
Applied Life Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst to collaborate on research to develop a therapy for rheumatoid
arthritis. The purpose of this research is to develop a novel modality for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and, if successful,
it is expected to yield a potential product candidate that we could begin to move towards commercialization as early as 2017. 

Results of Operations  

Three and Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 Compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Product Revenue  

Product revenue for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $25.8
million, an increase of 9% as compared to $23.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.  Product
revenue for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $74.6 million, an increase of 20% as compared to $62.1 million for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015.  For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, the increase
in product revenue was mainly driven by the growth of our orthobiologics franchise with such increase being partially offset by
a decrease in revenue from our surgical franchise. Included in product revenue for the first and second quarters of 2015 was approximately
$1.8 million of non-recurring true-up revenue related to a high end-user average selling price for MONOVISC products sold to our
U.S. partner, DePuy Synthes Mitek Sports Medicine ( Mitek ), prior to the fourth quarter of 2014. The amount was agreed
with Mitek during the second quarter of 2015, and MONOVISC product sold to Mitek after the third quarter of 2014 is not impacted
by this arrangement. 

The following tables present product revenue by product group for
the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Orthobiologics  

Our orthobiologics franchise consists of
our joint health and orthopedic products. Overall, sales increased 10% and 26% for the three- and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015. The growth in the three- and nine-month periods ending September
30, 2016 was primarily due to an increase in MONOVISC revenue in the United States . Both
Orthovisc and Monovisc unit volumes increased during the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2016. This volume gain was
partially offset by the impact of pricing concessions made by our U.S. commercial partner Mitek, which were aimed at growing U.S.
market share. Internationally, we experienced a 27% increase in orthobiologics revenue for the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015 . We expect orthobiologics revenue to continue to grow for the remainder
of 2016, led by increased MONOVISC revenue in the U.S. and international markets, the commercial availability of CINGAL in Canada
and Europe, as well as overall revenue growth from our viscosupplementation products both domestically and internationally. 

Surgical   

Our surgical franchise consists of products
used to prevent surgical adhesions and to treat ear, nose, and throat ( ENT ) disorders. Sales of our surgical products
decreased 17% and 12% for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 to $1.2 million and $3.9 million, respectively,
as compared to the same periods in 2015. The decrease in surgical product revenue for the three- and nine-month periods was primarily
due to  a decrease in sale to our worldwide ENT commercial partner . We expect surgical
product revenue to decrease moderately for the full-year 2016, as compared to 2015. 

Dermal  

Our dermal franchise  consists
of advanced wound care products, which are based on our HYAFF technology, and aesthetic dermal fillers . Our advanced wound
care products treat complex skin wounds ranging from burns to diabetic ulcers, with HYALOMATRIX and HYALOFILL as the lead products.
For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, dermal product sales increased 44% and 38%, respectively, as compared
to the same periods in 2015.  This increase reflects rising domestic and international end-user
demand, as well as order timing by our distribution partners. We expect advanced wound care revenue to increase for the full-year
2016, as compared to 2015, primarily due to increased end-user demand, increased U.S. reimbursement coverage, and geographic expansion,
particularly in the U.S., European, and Latin American markets.  

Other   

Other product revenue includes revenues from our ophthalmic and veterinary
franchises. Product revenue from each of these franchises increased for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 while decreasing
for the nine-month period then ended, as compared to the same periods in 2015. We expect other product revenue to decrease for
the full-year 2016, as compared to 2015,  primarily as a result of lower veterinary revenue . 

Product gross profit and margin  

Product
gross profit for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.3 million and $10.8 million to $20.8 and
$58.1 million, respectively, representing 81% and 78% of product revenue, respectively. Product gross profit for the three- and
nine- months ended September 30, 2015 was $18.5 million and $47.3 million , or 78% and 76% of  product
revenue for each period, respectively. The increase in product gross margin for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016,
as compared to the same period in 2015, was primarily attributable to  the increase in production volume as compared to the
prior year. This  quarter s product gross margin may not be indicative of the rest of
the year due to dynamics such as future revenue mix and production volume variability.  

Research and development  

Research and development expenses for the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 were $2.8 million and $7.8 million, or 11% and 10% of total revenue for
the respective periods, an increase of $0.8 million and $1.8 million, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015.  The
increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to the timing and the higher level of clinical activities associated
with the HYALOFAST phase III study, which commenced in December 2015. Furthermore, we also increased our pre-clinical product development
activities, including with respect to the CE Mark application and IDE for our program which seeks to utilize our proprietary HA
technology to treat pain associated with common repetitive overuse injuries, such as those to the elbow, rotator cuff, and Achilles
tendon.  Research and development spending is expected to increase in 2016, and for the foreseeable future, as compared to
2015, as we further develop new products and initiate new clinical trials based on our existing technology assets, including HYALOFAST,
CINGAL, as well as increase development activities for other products in our pipeline. 

Selling, general, and administrative  

Selling, general, and administrative ( SG A ) expenses for the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 were $4.3 million and $12.5 million, representing 17% of total revenue for both periods, an increase of $1.0
million and $2.2 million, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015. SG A expenses increased for the three- and
nine-month periods ending September 30, 2016 primarily  as a result of increases in personnel
related costs, marketing initiatives to support CINGAL international launches, and external professional fees.  We expect
selling, general, and administrative expenses for 2016 will increase in comparison to 2015 to reflect the support required to grow
our business, both domestically and internationally. 

Income taxes  

Provisions for income taxes were $4.8 million
and $13.6 million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, based on effective tax rates of 35.0% and 35.8%,
respectively. Provisions for income taxes were $4.8 million and $11.4 million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2015, based on effective tax rates of 36.4% and 36.7%, respectively. The increase in income taxes for the three- and nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 resulted from higher income before income taxes as compared to the same periods in the prior
year. The net decrease in the effective tax rate  for the three- and nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015,  was primarily due to an increase in the expected tax credit
for research and development expenditures. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources    

We expect that our requirements for cash to fund operations and capital
expenditures will increase as the scope of our operations expands. Historically, we have generated positive cash flow from operations,
which together with our available cash and investments have met our cash requirements. Cash, cash equivalents, and investments
totaled approximately $120.3 million and $138.5 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Working capital
totaled approximately $153.5 million at September 30, 2016 and $159.2 million at December 31, 2015. We believe that we have
adequate financial resources to support our business for at least the next twelve months. 

Cash provided by operating activities was
$17.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to cash provided by operating activities of  $23.8
million  for the same period in 2015. The decrease in cash provided by operations for the nine months ended September
30, 2016,  as compared to the same period in 2015, was primarily related to planned inventory
build resulting from the transfer of outsourced contract manufacturing from Italy to our Bedford, Massachusetts facility, and a
decrease in income taxes payable and accounts payable due to the timing of payments.  

Cash used in investing activities was $7.1 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared to cash used in investing activities of  $17.3 million
 for the same period in 2015. The decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily the result of the purchase
of investments offset by maturities of investments during the first three quarters of 2016, as well as increased expenditures on
capital equipment. We expect an increase in investing activities for the full year 2016 in comparison to 2015 as a result of our
on-going project to establish the additional manufacturing capabilities at the Bedford, Massachusetts facility required to manufacture
our HYAFF-based products, which were previously manufactured by a third party in Italy. During the quarter ended September 30,
2016, we expended approximately $0.9 million for this project. We expect to expend approximately an additional $4.2 million on
this project over the course of the next nine months. 

Cash used in financing activities was $23.6
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to cash provided by financing activities totaling  $2.0
million  for the same period in 2015. The increase in cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was primarily attributable to the  ASR Agreement to purchase $25.0
million of shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the ASR Agreement, we paid Morgan Stanley $25.0 million in
cash and received a total delivery of 531,067 shares of our common stock at an average repurchase price of $47.08 during the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016.   

Critical Accounting Estimates    

There were no other significant
changes in our critical accounting estimates during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the critical accounting
estimates disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

A discussion of Recent Accounting
Pronouncements is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and updated in Note 3
to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Contractual Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments   

Our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments are
summarized in the section captioned  Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We had no material changes
outside the ordinary course to our contractual obligations, as reported in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, during the first
nine months of 2016. 

To the extent that funds generated from our operations, together
with our existing capital resources, are insufficient to meet future requirements, we will be required to obtain additional funds
through equity or debt financings, strategic alliances with corporate partners and others, or through other sources. No assurance
can be given that any additional financing will be made available to us or will be available on acceptable terms should such a
need arise. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements   

We do not use special purpose entities or other off-balance sheet
financing techniques, except for operating leases, that we believe have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future
material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
or capital resources. 

ITEM 3.   
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Our market risks, and the ways we manage them, are summarized in
the section captioned  Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes in the first nine months
of 2016 to our market risks or to our management of such risks. 

ITEM 4.  
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

(a) 
     Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.  

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. On an on-going basis, we review and document our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal control over financial reporting, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. 

(b) 
     Changes in internal controls over financial reporting. 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

We are involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal
course of business. Although the outcomes of these legal proceedings are inherently difficult to predict, we do not expect
the resolution of these legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or
cash flow. There have been no material changes to the information provided in the section captioned  Part I, Item 3, Legal
Proceedings  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 1A.  
      RISK FACTORS   

There have been no material changes to the risk factors described
in the section captioned  Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors
discussed in the section captioned  Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. The risks
described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and/or operating results. 

ITEM 2.  
      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

The following table provides information about purchases by us during
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of shares of our common stock. 

Following is a summary of stock repurchases for the three months
ended September 30, 2016: 

(1)  On March 2, 2016, we publicly announced that on February 26, 2016 we had entered into the ASR Agreement to repurchase an aggregate
of $25.0 million of our common stock. During the first quarter of 2016, 377,155 shares were delivered to us under the ASR Agreement,
constituting the initial delivery of shares under the ASR Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the ASR Agreement, the final number
of shares and the average purchase price per share were determined at the end of the applicable purchase period, which occurred
on August 26, 2016 when we settled the approximately $7.5 million remaining under the ASR Agreement. Based on the volume-weighted
average price from the effective date of the ASR Agreement through August 26, 2016 less the applicable contractual discount, Morgan
Stanley delivered 153,912 additional shares to us on August 31, 2016. In total, 531,067 shares were repurchased under the
ASR Agreement at an average repurchase price of $47.08. All shares were repurchased in accordance with the publicly announced program.
Final settlement occurred on August 26, 2016, and we will not make further purchases under the program.   

ITEM 3.  
      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 4.  
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5.  
      OTHER INFORMATION    

None. 

ITEM 6.  
      EXHIBITS   

* 
     Filed herewith  
 
     **  
     Furnished herewith.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ANIKA THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

Date: October 31, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ SYLVIA CHEUNG  

Sylvia Cheung  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION 

I, Charles H. Sherwood, certify that: 

1. 
     
         I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September
        30, 2016 of Anika Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 31, 2016 
     /s/ CHARLES H. SHERWOOD  

Charles H. Sherwood, Ph.D.  

Chief Executive Officer  

Principal Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION 

I, Sylvia Cheung, certify that: 

1. 
     
         I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September
        30, 2016 of Anika Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 31, 2016 
     /s/ SYLVIA CHEUNG  

Sylvia Cheung  

Chief Financial Officer  

Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Section 906 Certification  

The undersigned officers of Anika Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company )
hereby certify to their knowledge and in their respective capacities that the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q
to which this certification is attached (the  Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 31, 2016 
     /s/ CHARLES H. SHERWOOD  

Charles H. Sherwood, Ph.D.  

Chief Executive Officer  

Principal Executive Officer  

Date: October 31, 2016 
     /s/ SYLVIA CHEUNG  

Sylvia Cheung  

Chief Financial Officer  

Principal Financial Officer  

This certification shall not be deemed  filed  for any
purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Exchange Act. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 anik-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 anik-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 anik-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 anik-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 anik-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 anik-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

