<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1623077_0001078782-16-003788_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1168928</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>55293</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>105062</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>201484</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>394425</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>344020</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078782-16-003788.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114174157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-003788
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PixarBio Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001623077
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEMBERSHIP SPORTS & RECREATION CLUBS [7997]
		IRS NUMBER:				471945113
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-204070
		FILM NUMBER:		161996566

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BOSTON AVENUE, SUITE 1875
		CITY:			MEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02155
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 803-8838

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BOSTON AVENUE, SUITE 1875
		CITY:			MEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02155

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BMP Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078782-16-003788.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 f10q093016_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT

Form 10-Q Quarterly Report 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
   
  FORM 10-Q  
   
    X   .  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
 For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 
   
          .  TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
  PIXARBIO CORPORATION  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  
    47-1945113  
  
   (State or jurisdiction of 
   (I.R.S. Employer 
  
   incorporation or organization) 
   Identification No.) 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the last 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   X   .  No         .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   X   .  No         .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
            .  
   Accelerated filer 
            .  
  
   Non-accelerated filer 
            .  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   Smaller reporting company 
      X   .  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes         .  No   X   .  
   
 As of October 31, 2016 the registrant had 80,209,976 outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Table of Contents     

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   3 
  
   ITEM 2. 
   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   17 
  
   ITEM 3. 
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
   18 
  
   ITEM 4. 
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
   18 

PART II 

ITEM 1. 
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
   19 
  
   ITEM 2. 
   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
   19 
  
   ITEM 3. 
   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
   19 
  
   ITEM 4 
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
   19 
  
   ITEM 5 
   OTHER INFORMATION 
   19 
  
   ITEM 6. 
   EXHIBIT LIST 
   19 

SIGNATURES 
   19 

As used in this Form 10-Q, references to  the Company,   we,   our,   ours  and  us  refers to PixarBio Corporation (f.k.a. BMP Holdings Inc.), unless otherwise indicated. In addition, references to  financial statements  are to our financial statements except as the context otherwise requires. 

2 

PART I.      
   
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

PixarBio Corporation 
   
 (Emerging Growth Company) 
       
 September 30, 2016 (and December 31, 2015) 
     
 Index to the consolidated financial statements 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

PixarBio Corporation 
 (Emerging Growth Company) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

8 

PixarBio Corporation 
 (Emerging Growth Company) 
 September 30, 2016 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited)  
   
  Note 1 - Organization and Operations  
   
   PixarBio Corporation   
   
 BMP Holdings Inc. ( BMP Holdings  of the  Company ) was incorporated on August 4, 2014, under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our principal executive office is located in Medford, MA.  Our fiscal year end is December 31.  On January 1, 2015, we acquired our operating business in a transaction in which we exchanged 50,000,000 shares of common stock for the transfer of 100% of the ownership interest in Buddhi Mat LLC ( BM LLC ) pursuant to a certain contribution agreement with Henry Sargent, our former officer and director.  BM LLC is a Connecticut limited liability company that offers yoga and fitness classes to the general public. In December 2015, the Company agreed to issue Mr. Sargent an additional 2,450,000,000 shares of common stock in return for continued short term financing of Company operations.   On August 19, 2016, Mr. Sargent sold 50,000,000 shares of common stock held by Sargent to PixarBio Corporation, a privately held company ( PixarBio Nevada ). In connection with such sale, the 2,450,000,000 shares of common stock held by Sargent was retired to treasury.  On August 19, 2016, the Board appointed Frank Reynolds, the founder and Chief Executive Officer of PixarBio Nevada, as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of BMP Holdings.  Mr. Sargent resigned from all officer positions he held at the Company in August 2016 and resigned as a director of the Company effective September 15, 2016. 
   
 On October 13, 2016, BMP Holdings formed PixarBio Acquisition Corp. ( PixarBio Acquisition ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, under the laws of the State of Nevada.  On October 31, 2016, PixarBio Acquisition was merged with and into PixarBio Nevada, with PixarBio Nevada continuing as the surviving corporation following such merger. On such date, BMP Holdings effected a parent/subsidiary short-form merger with PixarBio Nevada, our wholly-owned subsidiary. On October 31, 2016, the merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement became effective. As a result of the merger, (i) BMP Holdings Inc. was the surviving entity and changed its name to PixarBio Corporation and (ii) the shareholders of PixarBio Nevada exchanged their shares of PixarBio Nevada for 78,529,976 shares of common stock of BMP Holdings Inc., representing 97.9% of the issued and outstanding stock of the Company (see Note 6). 
   
 The Company applied paragraph 505-10-S99-3 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (formerly Topic 4B of the Staff Accounting Bulletins ( SAB ) ( SAB Topic 4B ) issued by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), by reclassifying the LLC member s capital account inclusive of capital contributions and LLC s undistributed earnings and losses as of August 4, 2014 to additional paid-in capital.  
   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared as if the Company had its corporate capital structure as of the first date of the first period presented. 
   
  Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
   
   Basis of Presentation   Unaudited Interim Financial Information   
   
 The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for the interim financial information, and with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements.  The unaudited interim financial statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim period presented.  Unaudited interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full fiscal year.  These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 20155 and notes thereto contained in the Company s Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 13, 2016. 

9 

Principles of Consolidation   
   
 The Company applies the guidance of Topic 810   Consolidation   of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) to determine whether and how to consolidate another entity.  Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-10 all majority-owned subsidiaries all entities in which a parent has a controlling financial interest shall be consolidated except (1) when control does not rest with the parent, the majority owner; (2) if the parent is a broker-dealer within the scope of Topic 940 and control is likely to be temporary; (3) consolidation by an investment company within the scope of Topic 946 of a non-investment-company investee.  Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-8 the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest, and, therefore, as a general rule ownership by one reporting entity, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation.  The power to control may also exist with a lesser percentage of ownership, for example, by contract, lease, agreement with other stockholders, or by court decree. The Company consolidates all less-than-majority-owned subsidiaries, in which the parent s power to control exists. 
   
 The Company's consolidated subsidiaries and/or entities are as follows: 

Name of consolidated  
  subsidiary or entity  
    State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization  
    Date of incorporation or formation  
  (date of acquisition, if applicable)  
    Attributable interest  

Buddhi Mat LLC ( BM LLC ) 
   Connecticut 
   June 23, 2009 
   100% 

The consolidated financial statements of the Company include all accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, BM LLC. 
   
 All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
   
   Use of Estimates and Assumptions   
   
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
   
 The Company s significant estimates and assumptions include the fair value of financial instruments; income tax rate, income tax provision, deferred tax assets and the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, and the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern.  Those significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to those estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. 
   
 Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
   
 Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, and if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. 
   
 Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
   
 The Company follows paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels.  The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

10 

Level 1 
     
   Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level 2 
     
   Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3 
     
   Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 
   
 The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. 
   
 The carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accrued expenses approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 
     
 Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. 
   
 It is not, however, practical to determine the fair value of advances from stockholders, if any, due to their related party nature. 
   
   Cash Equivalents   
   
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 
                               
   Related Parties   
   
 The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 
   
 Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the Related parties include a. affiliates of the Company; b. Entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 
   
 The consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the consolidated financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d.  amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

11 

Commitment and Contingencies   
   
 The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.  The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment.  In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 
   
 If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements.  If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 
   
 Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.  Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 
   
   Revenue Recognition   
   
 The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.  The Company will recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.  The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.   
   
   Income Tax Provision   
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns.  Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the fiscal year in which the differences are expected to reverse.  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 
   
 The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ) with regards to uncertainty income taxes.  Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements.  Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. 
   
 The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its consolidated balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 

12 

Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary. 
   
   Uncertain Tax Positions   
   
 The Company did not take any uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to unrecognized income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions of Section 740-10-25 for the interim period ended September 30, 2016. 
   
   Net Income (Loss) per Common Share   
   
 Net income (loss) per common share is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through stock options and warrants. 
   
 There were no potentially outstanding dilutive common shares for the interim period ended September 30, 2016. 
   
   Cash Flows Reporting   
   
 The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.  The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. 
   
   Subsequent Events   
   
 The Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the consolidated financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its consolidated financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR. 
   
   Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
   
 Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Note 3   Going Concern  
   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 
   
 As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company had a deficit accumulated at September 30, 2016, a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the interim period then ended, respectively. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

13 

In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan is to obtain such resources for the Company by obtaining capital from management and significant shareholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses and seeking equity and/or debt financing. However, management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. 
   
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of reported asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
 Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company merged with PixarBio Nevada (see Note 6).  
   
  Note 4   Related Party Transactions  
   
   Advances from Former Related Party   
   
 From time to time, a former related party of the Company loaned funds to the Company for working capital purposes. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. 
   
 Advances from former related party at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 consisted of the following: 

For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the former President of the Company loaned $104,000.00 to the Company for working capital purposes, which was repaid prior to the end of the period.  
   
   Free Office Space   
   
 The Company has been provided office space by a former officer of the Company at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in its consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Note 5   Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)  
   
   Shares Authorized   
   
 Upon formation the total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is One Billion (1,000,000,000) shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share.  
   
   Common Stock   
   
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 the Company sold 1,680,000 shares of its common stock at $0.001 per share to 32 individuals for a total of $1,680. 
   
 On January 1, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of 50,000,000 shares of the corporation s common stock to the member of BM LLC for all of the outstanding membership interests in BM LLC. The shares were recorded to reflect the $0.0001 par value and paid in capital was recorded as $342,472. In December 2015, the Company agreed to issue Mr. Sargent an additional 2,450,000,000 shares of common stock in return for continued short term financing of Company operations.   On August 19, 2016, Mr. Sargent sold 50,000,000 shares of common stock held by Sargent to PixarBio Nevada. In connection with such sale, the 2,450,000,000 shares of common stock held by Sargent were retired to treasury. 
   
  Note 6   Subsequent Events  
   
 The Company has evaluated all events that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the consolidated financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported.    

14 

BM LLC received loans from its Manager in October and November 2016 in the aggregate amount of $15,000 in exchange for a non-interest bearing promissory note that matures on December 31, 2016.  
   
 On August 19, 2016, PixarBio Nevada entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Henry Sargent, the Company s former principal stockholder, and purchased 50,000,000 shares of our common stock (96.7% of the then outstanding shares) for a consideration of $325,000, of which $108,500 was paid directly to Mr. Sargent. PixarBio Nevada also paid an amount of $216,500 to BMP Holdings, of which $191,500 was utilized to satisfy an outstanding loan made by Mr. Sargent to BMP Holdings and $25,000 was utilized to pay certain expenses of BMP Holdings. Upon repayment of the outstanding loan, Mr. Sargent utilized $16,941 to pay certain expenses of BMP Holdings in accordance with terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement. 
   
 On October 11, 2016, BMP Holdings effected a stock split of ten shares of common stock for each share of common stock then issued and outstanding.  As a result of the stock split, the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of BMP Holdings increased to 51,680,000.  The financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to the earliest period presented to account for this split. 
   
 On October 13, 2016, BMP Holdings formed PixarBio Acquisition Corp. ( PixarBio Acquisition ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, under the laws of the State of Nevada.  On October 31, 2016, PixarBio Acquisition was merged with and into PixarBio Nevada, with PixarBio Nevada continuing as the surviving corporation following such merger. Effective October 31, 2016, BMP Holdings Inc. effected a parent/subsidiary short-form merger with PixarBio Nevada, our wholly-owned subsidiary.  As a result of the merger, (i) BMP Holdings Inc. was the surviving entity and changed its name to PixarBio Corporation and (ii) the shareholders of PixarBio Nevada exchanged their shares of PixarBio Nevada for 78,529,976 shares of common stock of BMP Holdings Inc., representing 97.9% of the issued and outstanding stock of the Company. 
   
 Since the former shareholders of PixarBio Nevada retained the majority voting interest in the combined business, the merger will be accounted for as a reverse acquisition whereby PixarBio Nevada will be treated as the acquirer and BMP Holdings will be treated as the acquiree for accounting and financial reporting purposes.  PixarBio Nevada is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on pre-clinical and commercial development of novel neurological drug delivery systems for post-operative pain. 
   
 PixarBio raised approximately $7.2 million in cash and issued warrants worth approximately $16.2 million when exercised, which is approximately $23.4 million in expected proceeds, pursuant to a private placement memorandum which closed October 30, 2016. In addition, the Company received a $10 million line of credit from its founder and Chief Executive Officer, commencing on January 1, 2017. 
   
 For more information with respect to the forgoing subsequent events of the Company, please refer to the Form 8-K which was filed with the SEC on October 31, 2016.  
   
  Note 7       Recently Issued and Newly Adopted Accounting Pronouncements  
   
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In July 2015, the FASB voted to delay the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to the first quarter of 2018 to provide companies sufficient time to implement the standards. Early adoption will be permitted, but not before the first quarter of 2017. Adoption can occur using one of two prescribed transition methods. In March and April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  and ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  which provide supplemental adoption guidance and clarification to ASC 2014-09. ASU 2016-08 and ASU 2016-10 must be adopted concurrently with the adoption of ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these new standards.  
     
  In June 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-12 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period. A performance target in a share-based payment that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period should be accounted for as a performance condition under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. As a result, the target is not reflected in the estimation of the award s grant date fair value. Compensation cost would be recognized over the required service period, if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted the provisions of this standard, but it did not have a material effect on its results of operations.  

15 

On August 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concerns (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to continue as a Going Concern. The amendments require management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
   
  In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2015-05,  Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement.  This ASU provides clarification on whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a software license is included, the customer should account for the license consistent with its accounting of other software licenses. If a software license is not included, the arrangement should be accounted for as a service contract. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those years. The Company adopted the provisions of this standard, but it did not have a material effect on its results of operations.  
     
  During February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The standard requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases, including operating leases, with a term greater than 12 months on its balance sheet. The update also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.  
     
  In March 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new standard.  
     
  We have reviewed all FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) accounting pronouncements and interpretations thereof that have effectiveness dates during the periods reported and in future periods. The Company has carefully considered the new pronouncements that alter previous generally accepted accounting principles and does not believe that any new or modified principles will have a material impact on the corporation s reported financial position or operations in the near term. The applicability of any standard is subject to the formal review of our financial management and certain standards are under consideration.  
     
  Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements had any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards been adopted in the current period.  

16 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
   
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of our operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this report. The results shown herein are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future periods. 
   
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements, based on current expectations. All statements regarding future events, our future financial performance and operating results, our business strategy and our financing plans are forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties. In many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology, such as  may,   will,   should,   expects,   intends,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential  or  continue,  or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause our actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. In evaluating these statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including, but not limited to, those  risk factors  set forth in our previously filed Form S-1Registration Statement and the factors in this report. 
   
  General  
   
 PixarBio Corporation (f.k.a. BMP Holdings Inc.), through its subsidiary Buddhi Mat LLC ( BM LLC ), provides yoga classes, private instruction, specialty workshops, clinics and yoga teacher training to the general public at its facility in Ridgefield, Connecticut. BM LLC s website is www.buddhimatyoga.com.  We offer a signature power yoga class, which is a challenging and dynamic style of yoga designed to promote strength, flexibility, stamina and focus. The pose sequencing is specifically designed to help promote a balanced body and presence of mind. The class is designed for all levels and accessible to beginners. BM LLC has been granted trade name and trademark protection from the US patent office. 
   
  Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 As Compared to September 30, 2015  
   
 Revenues were $14,995 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared with revenues of $21,472 for the three month period ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $6,477. The decrease was due primarily to decreased demand for services, increased competition, and inclement weather. 
   
 General and administrative expenses increased $16,016, primarily due to the payment and accrual of professional fees, one time charges, and general corporate overhead.  
   
  Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 As Compared to September 30, 2015  
   
 Revenues were $56,514 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared with revenues of $75,455 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $18,941.The decrease was due primarily to decreased demand for services, increased competition, and inclement weather.  
   
 General and administrative expenses increased $39,830, primarily due to an increase in studio maintenance costs, professional fees and general corporate overhead.  
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
   
 Our cash balance at September 30, 2016 was $3,938, a decrease of $767 from $4,705 at December 31, 2015. 
   
 We have limited capital resources, as we are an emerging growth company with a limited operating history. We may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to become profitable in the future. 
   
 The report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern based on our history of net losses since our inception. 

17 

While we have sufficient funds on hand to commence business operations, our cash reserves may not be sufficient to meet our obligations for the next 12-month period. As a result, we may need to seek additional funding in the near future. We currently do not have a specific plan of how we will obtain such funding; however, we anticipate that additional funding will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. At this time, we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to meet our obligations over the next 12 months. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future equity financing. 
   
 We do not currently own any significant plant or equipment that we will seek to sell in the near future. We do not anticipate the need to hire employees over the next 12 months with the possible exception of secretarial support should our business grow and necessitate such expenditure. We believe the services provided by our sole officer and director are sufficient at this time. We believe that our operations are currently on a small scale and are manageable by one individual. 
   
 On October 31, 2016, we merged with PixarBio Nevada, a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on pre-clinical and commercial development of novel neurological drug delivery systems for post-operative pain.  Effective with the date of the merger, PixarBio Nevada s business became our primary business. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
   
    ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
   
 Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K (  229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a  smaller reporting company,  as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 
     
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(c) and 15d - 15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
   
  Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls  
   
 Our Principal Executive Officer does not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
   
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
   
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, other than those stated above, during our most recent quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

18 

PART II.  
     
  ITEM 1.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   
 There are no pending, nor to our knowledge, threatened legal proceedings against us. 
     
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
   
 There were no issuances of unregistered securities during the period.   
   
  ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  
   
 There were no defaults upon securities 
     
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
   
 Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  
   
 None. 
   
  ITEM 6. EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit  

Number  
    Description  

31.1 
   Certification pursuant to Section 302 of  the Sarbanes-Oxley Act-1 and 2 
  
   32.1 
   Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

SIGNATURES  
   
 In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

November 14, 2016 
    PIXARBIO CORPORATION  

/s/ Francis M. Reynolds   

Francis M. Reynolds 

Chairman of the Board, President 

Chief Executive Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q093016_ex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
   
  CERTIFICATION  
   
 I, Francis M. Reynolds, certify that: 
   
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PixarBio Corporation (f.k.a. BMP Holdings Inc.); 
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 
   
   /s/ Francis M. Reynolds   
 Francis M. Reynolds 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 Chief Executive Officer, President 
 Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10q093016_ex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 Section 906 Certification 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of PixarBio Corporation (f.k.a BMP Holdings Inc.) (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Francis M. Reynolds, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
   
 (1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 (2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:  November 14, 2016 

PIXARBIO CORPORATION  
   
 By:  /s/ Francis M. Reynolds   
 Francis M. Reynolds 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 Chief Executive Officer, President 
 Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 pxrb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 pxrb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pxrb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 pxrb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 pxrb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pxrb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

