<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1232524_0001232524-16-000384_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9183021</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>932691</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>493066</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2884766</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3422168</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1290875</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001232524-16-000384.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108171157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001232524-16-000384
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001232524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				981032470
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L2
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33500
		FILM NUMBER:		161982014

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4TH FLOOR, CONNAUGHT HOUSE
		STREET 2:		ONE BURLINGTON ROAD
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			4
		BUSINESS PHONE:		353-1-634-7800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4TH FLOOR, CONNAUGHT HOUSE
		STREET 2:		ONE BURLINGTON ROAD
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			4

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030513

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001232524-16-000384.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 jazz2016q3doc.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from              to              
  Commission File Number: 001-33500 
  JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    
                 Ireland 
    98-1032470 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

Fourth Floor, Connaught House, 
  One Burlington Road, Dublin 4, Ireland 
  011-353-1-634-7800 
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                       Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes       No     
  As of   October 31, 2016  ,   59,892,335   ordinary shares of the registrant, nominal value $0.0001 per share, were outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
    
  INDEX 

Page 
       PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    31 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    46 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    46 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    48 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    51 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    96 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    97 

We own or have rights to various copyrights, trademarks and trade names used in our business in the U.S. and/or other countries, including the following:  Jazz Pharmaceuticals       , Xyrem        (sodium oxybate) oral solution, Erwinaze        (asparaginase   Erwinia chrysanthemi  ), Erwinase       , Defitelio        (defibrotide sodium), Defitelio        (defibrotide), Prialt        (ziconotide) intrathecal infusion, CombiPlex        and Vyxeos   TM   .  This report also includes trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies.  Trademarks, service marks and trade names appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the property of their respective owners. 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
      
  JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc is an international biopharmaceutical company focused on improving patients  lives by identifying, developing and commercializing meaningful products that address unmet medical needs.   
  We have a diverse portfolio of products and product candidates, with a focus in the areas of sleep and hematology/oncology.  Our lead marketed products are: 
             
    Xyrem        (sodium oxybate) oral solution  , the only product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for the treatment of both cataplexy and excessive daytime sleepiness, or EDS, in patients with narcolepsy; 
                
    Erwinaze        (asparaginase   Erwinia chrysanthemi  )  , a treatment approved in the U.S. and in certain markets in Europe (where it is marketed as Erwinase       ) for patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or ALL, who have developed hypersensitivity to   E. coli  -derived asparaginase; and 
                
    Defitelio            (defibrotide sodium)  , a product approved in the U.S. for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with hepatic veno-occlusive disease, or VOD, also known as sinusoidal obstruction syndrome, or SOS, with renal or pulmonary dysfunction following hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, or HSCT, and in Europe (where it is marketed as Defitelio            (defibrotide)) for the treatment of severe VOD in adults and children undergoing HSCT therapy. 
     Our strategy is to create shareholder value by: 
             
    Growing sales of the existing products in our portfolio, including by identifying and investing in growth opportunities such as new treatment indications; 
                
    Acquiring clinically meaningful and differentiated products that are on the market or product candidates that are in late-stage development; and 
                
    Pursuing targeted development of post-discovery differentiated product candidates. 
     We apply a disciplined approach to allocating our resources between investments in our current commercial and development portfolio and acquisitions or in-licensing of new assets. 
  On July 12, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Celator, which acquisition we refer to in this report as the Celator Acquisition.  The aggregate consideration for the Celator Acquisition was approximately   $1.5 billion  .  The Celator Acquisition broadened our hematology/oncology portfolio with the acquisition of worldwide development and commercialization rights to Vyxeos   TM   , an investigational product in development as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia, or AML.  In September 2016, we initiated a rolling submission of a new drug application, or NDA, to the FDA seeking marketing approval for Vyxeos.  We expect to complete the NDA submission in the first quarter of 2017.  In addition, the Celator Acquisition provided us with Celator s proprietary technology platform, CombiPlex , which has the potential to enable the rational design and rapid evaluation of optimized combinations of additional anti-cancer drugs.  Please see Note 2 for additional information regarding the Celator Acquisition. 
  On July 12, 2016, we entered into an amendment to our existing 2015 credit agreement, which amended agreement we refer to in this report as our amended credit agreement, that provides for a revolving credit facility of   $1.25 billion  , which replaced our prior revolving credit facility of   $750.0 million  , and a   $750.0 million   term loan facility, of which   $721.9 million   principal amount was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  We used the proceeds of   $1.0 billion   of loans under the revolving credit facility, together with cash on hand, to fund the Celator Acquisition.  The maturity date of both our revolving credit facility and term loan facility was extended from June 2020 to July 2021.  Please see Note 7 for further information regarding the 2015 credit agreement and the amended credit agreement. 
  In June 2016, we received FDA approval of our manufacturing and development facility in Ireland.  We are using this facility for the manufacture of Xyrem, and in September 2016, we manufactured and shipped our first commercial batch of Xyrem from this facility.  We plan to also manufacture development-stage products at this facility.   
  Throughout this report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references to  Jazz Pharmaceuticals,   the registrant,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and its consolidated subsidiaries.  Throughout this report, all references to  ordinary shares  refer to Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s ordinary shares. 
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

Basis of Presentation 
  These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared following the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, for interim reporting.  As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes and other financial information that are normally required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, can be condensed or omitted.  The information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q should be read in conjunction with our annual consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  The results of operations of the acquired Celator business, along with the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Celator Acquisition, have been included in our condensed consolidated financial statements since the closing of the Celator Acquisition on July 12, 2016, the closing date of the Celator Acquisition. 
  In the opinion of management, these condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements and include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position and operating results.  The results for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , for any other interim period or for any future period.  
  These condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and our subsidiaries, and intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 
  Adoption of New Accounting Standard 
  Effective January 1, 2016, we adopted Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2015-03  Interest - Imputation of Interest , or ASU No. 2015-03.  ASU No. 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability instead of as an asset.  The standard requires retrospective application.  The adoption of ASU No. 2015-03 resulted in a   $16.1 million   reduction of both deferred financing costs and long-term debt, less current portion in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015  . 
  Significant Risks and Uncertainties 
  Our financial results remain significantly influenced by sales of Xyrem.  In the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net product sales of Xyrem were   $285.9 million   and   $816.4 million  , respectively, which represented   77%   and   75%   of total net product sales, respectively.  Our ability to maintain or increase sales of Xyrem in its approved indications is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the potential introduction of generic competition or an alternative sodium oxybate or other product that competes with Xyrem; changed or increased regulatory restrictions or regulatory actions by the FDA; our suppliers  ability to obtain sufficient quotas from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA; any supply, manufacturing or distribution problems arising with any of our suppliers or distributors, most of whom are sole source providers for us; any increase in pricing pressure from or restrictions on reimbursement imposed by third party payors; changes in healthcare laws and policy; continued acceptance of Xyrem by physicians and patients; changes to our label, including new safety warnings or changes to our boxed warning, that further restrict how we market and sell Xyrem; and operational disruptions at the central pharmacy or any failure to comply with our risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, obligations to the satisfaction of the FDA.  
  Seven   companies have sent us notices that they have filed abbreviated new drug applications, or ANDAs, with the FDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  We have filed lawsuits against each of these companies seeking to prevent the introduction of a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents.  In the second quarter of 2016, we settled   two   of these lawsuits, granting the settling ANDA applicants a license to manufacture, market and sell their generic versions of Xyrem on or after December 31, 2025, or earlier depending on the occurrence of certain events.  The court in which our ANDA litigation is ongoing has determined that all of our pending patent litigation (other than our lawsuit filed in August 2016) against the first ANDA filer, Roxane Laboratories, Inc., or Roxane, will be consolidated for trial and set trial in this consolidated case for the second quarter of 2017.  We cannot predict the timing or outcome of this or the other ANDA litigation proceedings.  Certain ANDA filers have also filed petitions for inter partes review, or IPR, by the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, or the PTAB, of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, with respect to the validity of certain distribution, method of use and formulation patents covering Xyrem.  The PTAB instituted IPR trials with respect to patents and patent claims that are the subject of certain of these petitions.  In July 2016, the PTAB issued final decisions that the claims of   six   distribution system patents that were the subject of certain IPR trials are unpatentable; as a result, if the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upholds those decisions or if the time for appeal expires, these claims will be canceled.  For a description of these matters, see  Legal Proceedings  in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  We cannot predict whether additional post-grant patent review challenges will be filed by any of the ANDA filers or any other entity, the outcome of any pending IPR or other proceeding, the outcome of any appeal or rehearing of the July 2016 IPR decisions with respect to   six   patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem or the impact any IPR or other proceeding might have on ongoing ANDA litigation proceedings or other aspects of our Xyrem business.  We expect that the approval of an ANDA that  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

results in the launch of a generic version of Xyrem, or the approval and launch of other sodium oxybate products that compete with Xyrem, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  Approval of an ANDA with respect to a generic version of Xyrem will require a REMS, which may be either a single shared REMS with Xyrem or a separate REMS with differing but comparable aspects of elements to assure safe use, or ETASU, to those in the approved Xyrem REMS.  We and the ANDA applicants had interactions with respect to developing a single shared REMS for several years.  The ANDA applicants are not currently engaging in single shared REMS discussions with us, but we have been seeking to continue the interactions with the goal of developing a single shared REMS.  However, we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, our interactions with the ANDA applicants will resume or whether we will develop a single shared REMS with the ANDA applicants.  We are aware that, separate from the discussions with us, the FDA and ANDA applicants have exchanged communications regarding a REMS for sodium oxybate.  If we and the ANDA applicants do not develop a single shared REMS, if we do not license or share intellectual property pertinent to our Xyrem REMS with generic competitors within a time frame or on terms that the FDA considers acceptable or if a generic competitor otherwise successfully petitions the FDA for a waiver of the shared REMS requirement, the FDA may assert that its waiver authority permits it to approve the ANDA of one or more generic competitors with a separate REMS that differs in some aspects from our approved Xyrem REMS.  We also may face pressure to develop a single shared REMS with potential generic competitors for Xyrem that is different from the approved Xyrem REMS or to license or share intellectual property pertinent to the Xyrem REMS, or elements of the Xyrem REMS, including proprietary data required for safe distribution of sodium oxybate, with generic competitors.  We cannot predict the outcome or impact on our business of any future action that we may take with respect to the development of a single shared REMS for sodium oxybate, licensing or sharing intellectual property pertinent to our Xyrem REMS or elements of the Xyrem REMS, or the FDA s response to a request by one or more ANDA applicants for a waiver of the requirement for a single shared REMS, including in connection with a certification that the applicant had been unable to obtain a license.  The FDA s response to any such request could include approval of one or more ANDAs.  In addition, the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, other governmental authorities or others could claim or determine that we are using the Xyrem REMS in an anticompetitive manner (including in light of the FDA s statement in the Xyrem REMS approval letter that the Xyrem REMS could be used in an anticompetitive manner inconsistent with applicable provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA) or have engaged in other anticompetitive practices. 
  In August 2015, we implemented the final Xyrem REMS, which was approved by the FDA in February 2015, and we have submitted and expect to continue to submit ongoing assessments as set forth in the FDA s Xyrem REMS approval letter.  However, we cannot guarantee that our implementation and ongoing assessments will be satisfactory to the FDA or that the Xyrem REMS will satisfy the FDA s expectations in its evaluation of the Xyrem REMS on an ongoing basis.  Any failure to comply with the REMS obligations could result in enforcement action by the FDA; lead to changes in our Xyrem REMS obligations; negatively affect sales of Xyrem; result in additional costs and expenses for us; and/or take a significant amount of time, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  Obtaining and maintaining appropriate reimbursement for Xyrem in the U.S. is increasingly challenging due to, among other things, the attention being paid to healthcare cost containment and prescription drug pricing, pricing pressure from third party payors and increasingly restrictive reimbursement conditions being imposed by third party payors.  In this regard, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience increasing pressure from third party payors to agree to discounts, rebates or other pricing terms for Xyrem.  Any such restrictive pricing terms or additional reimbursement conditions could have a material adverse effect on our Xyrem revenues.  In addition, drug pricing by pharmaceutical companies is currently, and is expected to continue to be, under close scrutiny, including with respect to companies that have increased the price of products after acquiring those products from other companies.  We expect that healthcare policies and reforms intended to curb healthcare costs will continue to be proposed, which could limit the prices that we charge for our products, including Xyrem, limit the commercial opportunities for our products and/or negatively impact revenues from sales of our products.  Also, price increases on Xyrem and our other products, and negative publicity regarding pricing and price increases generally, whether with respect to our products or products distributed by other pharmaceutical companies, could negatively affect market acceptance of Xyrem and our other products. 
  In the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net product sales of our second largest product, Erwinaze/Erwinase (which we refer to in this report as Erwinaze unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires), were   $43.0 million   and   $143.9 million  , respectively, which represented   12%   and   13%   of total net product sales, respectively.  We seek to maintain and increase sales of Erwinaze, as well as to make Erwinaze more widely available, through ongoing sales and marketing and research and development activities.  However, a significant challenge to our ability to maintain current sales levels and to increase sales is our extremely limited inventory of Erwinaze, past supply interruptions and our need to minimize or avoid additional supply interruptions due to capacity constraints, production delays, quality or regulatory challenges or other manufacturing difficulties.  Erwinaze is licensed from and manufactured by a single source, Porton Biopharma Limited, or PBL.  The current manufacturing capacity for Erwinaze is completely absorbed by demand for the product.  We  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

are working with PBL to evaluate potential expansion of its production capacity to increase the supply of Erwinaze over the longer term and to address the production delays, quality challenges and related regulatory scrutiny.  As a consequence of constrained manufacturing capacity, we have had an extremely limited or no ability to build product inventory levels that can be used to absorb disruptions to supply resulting from quality, regulatory or other issues, and we have experienced product quality, manufacturing and inventory challenges that have resulted in disruptions in our ability to supply certain markets and caused us to implement batch-specific, modified product use instructions.  Most recently, we experienced supply interruptions of Erwinaze in the U.S. late in the third quarter of 2016 and also during October 2016, and we expect to experience another supply interruption in the fourth quarter of 2016.  We expect that we will continue to experience inventory and supply challenges, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in further temporary disruptions in our ability to supply certain markets, including the U.S., from time to time.  As capacity constraints and supply disruptions continue, whether as a result of continued quality or other manufacturing issues, regulatory issues or otherwise, we will be unable to build a desired excess level of product inventory, our ability to supply the market may continue to be compromised, physicians  decisions to use Erwinaze may continue to be negatively impacted and our sales of and revenues from Erwinaze, our potential future maintenance and growth of the market for this product, and/or our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected.  Our ability to successfully and sustainably maintain or grow sales of Erwinaze is also subject to a number of other risks and uncertainties, including the limited population of patients with ALL and the incidence of hypersensitivity reactions to   E. coli  -derived asparaginase within that population, our need to apply for and receive marketing authorizations, through the European Union s, or EU s, mutual recognition procedure or otherwise in certain additional countries so we can launch promotional efforts in those countries, as well as those other risks and uncertainties discussed in  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  In the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net product sales of Defitelio/defibrotide represented   8%   and   7%   of our total net product sales, respectively.  We acquired this product in January 2014 in connection with our acquisition of Gentium S.r.l., or Gentium, which we refer to as the Gentium Acquisition, and secured worldwide rights to the product by acquiring rights to defibrotide in the Americas in August 2014.  We launched Defitelio in certain European countries in 2014 and continue to launch in additional European countries on a rolling basis.  On March 30, 2016, the FDA approved our NDA, for Defitelio for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with VOD, also known as SOS, with renal or pulmonary dysfunction following HSCT.  We launched Defitelio in the U.S. shortly after FDA approval, and our U.S. commercial launch is still at an early stage.   
  Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from our investment in Defitelio is subject to risks and uncertainties, including: 
             
    the acceptance of Defitelio in the U.S. by hospital pharmacy and therapeutics committees and the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement by government programs and third party payors; 
                
    U.S. market acceptance of Defitelio at its commercial price now that it is no longer available to new patients under an expanded access treatment protocol; 
                
    the lack of experience of U.S. physicians in diagnosing and treating VOD, particularly in adults, and the possibility that physicians may delay initiation of treatment or terminate treatment before the end of the recommended dosing schedule; 
                
    our ability to successfully maintain or grow sales of Defitelio in Europe; 
                
    delays or problems in the supply or manufacture of the product; 
                
    the limited size of the population of VOD patients who are indicated for treatment with Defitelio (particularly if changes in HSCT treatment protocols reduce the incidence of VOD); 
                
    our ability to meet the post-marketing commitments and requirements imposed by the FDA in connection with its approval of our NDA for Defitelio; and 
                
    our ability to obtain marketing approval in other countries and to develop the product for additional indications. 
     If sales of Defitelio do not reach the levels we expect, our anticipated revenue from the product will be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.   
  In furtherance of our growth strategy, we have made a significant investment in Vyxeos through the Celator Acquisition.  Vyxeos is currently not approved as a marketed product in any jurisdiction.  In September 2016, we initiated a rolling submission of an NDA to the FDA seeking marketing approval for Vyxeos.  We expect to complete the NDA submission in the first quarter of 2017 and to make a regulatory submission for Vyxeos in Europe in the second half of 2017.  Breakthrough Therapy designation has been granted for Vyxeos for the treatment of adults with therapy-related AML or AML with myelodysplasia-related changes.  Breakthrough Therapy designation is a process designed to expedite the development and review of a drug that is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition when preliminary clinical evidence  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on one or more clinically significant endpoints.   
  Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from this investment is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 
             
    our ability to successfully obtain marketing approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. and Europe; 
                
    risks associated with developing products based on the CombiPlex technology platform that we acquired in the Celator Acquisition, such as Vyxeos, the first injectable fixed ratio, drug delivery combination oncology product that the FDA would potentially be considering for approval; 
                
    our ability to differentiate Vyxeos from other liposomal chemotherapies and generically available chemotherapy combinations with which physicians and treatment centers are more familiar; 
                
    the need to establish pricing and reimbursement support for Vyxeos in the event we are able to obtain marketing approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. or in other countries; 
                
    the acceptance of Vyxeos in the U.S. and other countries by hospital pharmacy and therapeutics committees and the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement by government programs and third party payors; 
                
    delays or problems in the supply or manufacture of the product, including with respect to the requirement of the third parties upon which we rely to manufacture Vyxeos and its active pharmaceutical ingredients, or APIs, to obtain the approval of the FDA and/or other regulatory authorities to manufacture Vyxeos; and 
                
    the limited size of the population of AML patients who may potentially be indicated for treatment with Vyxeos.  
     If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. or in Europe in a timely manner, or at all, or if sales of an approved Vyxeos product do not reach the levels we expect, our anticipated revenue from Vyxeos would be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  For more information on risks and uncertainties relating to Erwinaze, Defitelio and Vyxeos, see the risk factor under the heading    While Xyrem remains our largest product, our success also depends on our ability to effectively commercialize our other products and, in the case of our newly acquired product candidate, Vyxeos, our ability to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. and Europe and, if approved, to successfully launch and commercialize Vyxeos.  Our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  In addition to risks specifically related to Xyrem, Erwinaze, Defitelio and Vyxeos, we are subject to other challenges and risks specific to our business and our ability to execute on our strategy, as well as risks and uncertainties common to companies in the pharmaceutical industry with development and commercial operations.  These risks and uncertainties include: 
             
    the challenges of protecting and enhancing our intellectual property rights; 
                
    the challenges of achieving and maintaining commercial success of our products; 
                
    delays or problems in the supply or manufacture of our products and product candidates, particularly with respect to certain products as to which we maintain limited inventories, and our dependence on single source suppliers for most of our products, product candidates and APIs; 
                
    the need to obtain and maintain appropriate pricing and reimbursement for our products in an increasingly challenging environment due to, among other things, the attention being paid to healthcare cost containment and other austerity measures in the U.S. and worldwide, including the need to obtain and maintain reimbursement for Xyrem in the U.S. in an environment in which we are subject to increasingly restrictive conditions for reimbursement required by government programs and third party payors; 
                
    our ability to identify and acquire, in-license or develop additional products or product candidates to grow our business; 
                
    the challenges of compliance with the requirements of the FDA, the DEA, and non-U.S. regulatory agencies, including with respect to product labeling, requirements for distribution, obtaining sufficient DEA quotas where needed, marketing and promotional activities, patient assistance programs, adverse event reporting and product recalls or withdrawals; 
                
    the difficulty and uncertainty of pharmaceutical product development, including the timing thereof, and the uncertainty of clinical success, such as the risk that results from preclinical studies and/or early clinical trials may not be predictive of results obtained in later and larger clinical trials planned or anticipated to be conducted for our product candidates; 
     
   11 

     Table of Contents  

the inherent uncertainty associated with the regulatory approval process, especially as we continue to undertake increased activities and make growing investment in our product pipeline development projects; 
                
    the risks associated with business combination or product or product candidate acquisition transactions, including risks associated with the Celator Acquisition, such as the challenges inherent in the integration of acquired businesses with our historical business, the increase in geographic dispersion among our centers of operation and the risks that we may acquire unanticipated liabilities along with acquired businesses or otherwise fail to realize the anticipated benefits (commercial or otherwise) from such transactions; and 
                
    possible restrictions on our ability and flexibility to pursue certain future opportunities as a result of our substantial outstanding debt obligations, which have increased as a result of, among other things, the Celator Acquisition. 
     Any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  All of these risks and uncertainties are discussed in greater detail, along with other risks and uncertainties, in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Concentrations of Risk 
  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, investments and marketable securities.  Our investment policy permits investments in U.S. federal government and federal agency securities, corporate bonds or commercial paper issued by U.S. corporations, money market instruments, certain qualifying money market mutual funds, certain repurchase agreements, and tax-exempt obligations of U.S. states, agencies and municipalities and places restrictions on credit ratings, maturities, and concentration by type and issuer.  We are exposed to credit risk in the event of a default by the financial institutions holding our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and issuers of investments to the extent recorded on the balance sheet. 
  We are also subject to credit risk from our accounts receivable related to our product sales.  We monitor our exposure within accounts receivable and record a reserve against uncollectible accounts receivable as necessary.  We extend credit to pharmaceutical wholesale distributors and specialty pharmaceutical distribution companies, primarily in the U.S., and to other international distributors and hospitals.  Customer creditworthiness is monitored and collateral is not required.  We monitor deteriorating economic conditions in certain European countries which may result in variability of the timing of cash receipts and an increase in the average length of time that it takes to collect accounts receivable outstanding.  Historically, we have not experienced significant credit losses on our accounts receivable, and we do not expect to have write-offs or adjustments to accounts receivable which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity or results of operations.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   five   customers accounted for   90%   of gross accounts receivable, including Express Scripts Specialty Distribution Services, Inc. and its affiliates, or Express Scripts, which accounted for   71%   of gross accounts receivable.  As of   December 31, 2015  ,   five   customers accounted for   90%   of gross accounts receivable, including Express Scripts, which accounted for   69%   of gross accounts receivable, and IDIS Limited, which accounted for   11%   of gross accounts receivable.  
  We depend on single source suppliers for most of our products, product candidates and their APIs.  We commenced manufacturing of Xyrem in our Ireland facility in the third quarter of 2016. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.  Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
  Net Income Attributable to Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc per Ordinary Share  
  Basic net income attributable to Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc per ordinary share is based on the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding.  Diluted net income attributable to Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc per ordinary share is based on the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potentially dilutive ordinary shares outstanding.  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share were computed as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):    

Potentially dilutive ordinary shares from our employee equity incentive and purchase plans and our   1.875%   exchangeable senior notes due 2021, or the 2021 Notes, are determined by applying the treasury stock method to the assumed exercise of share options, the assumed vesting of outstanding restricted stock units, or RSUs, the assumed issuance of ordinary shares under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, and the assumed issuance of ordinary shares upon exchange of the 2021 Notes.  The potential issue of approximately   2.9 million   ordinary shares issuable upon exchange of the 2021 Notes had no effect on diluted net income per ordinary share because the average price of our ordinary shares for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   did not exceed the effective exchange price of   $199.77   per ordinary share.  
  The following table represents the weighted-average ordinary shares that were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per ordinary share for the periods presented because including them would have an anti-dilutive effect (in thousands):    

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
  In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or the FASB, issued ASU No. 2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  which requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity asset transfer, other than an intra-entity asset transfer of inventory, when the transfer occurs.  The standard is effective for us beginning January 1, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently assessing our approach to the adoption of this standard and the impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments .  ASU 2016-15 addresses how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.  The standard is effective for us beginning January 1, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .  The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, statutory tax withholding requirements, accounting for forfeitures and classification on the statement of cash flows.  ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for us beginning January 1, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently assessing our approach to the adoption of this standard and the impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) .  Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a right-of-use asset, which represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

the lease term, and a corresponding lease liability, which represents the lessee s obligation to make lease payments under a lease, measured on a discounted basis.  ASU No. 2016-02 is effective beginning January 1, 2019 and early application is permitted.  ASU No. 2016-02 must be adopted on a modified retrospective transition basis for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the consolidated financial statements.  We are currently assessing our approach to the adoption of this standard and the potential impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers .  The standard states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  To achieve this, an entity will need to identify the contract with a customer; identify the separate performance obligations in the contract; determine the transaction price; allocate the transaction price to the separate performance obligations in the contract; and recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies each performance obligation.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date , which deferred the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09.  ASU No. 2014-09 will now be effective for us beginning January 1, 2018 and can be adopted on a full retrospective basis or on a modified retrospective basis.  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations , which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations.  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , which clarifies certain aspects of identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance.  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  related to disclosures of remaining performance obligations, as well as other amendments to guidance on collectability, non-cash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes collected from customers.  We are currently assessing our approach to the adoption of these standards and the potential impact on our results of operations and financial position. 

2. Business Combination, Asset Acquisitions and Equity Method Investment 
  Celator Acquisition 
  On May 27, 2016, we entered into a definitive merger agreement with Celator pursuant to which we made a cash tender offer of   $30.25   per share for all of the outstanding shares of Celator s common stock.  As of the expiration of the offer period on July 12, 2016,   36,516,173   shares, which represented approximately   81%   of Celator s then outstanding common stock, were properly tendered and not withdrawn in the tender offer.  The condition to the tender offer that more than   50%   of Celator s outstanding common stock be validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the tender offer was satisfied.  In addition, notices of guaranteed delivery were delivered with respect to   2,016,237   additional shares representing approximately   4%   of Celator s outstanding common stock as of the expiration of the tender offer.  On July 12, 2016, we completed the Celator Acquisition under the terms of the merger agreement, pursuant to which Celator became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and each share of Celator common stock then outstanding (other than shares owned by us or Celator) was converted into the right to receive   $30.25  , the same price per share offered in the tender offer.  The aggregate cash consideration for the Celator Acquisition was   $1.5 billion  .  
  On July 12, 2016, we entered into the amended credit agreement that provides for a revolving credit facility of   $1.25 billion  , which replaced our prior revolving credit facility of   $750.0 million  , and a   $750.0 million   term loan facility, of which   $721.9 million   remained outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  Please see Note 7 for further information regarding the 2015 credit agreement and the amended credit agreement.  We used the proceeds of   $1.0 billion   of loans under the revolving credit facility, together with cash on hand, to fund the Celator Acquisition.  
  Celator is an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company that seeks to transform the science of combination therapy and develop products to improve patient outcomes in cancer.  The Celator Acquisition broadened our hematology/oncology portfolio with the acquisition of worldwide development and commercialization rights to Vyxeos, an investigational product in development as a treatment for AML.  In addition, the Celator Acquisition provided us with Celator s proprietary technology platform, CombiPlex, which has the potential to enable the rational design and rapid evaluation of optimized combinations of additional anti-cancer drugs. 
  The Celator Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method under which assets and liabilities of Celator were recorded at their respective estimated fair values as of the closing date of the Celator Acquisition and added to the assets and liabilities of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, including an amount for goodwill representing the difference between the acquisition consideration and the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets.  The results of operations of Celator and the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the closing date of the Celator Acquisition. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred   $7.8 million   and   $10.0 million  , respectively, in acquisition-related costs related to the Celator Acquisition, which primarily consisted of banking, legal, accounting and valuation-related expenses.  These expenses were recorded in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income.  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we did not recognize any revenues from the acquired Celator business.  The portion of total expenses and net loss associated with the acquired Celator business was not separately identifiable due to the integration with our operations. 
  The preliminary fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the closing date of the Celator Acquisition are summarized below (in thousands): 

The fair value estimates for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were based upon preliminary calculations, and our estimates and assumptions are subject to change as we obtain additional information for our estimates during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date).  The areas of these preliminary estimates that are not yet finalized relate primarily to tax-related items. 
  Identifiable intangible assets acquired comprise in-process research and development, or IPR D, which represents incomplete research and development projects at Celator related to Vyxeos.  Management estimated the fair value of Vyxeos IPR D to be approximately   $1.8 billion  .  The fair value of acquired IPR D was determined using the income approach, including the application of probability factors related to the likelihood of success of Vyxeos reaching final development and commercialization.  This approach also took into consideration information and certain program-related documents and forecasts prepared by management.  The fair value of acquired IPR D was capitalized as of the closing date of the Celator Acquisition and is subsequently accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until completion or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts.  Accordingly, during the development period after the closing date of the Celator Acquisition, this asset will not be amortized into earnings; instead, this asset will be subject to periodic impairment testing.  Upon successful completion of the development process for an acquired IPR D project, determination as to the useful life of the asset will be made.  The asset would then be considered a finite-lived intangible asset and amortization of the asset into earnings would begin over the remaining estimated useful life of the asset. 
  The excess of the total acquisition consideration over the fair value amounts assigned to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed represents the goodwill amount resulting from the Celator Acquisition.  We believe that the factors that contributed to goodwill included the Celator workforce, which will complement our clinical experience in hematology/oncology and our expertise in reaching targeted physicians who treat serious medical conditions, and the deferred tax consequences of intangible assets recorded for financial statement purposes.  We do not expect any portion of this goodwill to be deductible for tax purposes. 
  Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) 
  The following unaudited supplemental pro forma information presents our combined historical results of operations with pro forma adjustments as if the Celator Acquisition had been completed on January 1, 2015.  The primary pro forma adjustments include: 
             
    The exclusion of acquisition-related and integration expenses of   $10.8 million   and   $13.0 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  , and the inclusion of acquisition-related and integration expenses of   $13.0 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
     
   15 

     Table of Contents  

An increase in interest expense of   $0.1 million   and   $13.7 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  , and   $6.5 million   and   $19.4 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively  , incurred on additional borrowings made to partially fund the Celator Acquisition as if the borrowings had occurred on January 1, 2015. 
     The unaudited pro forma results do not assume any operating efficiencies as a result of the consolidation of operations and are as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

Acquisition of Aliz  Pharma II S.A.S. 
  In March 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Aliz  Pharma II S.A.S., a privately held biotechnology company, for an upfront payment of   $8.8 million  .  In connection with the acquisition, we obtained intellectual property and know-how related to recombinant crisantaspase.  The transaction includes contingent regulatory milestone payments of up to    10 million  .  The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition and the upfront payment was charged to acquired IPR D expense upon closing of the transaction. 
  License and Option Agreement 
  In July 2016, we entered into an agreement with Pfenex Inc., or Pfenex, under which Pfenex granted us worldwide rights to develop and commercialize multiple early stage hematology product candidates.  The agreement also includes an option for us to negotiate a license for a recombinant pegaspargase product candidate with Pfenex.  Under the agreement, Pfenex received upfront and option payments totaling   $15.0 million   and may be eligible to receive additional payments of up to   $166 million   based on the achievement of certain development, regulatory and sales milestones. 
  Equity Method Investment 
  In May 2016, we committed to invest   $25.0 million   in Arrivo Bioventures LLC, or Arrivo, over a   five  -year period.  The first installment of   $5.0 million   was invested in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  We account for our investment in Arrivo under the equity method of accounting.  Our equity method investment is included within other non-current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016  .  We record our share of losses in our equity method investment in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 

16 

Table of Contents  

3. Fair Value Measurement 
  Cash, cash equivalents and investments consisted of the following (in thousands):    

Cash equivalents and investments are considered available-for-sale securities.  We use the specific-identification method for calculating realized gains and losses on securities sold and include them in interest expense, net in the condensed consolidated statements of income.  Our investments balance represents time deposits with original maturities of greater than three months. 
  The following table summarizes, by major security type, our available-for-sale securities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis and were categorized using the fair value hierarchy (in thousands):    

As of   September 30, 2016  , our available-for-sale securities included time deposits which were measured at fair value using Level 2 inputs and their carrying values were approximately equal to their fair values.  Level 2 inputs, obtained from various third party data providers, represent quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, or these inputs were derived from observable market data, or if not directly observable, were derived from or corroborated by other observable market data.   
  There were   no   transfers between the different levels of the fair value hierarchy in   2016   or in 2015.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the estimated fair value of our 2021 Notes was approximately   $585 million  .  The fair value of the 2021 Notes was estimated using quoted market prices obtained from brokers (Level 2).  The estimated fair value of our borrowings under our term loan and revolving credit facilities were approximately equal to their respective book values based on the borrowing rates currently available for variable rate loans (Level 2).   

4. Inventories 
  Inventories consisted of the following (in thousands):    

17 

Table of Contents  

5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
  The gross carrying amount of goodwill was as follows (in thousands): 

The gross carrying amounts and net book values of our intangible assets were as follows (in thousands):    

The increase in the gross carrying amount of intangible assets as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   reflects the acquisition of the Vyxeos IPR D asset in the Celator Acquisition, as described in Note 2, and the capitalization of a   $150.0 million   milestone payment to Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals Inc. that was triggered by the FDA approval of Defitelio on March 30, 2016.  Additionally, after receiving FDA approval of Defitelio, we reclassified   $48.4 million   of acquired IPR D from an indefinite-lived intangible asset to an acquired developed technology finite-lived intangible asset.  The Defitelio acquired developed technology asset will be amortized over its estimated useful life of   14   years.  The increase in the gross carrying amount was also due to the positive impact of foreign currency translation adjustments due to the strengthening of the euro against the U.S. dollar. 
  The assumptions and estimates used to determine future cash flows and remaining useful lives of our intangible and other long-lived assets are complex and subjective.  They can be affected by various factors, including external factors, such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our forecasts for specific product lines.   
  Based on finite-lived intangible assets recorded as of   September 30, 2016  , and assuming the underlying assets will not be impaired and that we will not change the expected lives of the assets, future amortization expenses were estimated as follows (in thousands):    

18 

Table of Contents  

6. Certain Balance Sheet Items 
  Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): 

The decrease in construction-in-progress, or CIP, from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   is primarily due to the reclassification of building and equipment costs related to our Ireland manufacturing and development facility from CIP to the appropriate property and equipment category on the balance sheet following FDA approval of the facility in June 2016.  
  Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 

19 

Table of Contents  

7. Debt 
  The following table summarizes the carrying amount of our indebtedness (in thousands): 

Amendment of Credit Facility 
  On June 18, 2015, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, as guarantor, and certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries, as borrowers, entered into a credit agreement, which we refer to in this report as the 2015 credit agreement, that provided for a   $750.0 million   principal amount term loan, which was drawn in full at closing, and a   $750.0 million   revolving credit facility, of which   $160.0 million   was drawn at closing and subsequently repaid.  We used the proceeds from initial borrowings under the 2015 credit agreement to repay in full the   $893.1 million   principal amount of term loans outstanding under the credit agreement that we entered into in June 2012, as subsequently amended, which we refer to as the previous credit agreement, and to pay related fees and expenses.  The previous credit agreement was terminated upon repayment of the term loans outstanding thereunder.   
  On   July 12, 2016  , Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, as guarantor, and certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries, as borrowers, entered into the amended credit agreement.  The amended credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of   $1.25 billion  , which replaces the revolving credit facility of   $750.0 million   provided for under the 2015 credit agreement, and a   $750.0 million   term loan facility, of which   $721.9 million   principal amount was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  We used the proceeds of   $1.0 billion   of loans under the revolving credit facility, together with cash on hand, to fund the Celator Acquisition and expect to use the proceeds from future loans under the revolving credit facility, if any, for general corporate purposes, including corporate development activities.  Please see Note 2 for additional information regarding the Celator Acquisition. 
  Under the amended credit agreement, the term loan matures on   July 12, 2021   and the revolving credit facility terminates, and any loans outstanding thereunder become due and payable, on   July 12, 2021  .   
  Borrowings under the amended credit agreement bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (a) the LIBOR rate, plus an applicable margin ranging from   1.50%   to   2.25%   per annum, based upon our secured leverage ratio, or (b) the prime lending rate, plus an applicable margin ranging from   0.50%   to   1.25%   per annum, based upon our secured leverage ratio.  The revolving credit facility has a commitment fee payable on the undrawn amount ranging from   0.25%   to   0.35%   per annum based upon our secured leverage ratio.  
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries are borrowers under the amended credit agreement.  The borrowers  obligations under the amended credit agreement and any hedging or cash management obligations entered into with a lender are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and certain of our subsidiaries (including the issuer of the 2021 Notes as described below) and are secured by substantially all of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s, the borrowers  and the guarantor subsidiaries  assets. 
  We may make voluntary prepayments of principal at any time without payment of a premium.  We are required to make mandatory prepayments of the term loan (without payment of a premium) with (1) net cash proceeds from certain non-ordinary course asset sales (subject to reinvestment rights and other exceptions), (2) net cash proceeds from issuances of debt (other than certain permitted debt), and (3) casualty proceeds and condemnation awards (subject to reinvestment rights and other exceptions). 
  Principal repayments of the term loan, which are due quarterly, will begin in December 2016 and are equal to   5.0%   per annum of the principal amount outstanding on   July 12, 2016   of   $721.9 million   during the first two years,   7.5%   per annum  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

during the third year,   10.0%   per annum during the fourth year and   12.5%   per annum during the fifth year, with any remaining balance payable on the maturity date.  
  The amended credit agreement contains financial covenants that require Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and our restricted subsidiaries to not (a) exceed a maximum secured net leverage ratio or (b) fall below a cash interest coverage ratio.  We were, as of   September 30, 2016  , and are currently, in compliance with these financial covenants.  
  In connection with our entry into the amended credit agreement, we recorded a loss on extinguishment and modification of debt of   $0.6 million   primarily related to new third party fees associated with modified debt. 
  Exchangeable Senior Notes 
  The 2021 Notes were issued by Jazz Investments I Limited, or the Issuer, a   100%  -owned finance subsidiary of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc.  The Issuer s obligations under the 2021 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc.  No subsidiary of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc guaranteed the 2021 Notes.  Subject to certain local law restrictions on payment of dividends, among other things, and potential negative tax consequences, we are not aware of any significant restrictions on the ability of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc to obtain funds from the Issuer or Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s other subsidiaries by dividend or loan, or any legal or economic restrictions on the ability of the Issuer or Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s other subsidiaries to transfer funds to Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances.  There is no assurance that in the future such restrictions will not be adopted.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value of the equity component of the 2021 Notes, net of equity issuance costs, was   $126.9 million  .  
  Maturities 
  Scheduled maturities with respect to our long-term debt principal balances outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   were as follows (in thousands):   

8. Commitments and Contingencies 
  Indemnification 
  In the normal course of business, we enter into agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and provide for general indemnification, including indemnification associated with product liability or infringement of intellectual property rights.  Our exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves future claims that may be made but have not yet been made against us.  To date, we have not paid any claims or been required to defend any action related to these indemnification obligations. 
  We have agreed to indemnify our executive officers, directors and certain other employees for losses and costs incurred in connection with certain events or occurrences, including advancing money to cover certain costs, subject to certain limitations.  The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under the indemnification obligations is unlimited; however, we maintain insurance policies that may limit our exposure and may enable us to recover a portion of any future amounts paid.  Assuming the applicability of coverage and the willingness of the insurer to assume coverage, and subject to certain retention, loss limits and other policy provisions, we believe the fair value of these indemnification obligations is not significant.  Accordingly, we did not recognize any liabilities relating to these obligations as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  No assurances can be given that the covering insurers will not attempt to dispute the validity, applicability, or amount of coverage without expensive litigation against these insurers, in which case we may incur substantial liabilities as a result of these indemnification obligations. 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Lease and Other Commitments 
  We have noncancelable operating leases for our office buildings and we are obligated to make payments under noncancelable operating leases for automobiles used by our sales force.  Future minimum lease payments under our noncancelable operating and facility leases as of   September 30, 2016   were as follows (in thousands):    

In January 2015, we entered into an agreement to lease office space located in Palo Alto, California in a building to be constructed by the landlord.  We expect to occupy this office space by the end of 2017.  In connection with this lease, the landlord is providing a tenant improvement allowance for the costs associated with the design, development and construction of tenant improvements for the leased facility.  We are obligated to fund all costs incurred in excess of the tenant improvement allowance.  The scope of the planned tenant improvements do not qualify as  normal tenant improvements  under the lease accounting guidance.  Accordingly, for accounting purposes, we have concluded we are the deemed owner of the building during the construction period.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we recorded project construction costs of   $19.6 million   incurred by the landlord as construction-in-progress in property and equipment, net and a corresponding financing obligation in other non-current liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets.  We will increase the asset and financing obligation as additional building costs are incurred by the landlord during the construction period.  In the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded rent expense associated with the ground lease of   $0.5 million   and   $1.4 million  , respectively, in our condensed consolidated statements of income.  
  In August 2016, we entered into an operating lease agreement for office space in Dublin, Ireland for a term of   20 years  , with an option to terminate at the end of   eight years   with no less than   one year   s prior written notice and the payment of a termination fee, and a further option to terminate at the end of   15 years   with no less than   one year   s prior written notice.  We are obligated to make minimum lease payments totaling   $20.8 million   in connection with this lease. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $23.1 million   of noncancelable purchase commitments due within one year, primarily related to agreements with third party manufacturers. 
  Legal Proceedings  
  We are involved in legal proceedings, including the following matters:  
  Xyrem ANDA Matters.    On October 18, 2010, we received a notice of Paragraph IV Patent Certification, or Paragraph IV Certification, from Roxane that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  Roxane s initial notice alleged that all   five   patents then listed for Xyrem in the FDA s publication  Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations,  or Orange Book, on the date of the notice are invalid, unenforceable or not infringed by Roxane s proposed generic product.  On November 22, 2010, we filed a lawsuit against Roxane in response to Roxane s initial notice in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey, or the District Court, seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Roxane from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents.  In accordance with the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or Hatch-Waxman Act, as a result of our having filed a timely lawsuit against Roxane, FDA approval of Roxane s ANDA was stayed for   30 months  , or until April 2013.  That stay has expired.  Additional patents covering Xyrem have been issued since December 2010, and after receiving Paragraph IV Certification notices from Roxane with respect to those patents, we have filed additional lawsuits against Roxane to include these additional patents in the litigation.  All of the lawsuits filed against Roxane between 2010 and 2012 were consolidated by the District Court into a single case, which we refer to as the first Roxane consolidated case.  In the first Roxane consolidated case, we allege that   10   of our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Roxane s ANDA and seek a permanent injunction to prevent Roxane from launching a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents. 
  After receiving additional Paragraph IV Certification notices from Roxane, we filed   three   actions against Roxane in the District Court on February 20, 2015, June 1, 2015 and January 27, 2016 that were consolidated by the District Court into a second case, which we refer to as the second Roxane consolidated case.  In the second Roxane consolidated case, we allege that   five   of our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Roxane s ANDA and seek a permanent injunction to prevent Roxane from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe those patents.  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

In December 2013, the District Court permitted Roxane to amend its answer in the first Roxane consolidated case to allege certain equitable defenses, and the parties were given additional time for discovery on those new defenses.  In addition, in March 2014, the District Court granted our motion to bifurcate and stay the portion of the first Roxane consolidated case regarding patents related to the distribution system for Xyrem. 
  In April 2015, Roxane moved in the second Roxane consolidated case to dismiss claims involving our patent covering a part of the Xyrem label that instructs prescribers on adjusting the dose of Xyrem when it is being co-administered with divalproex sodium (also known as valproate or valproic acid) on the grounds that this patent does not cover patentable subject matter.  In October 2015, the District Court administratively terminated this motion to dismiss (without prejudice) pending the outcome of IPR proceedings before the PTAB, relating to the patent that was the subject of Roxane s motion.  Such IPR proceedings were filed by Par, Ranbaxy and Amneal and are discussed below. 
  In July 2016, the District Court determined that it would try all of the patents at issue in the first and second Roxane consolidated cases together, including patents that were previously bifurcated and stayed, and set trial in this consolidated case for the second quarter of 2017.  
  On August 12, 2016, we filed a lawsuit against Roxane in the District Court alleging that an additional later-issued distribution patent is or will be infringed by Roxane s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Roxane from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe that patent.  In September 2016, Roxane moved to dismiss the lawsuit.  This motion is pending.  
  The actual timing of events in our litigation with Roxane may be earlier or later than we currently anticipate.  We cannot predict the specific timing or outcome of events in these matters or the impact of these matters on other ongoing proceedings with any ANDA filer. 
  On December 10, 2012, we received notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Amneal Pharmaceuticals, LLC, or Amneal, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On January 18, 2013, we filed a lawsuit against Amneal in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Amneal s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Amneal from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents.  On November 21, 2013, we received notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Par Pharmaceutical, Inc., or Par, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On December 27, 2013, we filed a lawsuit against Par in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Par s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Par from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents. 
  In April 2014, Amneal asked the District Court to consolidate its case with the Par case, stating that both cases would proceed on the schedule for the Par case.  The District Court granted this request in May 2014.  The order consolidating the cases provides that Amneal s   30  -month stay period will be extended to coincide with the date of Par s   30  -month stay period.  The stay expired on May 20, 2016.   
  Additional patents covering Xyrem have issued since April 2014 and have been listed in the Orange Book for Xyrem.  Amneal and Par have given us additional notices of Paragraph IV Certifications regarding such patents, and we have filed additional lawsuits against Amneal and Par in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Amneal s and Par s ANDAs and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Amneal and Par from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that will infringe these patents.  In March 2016, Par moved to dismiss claims involving our patents covering a part of the Xyrem label that instructs prescribers on adjusting the dose of Xyrem when it is being co-administered with divalproex sodium (also known as valproate or valproic acid). 
  On June 4, 2014, we received a notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited, or Ranbaxy, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On July 15, 2014, we filed a lawsuit against Ranbaxy in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Ranbaxy s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Ranbaxy from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that will infringe these patents.  Since June 2014, we have received additional notices of Paragraph IV Certification from Ranbaxy regarding newly issued patents for Xyrem listed in the Orange Book, and we have filed additional lawsuits against Ranbaxy in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Ranbaxy s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Ranbaxy from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that will infringe these patents.  In May 2016, the Ranbaxy litigation was settled as described below. 
  On October 30, 2014, we received a notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Watson Laboratories, Inc., or Watson, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On December 11, 2014, we filed a lawsuit against Watson in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Watson s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Watson from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents.  In March 2015, Watson moved to dismiss the portion of the case based on our Orange  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Book     listed patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem on the grounds that these patents do not cover patentable subject matter.  In November 2015, the District Court administratively terminated this motion to dismiss (without prejudice) pending the outcome of IPR proceedings before the PTAB relating to the patents that were the subject of Watson s motion.  Since March 2015, we have received an additional notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Watson regarding newly issued patents for Xyrem listed in the Orange Book, and we have filed an additional lawsuit against Watson in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Watson s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Watson from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents. 
  In April 2015, the District Court issued an order that consolidated all then-pending lawsuits against Amneal, Par, Ranbaxy and Watson into   one   case. 
  On June 8, 2015, we received a Paragraph IV Certification from Wockhardt Bio AG, or Wockhardt, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On July 17, 2015, we filed a lawsuit in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem were or would be infringed by Wockhardt s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Wockhardt from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents.  On November 26, 2015, we received an additional notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Wockhardt regarding newly issued patents listed in the Orange Book, and we filed an additional lawsuit against Wockhardt in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem were or would be infringed by Wockhardt s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Wockhardt from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents.  In April 2016, the Wockhardt litigation was settled as set forth below.   
  On July 23, 2015, we received a Paragraph IV Certification from Lupin Inc., or Lupin, that it has submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On September 2, 2015, we filed a lawsuit in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Lupin s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Lupin from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents. 
  In January 2016, the District Court issued an order consolidating all of the cases then pending against Amneal, Par, Ranbaxy, Watson, Wockhardt and Lupin into a single case for all purposes.  In April 2016, the District Court issued orders consolidating   two   cases against Amneal and Ranbaxy relating to later-issued patents with the previously consolidated case against Amneal, Par, Ranbaxy, Watson and Lupin.  In June 2016, the District Court issued an order consolidating a case against Watson relating to a later-issued patent with the previously consolidated case against Amneal, Par, Watson and Lupin. 
  We entered into settlement agreements with Wockhardt and Ranbaxy on April 18, 2016 and May 9, 2016, respectively, that resolved our patent litigation against Wockhardt and Ranbaxy.  Under the settlement agreements, we granted each of Wockhardt and Ranbaxy a license to manufacture, market, and sell its generic version of Xyrem on or after December 31, 2025, or earlier depending on the occurrence of certain events.  The specific terms of the settlement agreements are confidential. 
  The settlements with Wockhardt and Ranbaxy do not resolve the litigation against Amneal, Par, Watson and Lupin, which is ongoing.  We cannot predict the specific timing or outcome of events in this matter with respect to the remaining defendants or the impact of developments involving any specific parties or patents on other ongoing proceedings with any ANDA filer. 
  Xyrem Post-Grant Patent Review Matters  .      In January 2015, certain of the ANDA filers filed petitions for IPR with respect to the validity of   six   patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem.  In July 2015, the PTAB issued decisions instituting IPR trials with respect to these petitions.  In July 2016, the PTAB issued final decisions that the claims of these   six   patents are unpatentable; if the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upholds those decisions or if the time for appeal expires, these claims will be canceled.  We expect to appeal these decisions to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.  In September 2015, certain of the ANDA filers filed a petition for IPR with respect to the validity of an additional patent covering the distribution system for Xyrem.  In March 2016, the PTAB issued a decision instituting an IPR trial with respect to   three   claims of the patent subject to this petition, and we expect the PTAB to issue a final decision on the validity of these claims in March 2017.  The PTAB denied the petition with respect to the other   25   claims of the patent. 
  In October 2015, Ranbaxy and Par filed petitions for IPR with respect to the validity of one of our patents covering a method for prescribing Xyrem when it is being co-administered with divalproex sodium, and Amneal filed an IPR petition on the same patent in February 2016.  In April 2016, the PTAB denied Par s petition in its entirety and issued a decision on Ranbaxy s petition, instituting an IPR trial with respect to   16   of the claims under the patent subject to this petition and denying the petition with respect to the other   18   claims.  In July 2016, the PTAB denied Amneal s petition in its entirety.  In March 2016, Ranbaxy filed a petition for IPR with respect to the validity of the second of our patents covering a method for prescribing Xyrem when it is being co-administered with divalproex sodium.  In connection with settlement of our litigation with Ranbaxy, both of the IPR petitions filed by Ranbaxy were terminated. 
  In December 2015, Wockhardt filed a petition for IPR with respect to the validity of one of our patents covering the formulation of Xyrem.  In connection with settlement of our patent litigation with Wockhardt, this IPR petition was terminated. 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

We cannot predict whether additional post-grant patent review challenges will be filed by any of the ANDA filers or any other entity, the outcome of any pending IPR or other proceeding, the outcome of any appeal or rehearing of the July 2016 IPR decisions with respect to   six   patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem or the impact any IPR or other proceeding might have on ongoing ANDA litigation proceedings or other aspects of our Xyrem business.  
  In September 2016, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, submitted a Citizen Petition to the FDA requesting that, for safety reasons, the FDA refuse to approve any sodium oxybate ANDA with a proposed label or REMS that omits the portions of the Xyrem label and the Xyrem REMS that instruct prescribers on adjusting the dose of the product when it is co-administered with divalproex sodium (also known as valproate or valproic acid).  We cannot predict when or if the FDA will respond to, or otherwise take any action with respect to, the Citizen Petition, the effect of any such response or action on the ongoing patent litigation referenced above, whether the FDA will ultimately require any proposed generic form of Xyrem to include the relevant safety information in its label or REMS or whether we will be successful in maintaining the validity of the applicable patents and protecting the patents from infringement.  However, if the FDA responds to our Citizen Petition by concluding that a proposed label or REMS for generic version of Xyrem does not need to include the portion of the Xyrem label relating to co-administration with divalproex sodium, it could potentially be easier for ANDA applicants to avoid infringement of our applicable patents.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    If generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products that compete with Xyrem are approved and launched, sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  Shareholder Litigation Matters Relating to Celator Acquisition.    On June 21, 2016, a putative class-action lawsuit challenging the Celator Acquisition, captioned   Dunbar v. Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,   or the Dunbar action, was filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey.  The complaint was filed against Celator, each member of the Celator board of directors, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and our wholly owned subsidiary Plex Merger Sub, Inc., or Plex.  The complaint generally alleges that the Celator directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Celator Acquisition, and that Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and Plex aided and abetted these alleged breaches of fiduciary duty.  The complaint also generally asserts that the Celator directors breached their fiduciary duties to Celator s public stockholders by, among other things, (i) agreeing to sell Celator to us at an inadequate price, (ii) implementing an unfair process, (iii) agreeing to certain provisions of the merger agreement for the Celator Acquisition that allegedly favored us and deterred alternative bids, and (iv) failing to disclose purportedly material information in Celator s Schedule 14D-9 filing with the SEC.  The plaintiff sought, among other things, an injunction against the consummation of the Celator Acquisition and an award of costs and expenses, including a reasonable allowance for attorneys  and experts  fees. 
  Between June 27, 2016 and June 29, 2016,   two   putative class-action lawsuits challenging the Celator Acquisition, captioned   Palmisciano v. Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,   or the Palmisciano action, and   Barreto v. Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  ,     or the Barreto action  ,   were filed in the District Court.  The complaints were filed against Celator and each member of the Celator board of directors.  The complaints assert causes of action under sections 14 and 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, predicated on Celator s and the Celator directors  alleged failure to disclose purportedly material information in Celator s Schedule 14D-9 filing with the SEC.  The plaintiffs sought, among other things, an injunction against the consummation of the Celator Acquisition and an award of costs and expenses, including a reasonable allowance for attorneys  and experts  fees.  Neither Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc nor Plex were named defendants in these actions. 
  On July 6, 2016, the defendants to the Dunbar action, the Palmisciano action and the Barreto action entered into a memorandum of understanding regarding settlement of these actions.  The memorandum of understanding outlines the terms of the parties  agreement in principle to settle and release all claims which were or could have been asserted in these actions.  In consideration for such settlement and release, the parties to these actions agreed, among other things, that Celator would amend its Schedule 14D-9 to include certain supplemental disclosures.  The Schedule 14D-9 was amended by Celator on July 6, 2016, and the Celator Acquisition was completed on July 12, 2016.  The settlement remains subject to, among other items, confirmatory discovery, the execution of a stipulation of settlement by the parties, final approval of the settlement by the District Court in the Barreto action and dismissal with prejudice of the Dunbar action and the Palmisciano action.  
  From time to time we are involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.  We believe there is no other litigation pending that could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
  Other Contingencies 
  We have not previously submitted pricing data for   two   radiopharmaceutical products, Quadramet        (samarium sm 153 lexidronam injection) and ProstaScint        (capromab pendetide), for Medicaid and the Public Health Service s 340B drug pricing program, or 340B program.  We engaged in interactions with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, and a trade group, the Council on Radionuclides and Radiopharmaceuticals, or CORAR, regarding the reporting of Medicaid pricing data and paying Medicaid rebates for radiopharmaceutical products.  In addition to the discussions with CMS as part of CORAR, we have had separate discussions with CMS directly regarding Quadramet.  We sold Quadramet to a third party in  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

December 2013, but we retained any liabilities related to sales of the product during prior periods.  Similarly, we sold ProstaScint to a third party in May 2015, but we retained any liabilities related to sales of the product during prior periods.  We are currently unable to predict whether price reporting and rebates will be required for Quadramet and ProstaScint for some or all of the period during which we were responsible for sales of these products.  The initiation of any reporting of Medicaid pricing data for Quadramet or ProstaScint could result in retroactive 340B ceiling price liability for these   two   products.  We are currently unable to reasonably estimate an amount or range of a potential contingent loss.  Any material liability resulting from radiopharmaceutical price reporting would negatively impact our financial results. 
  In May 2016, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Massachusetts requesting documents related to our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients, and, for Xyrem, documents concerning the provision of financial assistance to Medicare patients.  In October 2016, we received a second subpoena updating and further specifying document requests regarding support to 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients and the provision of financial assistance for Medicare patients taking drugs sold by us.  Other companies have disclosed similar subpoenas and continuing inquiries.  We are cooperating with this investigation.  We are unable to predict how long this investigation will continue, whether we will receive additional subpoenas in connection with this investigation, or its outcome, but we expect that we will continue to incur significant costs in connection with the investigation, regardless of the outcome.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our products    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 

9. Shareholders  Equity  
  The following tables present a reconciliation of our beginning and ending balances in shareholders  equity for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively   (in thousands):    

Share Repurchase Program 
  In November 2015, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we were authorized to repurchase a number of ordinary shares having an aggregate purchase price of up to   $300 million  , exclusive of any  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

brokerage commissions.  In the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we spent a total of   $259.8 million   to purchase   2.1 million   of our ordinary shares under the share repurchase program at an average total purchase price, including commissions, of   $125.65   per share.  All ordinary shares repurchased by us were canceled.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we completed repurchases under this share repurchase program, and   no   authorized amounts remained under this program. 
  In November 2016, our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase a number of ordinary shares having an aggregate purchase price of up to   $300 million  , exclusive of any brokerage commissions.  Under this program, which has no expiration date, we may repurchase ordinary shares from time to time on the open market.  The timing and amount of repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including the price of our ordinary shares, alternative investment opportunities, restrictions under the amended credit agreement, corporate and regulatory requirements and market conditions.  The new share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows (in thousands):  

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , other comprehensive income reflects foreign currency translation adjustments, primarily due to the strengthening of the euro against the U.S. dollar. 

10. Segment and Other Information 
  Our operating segment is reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker, or CODM.  Our CODM has been identified as our chief executive officer.  We have determined that we operate in   one   business segment, which is the identification, development and commercialization of meaningful pharmaceutical products that address unmet medical needs.  The following table presents a summary of total revenues (in thousands):    

The following table presents a summary of total revenues attributed to geographic sources (in thousands):    

27 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents a summary of the percentage of total revenues from customers that represented more than 10% of our total revenues:    

The following table presents total long-lived assets, consisting of property and equipment, by location (in thousands):    

11. Share-Based Compensation  
  Share-based compensation expense related to share options, RSUs and grants under our ESPP was as follows (in thousands):    

Share Options 
  The table below shows the number of shares underlying options granted to purchase our ordinary shares, the weighted-average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the resulting weighted-average grant date fair value of share options granted:    

28 

     Table of Contents  

Restricted Stock Units 
  The table below shows the number of RSUs granted covering an equal number of our ordinary shares and the weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted: 

The fair value of RSUs is determined on the date of grant based on the market price of our ordinary shares on that date.  The fair value of RSUs is expensed ratably over the vesting period, generally over   four years  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , compensation cost not yet recognized related to unvested share options and RSUs was   $80.3 million   and   $93.9 million  , respectively, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   2.6   years and   2.5   years, respectively. 

12. Restructuring 
  In the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded severance costs of   $1.5 million   for terminated employees in connection with the reorganization of our operations, primarily in France and Italy.  These one-time termination benefits were recorded over the remaining service period where employees were required to stay through their termination date to receive the benefits and included within cost of product sales and selling, general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of income.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had incurred total termination benefit costs of   $2.6 million   in connection with these reorganizations.  We do not expect to incur any additional material one-time termination benefit costs relating to these restructuring activities in 2016.  
  The following table summarizes the amounts related to restructuring through   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

The balances as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 were included within accrued liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

13. Income Taxes 
  Our income tax provision was   $29.1 million   and   $108.5 million   in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  , compared to   $29.9 million   and   $92.7 million   for the same periods in   2015  .  The effective tax rates were   25.0%   and   28.5%   in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  , compared to   25.4%   and   27.3%   for the same periods in   2015  .  The decrease in the effective tax rate for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   was primarily due to changes in income mix among the various jurisdictions in which we operate, partially offset by a decrease in originating tax credits.  The increase in the effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   was primarily due to a decrease in originating tax credits, partially offset by changes in income mix among the various jurisdictions in which we operate.  The effective tax rates for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   were higher than the Irish statutory rate of   12.5%   primarily due to income taxable at a rate higher than the Irish statutory rate, uncertain tax positions, and various expenses not deductible for tax purposes, partially offset by originating tax credits and deductions available in relation to subsidiary equity.  We do not provide for Irish income taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries.  
  The increase in our net deferred tax liability from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to the Celator Acquisition, as described in Note 2.  We maintain a valuation allowance against certain foreign and U.S. state deferred tax assets.  Each reporting period, we evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets by jurisdiction and adjust our estimates as more information becomes available.  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

We are required to recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination.  As a result, we have established a liability for certain tax benefits which we judge may not be sustained upon examination.  Our most significant tax jurisdictions are Ireland, the U.S. (both at the federal level and in various state jurisdictions), Italy and France.  Because of our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, substantially all of our tax years remain open to federal, state, and foreign tax examination.  Certain of our subsidiaries are currently under examination by the French tax authorities for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013 and by the Italian tax authorities for the year ended December 31, 2014.  These examinations may lead to ordinary course adjustments or proposed adjustments to our taxes.  In December 2015, we received proposed tax assessment notices from the French tax authorities for 2012 and 2013 relating to certain transfer pricing adjustments.  The notices propose additional French tax of approximately   $42.9 million  , including interest and penalties through the date of the assessment, translated at the foreign exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  .  We disagree with the proposed assessment and intend to contest it vigorously. 

30 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.        Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that could impact our business.  In particular, we encourage you to review the risks and uncertainties described in Part II, Item 1A  Risk Factors  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements contained in this report or implied by past results and trends.  Forward-looking statements are statements that attempt to forecast or anticipate future developments in our business, financial condition or results of operations.  See the  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  that appears at the end of this discussion.  These statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q (unless another date is indicated), and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements in light of future developments. 
   
  Overview 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc is an international biopharmaceutical company focused on improving patients  lives by identifying, developing and commercializing meaningful products that address unmet medical needs.   
  We have a diverse portfolio of products and product candidates, with a focus in the areas of sleep and hematology/oncology.  Our lead marketed products are: 
             
    Xyrem        (sodium oxybate) oral solution  , the only product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for the treatment of both cataplexy and excessive daytime sleepiness, or EDS, in patients with narcolepsy; 
                
    Erwinaze        (asparaginase   Erwinia chrysanthemi  )  , a treatment approved in the U.S. and in certain markets in Europe (where it is marketed as Erwinase       ) for patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or ALL, who have developed hypersensitivity to   E. coli  -derived asparaginase; and 
                
    Defitelio            (defibrotide sodium)  , a product approved in the U.S. for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with hepatic veno-occlusive disease, or VOD, also known as sinusoidal obstruction syndrome, or SOS, with renal or pulmonary dysfunction following hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, or HSCT, and in Europe (where it is marketed as Defitelio            (defibrotide)) for the treatment of severe VOD in adults and children undergoing HSCT therapy. 
     Our strategy is to create shareholder value by: 
             
    Growing sales of the existing products in our portfolio, including by identifying and investing in growth opportunities such as new treatment indications; 
                
    Acquiring clinically meaningful and differentiated products that are on the market or product candidates that are in late-stage development; and 
                
    Pursuing targeted development of post-discovery differentiated product candidates. 
     We apply a disciplined approach to allocating our resources between investments in our current commercial and development portfolio and acquisitions or in-licensing of new assets. 
  In the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our total net product sales increased by   10%   and   11%  , respectively, compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to an increase in Xyrem product sales.  We expect total net product sales to increase in 2016 over 2015, primarily due to anticipated growth in sales of Xyrem and Defitelio.  For additional information regarding our net product sales, see   Results of Operations.  
  On July 12, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Celator, which acquisition we refer to in this report as the Celator Acquisition.  The aggregate consideration for the Celator Acquisition was approximately   $1.5 billion  .  The Celator Acquisition broadened our hematology/oncology portfolio with the acquisition of worldwide development and commercialization rights to Vyxeos   TM   , an investigational product in development as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia, or AML.  In September 2016, we initiated a rolling submission of a new drug application, or NDA, to the FDA seeking marketing approval for Vyxeos.  We expect to complete the NDA submission in the first quarter of 2017.  In addition, the Celator Acquisition provided us with Celator s proprietary technology platform, CombiPlex , which has the potential to enable the rational design and rapid evaluation of optimized combinations of additional anti-cancer drugs.  
  On July 12, 2016, we entered into an amendment to our existing 2015 credit agreement, or the amended credit agreement, that provides for a revolving credit facility of   $1.25 billion  , which replaced our prior revolving credit facility of   $750.0 million  , and a   $750.0 million   term loan facility, of which   $721.9 million   principal amount remained outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  We used the proceeds of   $1.0 billion   of loans under the revolving credit facility, together with cash on hand, to fund the  
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Celator Acquisition.  The maturity date of both our revolving credit facility and term loan facility was extended from June 2020 to July 2021. 
  In June 2016, we received FDA approval of our manufacturing and development facility in Ireland.  We are using this facility for the manufacture of Xyrem, and in September 2016, we manufactured and shipped our first commercial batch of Xyrem from this facility.  We plan to also manufacture development-stage products at this facility.   
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we continued our focus on research and development activities, which currently include clinical development of new product candidates, activities related to line extensions and new indications for existing products and the generation of additional clinical data for existing products, all in our sleep and hematology/oncology therapeutic areas.   
  A summary of our ongoing development activities is provided below:                   Project 
    Disease Area 
    Status 
      Sleep 

JZP-110 
    Excessive sleepiness, or ES, in obstructive sleep apnea, or OSA 
    Patient enrollment in two Phase 3 trials completed in third quarter of 2016; expect preliminary data in first quarter of 2017; subject to results, expect to submit an NDA to the FDA in late 2017 
      JZP-110 
    ES in narcolepsy 
    
    Expect to complete patient enrollment in Phase 3 trial in fourth quarter of 2016; expect preliminary data in second quarter of 2017; subject to results, expect to submit an NDA to the FDA in late 2017 
      Xyrem 
    EDS and cataplexy in pediatric narcolepsy patients with cataplexy 
    Enrollment for Phase 3 trial completed in fourth quarter of 2016; subject to results of trial, expect to submit a supplemental NDA, or sNDA, and pediatric written request report to the FDA in late 2017  
      JZP-507 
    EDS and cataplexy in narcolepsy 
    Expect to complete pivotal bioequivalence, or BE, study in 2017; subject to results of study, expect to submit an NDA to the FDA in early 2018 
      JZP-258 
    EDS and cataplexy in narcolepsy 
    Expect to initiate Phase 3 trial in the EU and U.S. by early 2017 
      Oxybate once-nightly dosing 
    Narcolepsy 
    Program progressing; evaluation of deuterated oxybate continues as part of once-nightly development process 
      Hematology/Oncology 
      
      Vyxeos 
    High-risk (secondary) AML 
    Initiated a rolling submission of an NDA to the FDA in third quarter of 2016; expect to complete the NDA submission in first quarter of 2017 
      Defibrotide 
    Prevention of VOD in high-risk patients following HSCT 
    Activated clinical sites in Phase 3 trial in third quarter of 2016 

In the sleep area, we have ongoing and planned development programs for Xyrem and certain other product candidates. 
   Phase 3 Clinical Trials.    JZP-110 is a late-stage investigational compound being developed for potential treatment of ES in patients with narcolepsy and ES in patients with OSA.  We acquired worldwide development, manufacturing and commercial rights to JZP-110 from Aerial BioPharma LLC, or Aerial, in January 2014, other than in certain jurisdictions in Asia where SK Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd, or SK, retains rights.  We initiated patient enrollment in our Phase 3 clinical program in the second quarter of 2015.  We are conducting one Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with ES associated with narcolepsy and two Phase 3 clinical trials in patients with ES associated with OSA.  In the third quarter of 2016, we completed enrollment in the two Phase 3 clinical trials in patients with ES associated with OSA, and we expect to complete enrollment in the Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with ES associated with narcolepsy in the fourth quarter of 2016.  Approximately 800 patients are expected to be enrolled in these three trials in the aggregate.  We are expecting preliminary data from the trials in patients with ES associated with OSA in the first quarter of 2017 and from the trial in patients with ES associated with narcolepsy in the second quarter of 2017.  Subject to the results of these trials, we anticipate submitting an NDA to the FDA in late 2017.  In addition, we expect to enroll approximately 600 patients from our Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials in an open label extension trial evaluating the long-term safety and maintenance of efficacy of JZP-110.  
  Other Activities.    We are also exploring additional potential indications for JZP-110. 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Xyrem. 
     P  hase 3 Clinical Trial of Xyrem in Children and Adolescents  .  While in many patients narcolepsy can begin during childhood and adolescence, there is limited information on the treatment of pediatric narcolepsy patients with Xyrem.  We have worked with the FDA and several leading specialists to design a clinical trial to generate additional data on the treatment of pediatric narcolepsy patients with Xyrem.  In the fourth quarter of 2014, we initiated a Phase 3 clinical trial to assess the safety and efficacy of Xyrem in children and adolescents aged seven to 17 who have narcolepsy with cataplexy.  We completed enrollment in this trial in the fourth quarter of 2016 and, subject to the results of the trial, anticipate submitting an sNDA and pediatric written request report to the FDA in late 2017.  
  Other Activities.    We are also pursuing other activities related to the potential development of options for narcolepsy patients that would provide clinically meaningful improvements compared to Xyrem, including once-nightly dosing.  Although results from our Phase 1 trial of JZP-386, a deuterium-modified analog of sodium oxybate, which we licensed from Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Concert, in February 2013, did not support advancing JZP-386 into a later-stage clinical trial, the clinical data demonstrated that JZP-386 provided favorable deuterium-related effects, including higher serum concentrations and correspondingly increased pharmacodynamics effects at clinically relevant time points compared to Xyrem, and a safety profile similar to that observed with Xyrem.  We are exploring formulation options designed to leverage the positive effects observed in the studies. 
   JZP-507 is an investigational drug candidate that in a pilot study has demonstrated bioequivalence to Xyrem with a 50% reduction in sodium content compared to Xyrem.  We are investigating JZP-507 for the potential treatment of both narcolepsy with cataplexy and EDS in narcolepsy.  We believe that JZP-507 would offer a meaningful clinical benefit to patients compared to Xyrem.  We plan to run a pivotal BE study of JZP-507 in 2017, subject to the results of which we anticipate submitting an NDA to the FDA in early 2018. 
   JZP-258 is an oxybate-related product candidate that contains 90% less sodium than Xyrem, which is being developed for the potential treatment of both narcolepsy with cataplexy and EDS in narcolepsy.  We believe that JZP-258 would offer a meaningful clinical benefit to patients compared to Xyrem.  We are planning to initiate a Phase 3 clinical trial for JZP-258 in the EU and U.S. by early 2017. 
  In the hematology and oncology area, we also have ongoing and planned development activities. 
             
    Erwinaze.    We are pursuing activities related to the potential development of an effective and well-tolerated long-acting recombinant crisantaspase that could offer meaningful clinical benefits compared to Erwinaze.  We are also assessing the potential to pursue regulatory approval of Erwinaze in additional countries.  
                
    Vyxeos.    Celator completed a Phase 3 clinical trial in high-risk (secondary) AML.  Vyxeos is currently not approved as a marketed product in any jurisdiction.  We initiated a rolling submission of an NDA for Vyxeos to the FDA in the third quarter of 2016.  We expect to complete the NDA submission in the first quarter of 2017 and to make a regulatory submission for Vyxeos in Europe in the second half of 2017.  FDA Breakthrough Therapy designation has been granted for Vyxeos for the treatment of adults with therapy-related AML or AML with myelodysplasia-related changes.  Breakthrough Therapy designation is a process designed to expedite the development and review of a drug that is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition when preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on one or more clinically significant endpoints.  We are also assessing the potential for approval of Vyxeos in other countries and for development of Vyxeos in indications in addition to the treatment of high risk (secondary) AML.  
                
    Defibrotide. 
     Pl  anned Phase 3 Clinical Trial  .  We activated clinical sites in a Phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of defibrotide for the prevention of VOD in high-risk patients following HSCT in the third quarter of 2016.  
  Other Activities.    We plan to pursue regulatory approval of defibrotide in additional countries and are also exploring additional potential indications for defibrotide. 
  For 2016 and beyond, we expect that our research and development expenses will increase from historical levels, particularly as we initiate and undertake additional clinical trials and related development work and potentially acquire rights to additional product candidates.  We anticipate that we will continue to face a number of challenges and risks to our business and our ability to execute our strategy for the remainder of 2016 and beyond.  Some of these challenges and risks are specific to our business, and others are common to companies in the pharmaceutical industry with development and commercial operations. 
  Xyrem.    Our financial results remain significantly influenced by sales of Xyrem, which accounted for   77%   and   75%   of our total net product sales in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  , and 73% of our net product sales in the year ended December 31, 2015.  As a result, we continue to place a high priority on seeking to maintain and increase sales of Xyrem in its approved indications, while remaining focused on ensuring the safe and effective use of the  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

product.  We are also focusing on the lifecycle management of Xyrem, including seeking to enhance and enforce our intellectual property rights and to develop product, service and safety improvements for patients. 
  Our ability to maintain or increase Xyrem product sales is subject to risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  In particular, seven companies have sent us notices that they have filed abbreviated new drug applications, or ANDAs, with the FDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  We have filed lawsuits against each of these companies seeking to prevent the introduction of a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents.  In the second quarter of 2016, we settled two of these lawsuits, granting the settling ANDA applicants a license to manufacture, market and sell their generic versions of Xyrem on or after December 31, 2025, or earlier depending on the occurrence of certain events.  The court in which our ANDA litigation is ongoing has determined that all of our pending patent litigation (other than our lawsuit filed in August 2016) against the first ANDA filer, Roxane Laboratories, Inc., or Roxane, will be consolidated for trial and set trial in this consolidated case for the second quarter of 2017.  We cannot predict the timing or outcome of this or the other ANDA litigation proceedings.  Certain ANDA filers have also filed petitions for   inter partes   review, or IPR, by the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, or the PTAB, of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, with respect to the validity of certain distribution, method of use and formulation patents covering Xyrem.  The PTAB instituted IPR trials with respect to patents and patent claims that are the subject of certain of these petitions.  In July 2016, the PTAB issued final decisions that the claims of six distribution system patents that were the subject of certain IPR trials are unpatentable; as a result, if the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upholds those decisions or if the time for appeal expires, these claims will be canceled.  For a description of these matters, see  Legal Proceedings  in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  We cannot predict whether additional post-grant patent review challenges will be filed by any of the ANDA filers or any other entity, the outcome of any pending IPR or other proceeding, the outcome of any appeal or rehearing of the July 2016 IPR decisions with respect to six patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem or the impact any IPR or other proceeding might have on ongoing ANDA litigation proceedings or other aspects of our Xyrem business.  We expect that the approval of an ANDA that results in the launch of a generic version of Xyrem, or the approval and launch of other sodium oxybate products that compete with Xyrem, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  Approval of an ANDA with respect to a generic version of Xyrem will require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, which may be either a single shared REMS with Xyrem or a separate REMS with differing but comparable aspects of elements to assure safe use, or ETASU, to those in the approved Xyrem REMS.  We and the ANDA applicants had interactions with respect to developing a single shared REMS for several years.  The ANDA applicants are not currently engaging in single shared REMS discussions with us, but we have been seeking to continue the interactions with the goal of developing a single shared REMS.  However, we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, our interactions with the ANDA applicants will resume or whether we will develop a single shared REMS with the ANDA applicants.  We are aware that, separate from the discussions with us, the FDA and ANDA applicants have exchanged communications regarding a REMS for sodium oxybate.  If we and the ANDA applicants do not develop a single shared REMS, if we do not license or share intellectual property pertinent to our Xyrem REMS with generic competitors within a time frame or on terms that the FDA considers acceptable or if a generic competitor otherwise successfully petitions the FDA for a waiver of the shared REMS requirement, the FDA may assert that its waiver authority permits it to approve the ANDA of one or more generic competitors with a separate REMS that differs in some aspects from our approved Xyrem REMS.  We also may face pressure to develop a single shared REMS with potential generic competitors for Xyrem that is different from the approved Xyrem REMS or to license or share intellectual property pertinent to the Xyrem REMS, or elements of the Xyrem REMS, including proprietary data required for safe distribution of sodium oxybate, with generic competitors.  We cannot predict the outcome or impact on our business of any future action that we may take with respect to the development of a single shared REMS for sodium oxybate, licensing or sharing intellectual property pertinent to our Xyrem REMS or elements of the Xyrem REMS, or the FDA s response to a request by one or more ANDA applicants for a waiver of the requirement for a single shared REMS, including in connection with a certification that the applicant had been unable to obtain a license.  The FDA s response to any such request could include approval of one or more ANDAs.  In addition, the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, other governmental authorities or others could claim or determine that we are using the Xyrem REMS in an anticompetitive manner (including in light of the FDA s statement in the Xyrem REMS approval letter that the Xyrem REMS could be used in an anticompetitive manner inconsistent with applicable provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA) or have engaged in other anticompetitive practices. 
  In August 2015, we implemented the final Xyrem REMS, which was approved by the FDA in February 2015, and we have submitted and expect to continue to submit ongoing assessments as set forth in the FDA s Xyrem REMS approval letter.  However, we cannot guarantee that our implementation and ongoing assessments will be satisfactory to the FDA or that the Xyrem REMS will satisfy the FDA s expectations in its evaluation of the Xyrem REMS on an ongoing basis.  Any failure to comply with the REMS obligations could result in enforcement action by the FDA; lead to changes in our Xyrem REMS obligations; negatively affect sales of Xyrem; result in additional costs and expenses for us; and/or take a significant amount of time, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  Further, we cannot predict whether the FDA will seek to require or ultimately require modifications to the Xyrem REMS, including with respect to the distribution system (particularly if the FDA ultimately approves a separate REMS for any  
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

of the ANDA filers that differs in some aspects from the Xyrem REMS), or seek to otherwise impose or ultimately impose additional requirements to the Xyrem REMS, or the potential timing, terms or propriety thereof.  Any such modifications or additional requirements could potentially make it easier for ANDA applicants to obtain FDA approval of their ANDAs, make it more difficult or expensive for us to distribute Xyrem, make distribution easier for future generic competitors, impair the safety profile of Xyrem and/or negatively affect sales of Xyrem.  Moreover, a distribution system that is less restrictive than the Xyrem REMS may increase the risks associated with sodium oxybate distribution, as patients, consumers and others may not differentiate generic sodium oxybate from Xyrem, or differentiate between the different REMS programs.  Any negative outcomes, including but not limited to negative publicity, caused by or otherwise related to a separate REMS could have a significant negative impact in terms of product liability, goodwill, and prescribers  willingness to prescribe, and patients  willingness to take, Xyrem, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our Xyrem revenues.  
  Obtaining and maintaining appropriate reimbursement for Xyrem in the U.S. is increasingly challenging due to, among other things, the attention being paid to healthcare cost containment and prescription drug pricing, pricing pressure from third party payors and increasingly restrictive reimbursement conditions being imposed by third party payors.  In this regard, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience increasing pressure from third party payors to agree to discounts, rebates or other pricing terms for Xyrem.  Any such restrictive pricing terms or additional reimbursement conditions could have a material adverse effect on our Xyrem revenues.  In addition, drug pricing by pharmaceutical companies is currently, and is expected to continue to be, under close scrutiny, including with respect to companies that have increased the price of products after acquiring those products from other companies.  We expect that healthcare policies and reforms intended to curb healthcare costs will continue to be proposed, which could limit the prices that we charge for our products, including Xyrem, limit the commercial opportunities for our products and/or negatively impact revenues from sales of our products.  Also, price increases on Xyrem and our other products, and negative publicity regarding pricing and price increases generally, whether with respect to our products or products distributed by other pharmaceutical companies, could negatively affect market acceptance of Xyrem and our other products. 
  In May 2016, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Massachusetts requesting documents related to our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients, and, for Xyrem, documents concerning the provision of financial assistance to Medicare patients.  In October 2016, we received a second subpoena updating and further specifying document requests regarding support to 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients and the provision of financial assistance for Medicare patients taking drugs sold by us.  Other companies have disclosed similar subpoenas and continuing inquiries.  We are cooperating with this investigation.  We are unable to predict how long this investigation will continue, whether we will receive additional subpoenas in connection with this investigation, or its outcome, but we expect that we will continue to incur significant costs in connection with the investigation, regardless of the outcome. 
  Erwinaze/Erwinase.    Sales of our second largest product, Erwinaze/Erwinase (which we refer to in this report as Erwinaze unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires), accounted for   12%   and   13%   of our total net product sales in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  , and 15% in the year ended December 31, 2015.  We seek to maintain and increase sales of Erwinaze, as well as to make Erwinaze more widely available, through ongoing sales and marketing and research and development activities.  However, a significant challenge to our ability to maintain current sales levels and to increase sales is our extremely limited inventory of Erwinaze, past supply interruptions and our need to minimize or avoid additional supply interruptions due to capacity constraints, production delays, quality or regulatory challenges and other manufacturing difficulties.  Erwinaze is licensed from and manufactured by a single source, Porton Biopharma Limited, or PBL.  The current manufacturing capacity for Erwinaze is completely absorbed by demand for the product.  We are working with PBL to evaluate potential expansion of its production capacity to increase the supply of Erwinaze over the longer term and to address the production delays, quality challenges and related regulatory scrutiny.  As a consequence of constrained manufacturing capacity, we have had an extremely limited or no ability to build product inventory levels that can be used to absorb disruptions to supply resulting from quality, regulatory or other issues, and we have experienced product quality, manufacturing and inventory challenges that have resulted in disruptions in our ability to supply certain markets and caused us to implement batch-specific, modified product use instructions.  Most recently, we experienced supply interruptions of Erwinaze in the U.S. late in the third quarter of 2016 and also during October 2016, and we expect to experience another supply interruption in the fourth quarter of 2016.  We expect that we will continue to experience inventory and supply challenges, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in further temporary disruptions in our ability to supply certain markets, including the U.S., from time to time.  As capacity constraints and supply disruptions continue, whether as a result of continued quality or other manufacturing issues, regulatory issues or otherwise, we will be unable to build a desired excess level of product inventory, our ability to supply the market may continue to be compromised, physicians  decisions to use Erwinaze may continue to be negatively impacted and our sales of and revenues from Erwinaze, our potential future maintenance and growth of the market for this product, and/or our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected.  Our ability to successfully and sustainably maintain or grow sales of Erwinaze is also subject to a number of other risks and uncertainties, including the limited population of patients with ALL and the incidence of hypersensitivity reactions to   E. coli  -derived asparaginase within that population, our need to apply for and receive marketing  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

authorizations, through the European Union s, or EU s, mutual recognition procedure or otherwise in certain additional countries so we can launch promotional efforts in those countries, as well as those other risks and uncertainties discussed in  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  Defitelio.    Sales of Defitelio accounted for   8%   and   7%   of our total net product sales in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  , and 5% in the year ended December 31, 2015.  We acquired this product in January 2014 in connection with our acquisition of Gentium S.r.l., or Gentium, which we refer to as the Gentium Acquisition, and secured worldwide rights to the product by acquiring rights to defibrotide in the Americas in August 2014.  We launched Defitelio in certain European countries in 2014 and continue to launch in additional European countries on a rolling basis.  On March 30, 2016, the FDA approved our NDA for Defitelio for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with VOD, also known as SOS, with renal or pulmonary dysfunction following HSCT.  We launched Defitelio in the U.S. shortly after FDA approval, and our U.S. commercial launch is still at an early stage.   
  Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from our investment in Defitelio is subject to risks and uncertainties, including: 
             
    the acceptance of Defitelio in the U.S. by hospital pharmacy and therapeutics committees and the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement by government programs and third party payors; 
                
    U.S. market acceptance of Defitelio at its commercial price now that it is no longer available to new patients under an expanded access treatment protocol; 
                
    the lack of experience of U.S. physicians in diagnosing and treating VOD, particularly in adults, and the possibility that physicians may delay initiation of treatment or terminate treatment before the end of the recommended dosing schedule; 
                
    our ability to successfully maintain or grow sales of Defitelio in Europe; 
                
    delays or problems in the supply or manufacture of the product; 
                
    the limited size of the population of VOD patients who are indicated for treatment with Defitelio (particularly if changes in HSCT treatment protocols reduce the incidence of VOD); 
                
    our ability to meet the post-marketing commitments and requirements imposed by the FDA in connection with its approval of our NDA for Defitelio; and 
                
    our ability to obtain marketing approval in other countries and to develop the product for additional indications. 
     If sales of Defitelio do not reach the levels we expect, our anticipated revenue from the product will be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.   
  Vyxeos.    In furtherance of our growth strategy, we have made a significant investment in Vyxeos through the Celator Acquisition.  Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from this investment is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 
             
    our ability to successfully obtain marketing approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. and Europe; 
                
    risks associated with developing products based on the CombiPlex technology platform that we acquired in the Celator Acquisition, such as Vyxeos, the first injectable fixed ratio, drug delivery combination oncology product that the FDA would potentially be considering for approval; 
                
    our ability to differentiate Vyxeos from other liposomal chemotherapies and generically available chemotherapy combinations with which physicians and treatment centers are more familiar; 
                
    the need to establish pricing and reimbursement support for Vyxeos in the event we are able to obtain marketing approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. or in other countries; 
                
    the acceptance of Vyxeos in the U.S. and other countries by hospital pharmacy and therapeutics committees and the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement by government programs and third party payors; 
                
    delays or problems in the supply or manufacture of the product, including with respect to the requirement of the third parties upon which we rely to manufacture Vyxeos and its active pharmaceutical ingredients, or APIs, to obtain the approval of the FDA and/or other regulatory authorities to manufacture Vyxeos; and 
                
    the limited size of the population of AML patients who may potentially be indicated for treatment with Vyxeos.  
     If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. or in Europe in a timely manner, or at all, or if sales of an approved Vyxeos product do not reach the levels we expect, our anticipated revenue from Vyxeos would be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

For more information on risks and uncertainties relating to Erwinaze, Defitelio and Vyxeos, see the risk factor under the heading    While Xyrem remains our largest product, our success also depends on our ability to effectively     commercialize our other products and, in the case of our newly acquired product candidate, Vyxeos, our ability to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. and Europe and, if approved, to successfully launch and commercialize Vyxeos.  Our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  In addition to risks specifically related to Xyrem, Erwinaze, Defitelio and Vyxeos, other key challenges and risks that we face include risks and uncertainties related to: 
             
    the challenges of protecting and enhancing our intellectual property rights; 
                
    the challenges of achieving and maintaining commercial success of our products; 
                
    delays or problems in the supply or manufacture of our products and product candidates, particularly with respect to certain products as to which we maintain limited inventories, and our dependence on single source suppliers for most of our products, product candidates and APIs;  
                
    the need to obtain and maintain appropriate pricing and reimbursement for our products in an increasingly challenging environment due to, among other things, the attention being paid to healthcare cost containment and other austerity measures in the U.S. and worldwide, including the need to obtain and maintain reimbursement for Xyrem in the U.S. in an environment in which we are subject to increasingly restrictive conditions for reimbursement required by government programs and third party payors; 
                
    our ability to identify and acquire, in-license or develop additional products or product candidates to grow our business; 
                
    the challenges of compliance with the requirements of the FDA, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, and non-U.S. regulatory agencies, including with respect to product labeling, requirements for distribution, obtaining sufficient DEA quotas where needed, marketing and promotional activities, patient assistance programs, adverse event reporting and product recalls or withdrawals; 
                
    the difficulty and uncertainty of pharmaceutical product development, including the timing thereof, and the uncertainty of clinical success, such as the risk that results from preclinical studies and/or early clinical trials may not be predictive of results obtained in later and larger clinical trials planned or anticipated to be conducted for our product candidates; 
                
    the inherent uncertainty associated with the regulatory approval process, especially as we continue to undertake increased activities and make growing investment in our product pipeline development projects; 
                
    the risks associated with business combination or product or product candidate acquisition transactions, including risks associated with the Celator Acquisition, such as the challenges inherent in the integration of acquired businesses with our historical business, the increase in geographic dispersion among our centers of operation and the risks that we may acquire unanticipated liabilities along with acquired businesses or otherwise fail to realize the anticipated benefits (commercial or otherwise) from such transactions; and 
                
    possible restrictions on our ability and flexibility to pursue certain future opportunities as a result of our substantial outstanding debt obligations, as a result of, among other things, the Celator Acquisition. 
     Any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  All of these risks and uncertainties are discussed in greater detail, along with other risks and uncertainties, in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

37 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The following table presents our revenues and expenses (in thousands, except percentages):    

_____________________________ 
           (1) 
    Our financial results include the financial results of the historical Celator business since the closing of the Celator Acquisition on July 12, 2016. 
              (2) 
    Comparison to prior period not meaningful. 
     Revenues 
  The following table presents our product sales, royalties and contract revenues, and total revenues (in thousands, except percentages): 

Product Sales, Net 
  Xyrem product sales increased in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily due to a higher average net selling price and, to a lesser extent, an increase in sales volume.  A price increase was instituted in February 2016.  Xyrem product sales volume increased by   9%   and   6%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The sales volume increase was driven by an increase  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

in the average number of patients on Xyrem, which includes new patients, patients who have restarted Xyrem therapy and active patients who remained on Xyrem therapy.      Erwinaze product sales decreased in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily due to a decrease in sales volume, partially offset by price increases instituted in January 2016 and July 2015.  The Erwinaze sales volume decrease was primarily driven by the negative impact of continuing supply challenges that disrupted our ability to supply certain markets.  We experienced supply interruptions of Erwinaze in the U.S. in the third quarter of 2016.  Defitelio/defibrotide product sales increased in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily due to the launch of Defitelio in the U.S. in April 2016 and higher net sales outside the U.S primarily due to higher sales volume.  Prialt product sales increased in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily due to an increase in sales volume.  Psychiatry product sales decreased in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily due to generic competition.  Other sales decreased in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to our sale in March 2015 of certain products and the related business that we acquired as part of our acquisition of EUSA Pharma Inc., or EUSA Pharma, which we refer to as the EUSA Acquisition.  We expect total product sales will increase in 2016 over 2015, primarily due to anticipated growth in sales of Xyrem and Defitelio, partially offset by decreases in sales of certain other products.  
  Royalties and Contract Revenues 
  Royalties and contract revenues increased in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  .  We expect royalties and contract revenues in 2016 to increase slightly compared to 2015, primarily due to higher royalties on our out-licensed products. 
    
  Cost of Product Sales 
  Cost of product sales decreased in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily due to a change in product mix, partially offset by an increase in net product sales.  Gross margin as a percentage of net product sales was   93.5%   and   93.4%   in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   91.6%   and   92.0%   for the same periods in   2015  .  The increase in our gross margin percentage in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily due to a change in product mix.  Cost of product sales is not expected to change materially in 2016 compared to 2015. 
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to transaction and integration-related costs incurred in relation to the Celator Acquisition of $10.3 million, an increase in compensation-related expenses of $5.7 million driven by higher headcount and an increase in other expenses related to the expansion and support of our business.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to an increase in compensation-related expenses of $19.9 million driven by higher headcount, transaction and integration-related costs incurred in relation to the Celator Acquisition of $12.3 million, an increase in legal fees and expenses, expenses related to the launch of Defitelio in the U.S., and an increase in other expenses related to the expansion and support of our business.  We expect selling, general and administrative expenses in 2016 to increase compared to 2015, primarily due to an increase in compensation-related expenses driven by higher headcount, transaction and integration-related costs in relation to the Celator Acquisition, an increase in legal fees and expenses, the launch of Defitelio in the U.S., the preparation for the potential commercial launch of Vyxeos, an increase in expenses related to Xyrem REMS and pharmacy services and other expenses related to the expansion and support of our business. 
  Research and Development Expenses 
  Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs related to clinical studies and outside services, personnel expenses, milestone payments and other research and development costs.  Clinical study and outside services costs relate primarily to services performed by clinical research organizations, materials and supplies, and other third party fees.  Personnel expenses relate primarily to salaries, benefits and share-based compensation.  Other research and development expenses primarily include overhead allocations consisting of various support and facilities-related costs.  We do not track fully-burdened research and development expenses on a project-by-project basis.  We manage our research and development expenses by identifying the research and development activities that we anticipate will be performed during a given period and then prioritizing efforts based on our assessment of which development activities are important to our business and have a reasonable probability of success, and by dynamically allocating resources accordingly.  We also continually review our development pipeline projects and the status of their development and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our development pipeline projects that we believe will best support the future growth of our business.   
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides a breakout of our research and development expenses by major categories of expense (in thousands): 

Research and development expenses decreased by   $3.0 million   in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to a $25.0 million milestone expense that was triggered by the acceptance for filing by the FDA of our NDA for defibrotide for VOD in September 2015, partially offset by increased clinical studies and outside services costs driven primarily by higher costs incurred to develop our sleep and hematology/oncology product candidates and regulatory costs related to our rolling NDA submission for Vyxeos.  Research and development expenses increased by   $12.3 million   in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to increased clinical studies and outside services costs driven primarily by costs related to three Phase 3 clinical trials for JZP-110 and development of other sleep product candidates, offset by the aforementioned $25.0 million milestone expense in 2015.  
  For 2016 and beyond, we expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase from historical levels particularly as we initiate additional clinical trials and related development work and potentially acquire rights to additional product candidates.  A discussion of the risks and uncertainties with respect to our research and development activities, including completing the development of our product candidates, and the consequences to our business, financial position and growth prospects can be found in  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  Acquired In-Process Research and Development  
  Acquired IPR D expense in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was related to upfront and option payments made to Pfenex Inc., or Pfenex, under an agreement whereby Pfenex granted us worldwide rights to develop and commercialize multiple early stage hematology product candidates and an option for us to negotiate a license for a recombinant pegaspargase product candidate.  Acquired IPR D expense in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   comprised the upfront and option payments of   $15.0 million   made to Pfenex and a payment of   $8.8 million   in connection with the acquisition of intellectual property and know-how related to recombinant crisantaspase. 
  Intangible Asset Amortization 
  Intangible asset amortization increased slightly in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015   primarily due to the commencement of amortization of the Defitelio U.S. intangible asset upon FDA approval in March 2016, partially offset by the cessation of amortization of certain intangible assets that were fully amortized in 2015 and the impact of foreign exchange rates on euro-denominated assets.  Intangible asset amortization is not expected to change materially in 2016 compared to 2015. 
  Interest Expense, Net 
  On July 12, 2016, we entered into the amended credit agreement, which provides for a revolving credit facility of $1.25 billion, of which $1.0 billion was drawn to partially fund the Celator Acquisition, and a $750.0 million term loan facility, of which   $721.9 million   principal amount remained outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  Interest expense, net increased by   $5.8 million   in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the increase in our average debt balance and increased interest rates on borrowings under the amended credit agreement as compared to the 2015 credit agreement.  Interest expense, net decreased by   $1.9 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to higher interest income in the 2016 period.  We expect interest expense will be higher in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the increase in our average debt balance. 
  Foreign Currency Loss 
  The foreign currency loss in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily related to the translation of euro-denominated net monetary liabilities, including intercompany balances, held by subsidiaries with a U.S. dollar functional currency.  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

Loss on Extinguishment and Modification of Debt 
  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a loss of   $0.6 million   in connection with our entry into the amended credit agreement in July 2016, which was primarily comprised of new third party fees associated with the modified debt.  In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a loss of   $16.8 million   in connection with a refinancing of our term loan and revolving credit facilities in June 2015, which was comprised of $16.0 million related to the expensing of unamortized deferred financing costs and unamortized original issue discount associated with extinguished debt and $0.8 million related to new third party fees associated with the modification of existing debt. 
  Income Tax Provision 
  Our income tax provision was   $29.1 million   and   $108.5 million   in the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  , compared to   $29.9 million   and   $92.7 million   for the same periods in   2015  .  The effective tax rates were   25.0%   and   28.5%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively  , compared to   25.4%   and   27.3%   in the same periods in   2015  .  The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in   2015  , was primarily due to changes in income mix among the various jurisdictions in which we operate, partially offset by a decrease in originating tax credits.  The increase in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in   2015  , was primarily due to a decrease in originating tax credits, partially offset by changes in income mix among the various jurisdictions in which we operate.  The effective tax rates for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   were higher than the Irish statutory rate of   12.5%   primarily due to income taxable at a rate higher than the Irish statutory rate, unrecognized tax benefits, and various expenses not deductible for tax purposes, partially offset by originating tax credits and deductions available in relation to subsidiary equity.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of   $426.0 million  , borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility of   $249.5 million   and long-term debt of   $2.3 billion  .  Our long-term debt included   $1.0 billion   in outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility,   $721.9 million   aggregate principal amount term loan and   $575.0 million   principal amount of the 2021 Notes.  We generated cash flows from operations of   $409.8 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , and we expect to continue to generate positive cash flows from operations during 2016.  
  On July 12, 2016, we completed the Celator Acquisition.  The aggregate cost to us of the Celator Acquisition was approximately   $1.5 billion  .  On July 12, 2016, we entered into the amended credit agreement, which provides for a revolving credit facility of   $1.25 billion   replacing our prior revolving credit facility of   $750.0 million  , and a   $750.0 million   term loan facility, of which   $721.9 million   principal amount was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  We used the proceeds of   $1.0 billion   of loans under the revolving credit facility, together with cash on hand, to fund the Celator Acquisition and expect to use the proceeds from future loans under the revolving credit facility, if any, for general corporate purposes, including corporate development activities. 
  We believe that our existing cash balances, cash we expect to generate from operations and funds available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations and to meet our existing obligations for the foreseeable future.  The adequacy of our cash resources depends on many assumptions, including primarily our assumptions with respect to product sales and expenses, as well as the other factors set forth in Part II, Item 1A  Risk Factors  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q under the headings    Xyrem is our largest selling product, and our inability to maintain or increase sales of Xyrem would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects,   If generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products that compete with Xyrem are approved and launched, sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected,   The manufacture, distribution and sale of Xyrem are subject to significant regulatory oversight and restrictions and the requirements of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, and these restrictions and requirements, as well as the potential impact of changes to these restrictions and requirements, subject us to increased risks and uncertainties, any of which could negatively impact sales of Xyrem,    and    To continue to grow our business, we will need to commit substantial resources, which could result in future losses or otherwise limit our opportunities or affect our ability to operate our business.     Our assumptions may prove to be wrong or other factors may adversely affect our business, and as a result we could exhaust or significantly decrease our available cash resources, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations which could, among other things, force us to raise additional funds and/or force us to reduce our expenses, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
  To continue to grow our business over the longer term, we plan to commit substantial resources to product acquisition and in-licensing, product development, clinical trials of product candidates and expansion of our commercial, manufacturing  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

and other operations.  In this regard, we have evaluated and expect to continue to evaluate a wide array of strategic transactions as part of our strategy to acquire or in-license and develop additional products and product candidates.  Acquisition opportunities that we pursue could materially affect our liquidity and capital resources and may require us to incur additional indebtedness, seek equity capital or both.  In addition, we may pursue new operations or continue the expansion of our existing operations.  Accordingly, we expect to continue to opportunistically seek access to additional capital to license or acquire additional products, product candidates or companies to expand our operations or for general corporate purposes.  Raising additional capital could be accomplished through one or more public or private debt or equity financings, collaborations or partnering arrangements.  Any equity financing would be dilutive to our shareholders, and the consent of the lenders under the amended credit agreement could be required for certain financings.   
  In November 2015, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we were authorized to repurchase a number of ordinary shares having an aggregate purchase price of up to   $300 million  , exclusive of any brokerage commissions.  In the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we spent a total of   $259.8 million   to purchase   2.1 million   of our ordinary shares under this share repurchase program at an average total purchase price, including commissions, of   $125.65   per share.  All ordinary shares repurchased by us were canceled.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we completed repurchases under this share repurchase program, and no authorized amounts remained under this program.  
  In November 2016, our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase a number of ordinary shares having an aggregate purchase price of up to $300 million, exclusive of any brokerage commissions.  Under this program, which has no expiration date, we may repurchase ordinary shares from time to time on the open market.  The timing and amount of repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including the price of our ordinary shares, alternative investment opportunities, restrictions under the amended credit agreement, corporate and regulatory requirements and market conditions.  The new share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
  The following table presents a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Net cash provided by operating activities of   $409.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   related to net income of   $272.5 million  , adjusted for non-cash items of   $186.1 million   primarily related to intangible asset amortization and share-based compensation expense.  This was partially offset by   $48.8 million   of net cash outflow related to changes in operating assets and liabilities.  Net cash provided by operating activities of   $412.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   related to net income of   $246.8 million  , adjusted for non-cash items of   $158.3 million   primarily related to intangible asset amortization and share-based compensation expense and a net cash inflow of   $7.2 million   related to changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
  Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily related to the Celator Acquisition for $  1.5 billion  , a   $150.0 million   milestone payment to Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals Inc. that was triggered by the FDA approval of Defitelio on March 30, 2016, purchase of investments of   $64.7 million   and upfront and option payments of   $23.8 million   to acquire IPR D.  Net cash provided by investing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   primarily related to net proceeds of   $33.7 million   from the sale of certain products that we originally acquired as part of the EUSA Acquisition, partially offset by purchases of property and equipment of   $32.6 million   primarily related to the construction of a manufacturing and development facility in Ireland.   
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily related to net proceeds from issuance of debt of $  994.8 million   and proceeds of   $18.0 million   from employee equity incentive and purchase plans, partially offset by   $259.8 million   used to repurchase our ordinary shares under our share repurchase program, payment of employee withholding taxes of   $20.6 million   related to share-based awards and repayments of long-term debt of   $19.3 million  .  Net cash used in financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   primarily related to the repayment of   $896.4 million   for the principal amount outstanding of term loans under the previous credit agreement, repayment of   $80.0 million   of borrowings under the revolving credit facility, payment of employee withholding taxes of   $25.4 million   related to share-based awards and   $21.3 million   used to repurchase our ordinary shares under our prior share repurchase program, offset  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

by borrowings totaling   $899.0 million   under the 2015 credit agreement and proceeds of   $34.0 million   from employee equity incentive and purchase plans.  
  Credit Agreement 
  On June 18, 2015, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, as guarantor, and certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries, as borrowers, entered into the 2015 credit agreement that provided for a   $750.0 million   principal amount term loan, which was drawn in full at closing, and a   $750.0 million   revolving credit facility, of which   $160.0 million   was drawn at closing and subsequently repaid.  We used the proceeds from initial borrowings under the 2015 credit agreement to repay in full the   $893.1 million   principal amount of term loans outstanding under the previous credit agreement, and to pay related fees and expenses.  The previous credit agreement was terminated upon repayment of the term loans outstanding thereunder.   
  On   July 12, 2016  , Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, as guarantor, and certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries, as borrowers, entered into Amendment No. 1 to our 2015 credit agreement.  The amended credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of   $1.25 billion  , which replaces the revolving credit facility of   $750.0 million   provided for under the 2015 credit agreement, and a   $750.0 million   term loan facility, of which   $721.9 million   principal amount was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  We used the proceeds of   $1.0 billion   of loans under the revolving credit facility, together with cash on hand, to fund the Celator Acquisition, and we expect to use the proceeds from future loans under the revolving credit facility, if any, for general corporate purposes, including corporate development activities. 
  Under the amended credit agreement, the term loan matures on   July 12, 2021   and the revolving credit facility terminates, and any loans outstanding thereunder become due and payable, on   July 12, 2021  .   
  Borrowings under the amended credit agreement bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (a) the LIBOR rate, plus an applicable margin ranging from   1.50%   to   2.25%   per annum, based upon our secured leverage ratio, or (b) the prime lending rate, plus an applicable margin ranging from   0.50%   to   1.25%   per annum, based upon our secured leverage ratio.  The revolving credit facility has a commitment fee payable on the undrawn amount ranging from   0.25%   to   0.35%   per annum based upon our secured leverage ratio.  
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries are borrowers under the amended credit agreement.  The borrowers  obligations under the amended credit agreement and any hedging or cash management obligations entered into with a lender are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and certain of our subsidiaries (including the issuer of the 2021 Notes as described below) and are secured by substantially all of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s, the borrowers  and the guarantor subsidiaries  assets. 
  We may make voluntary prepayments of principal at any time without payment of a premium.  We are required to make mandatory prepayments of the term loan (without payment of a premium) with (1) net cash proceeds from certain non-ordinary course asset sales (subject to reinvestment rights and other exceptions), (2) net cash proceeds from issuances of debt (other than certain permitted debt), and (3) casualty proceeds and condemnation awards (subject to reinvestment rights and other exceptions). 
  Principal repayments of the term loan, which are due quarterly, begin in December 2016 and are equal to   5.0%   per annum of the principal amount outstanding on   July 12, 2016   of   $721.9 million   during the first two years,   7.5%   per annum during the third year,   10.0%   per annum during the fourth year and   12.5%   per annum during the fifth year, with any remaining balance payable on the maturity date.  
  The amended credit agreement contains financial covenants that require Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and its restricted subsidiaries to not (a) exceed a maximum secured net leverage ratio or (b) fall below a cash interest coverage ratio.  We were, as of   September 30, 2016  , and are currently, in compliance with these financial covenants.  
  Exchangeable Senior Notes 
  In August 2014, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, through our wholly owned finance subsidiary Jazz Investments I Limited, completed a private placement of $575.0 million principal amount of the 2021 Notes.  The 2021 Notes are the senior unsecured obligations of Jazz Investments I Limited and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc.  Interest on the 2021 Notes is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2015, at a rate of 1.875% per year.  In certain circumstances, we may be required to pay additional amounts as a result of any applicable tax withholding or deductions required in respect of payments on the 2021 Notes.  The 2021 Notes mature on August 15, 2021, unless earlier exchanged, repurchased or redeemed. 
  The holders of the 2021 Notes have the ability to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their 2021 Notes for cash in the event we undergo certain fundamental changes, such as specified change of control transactions, our liquidation or dissolution or the delisting of our ordinary shares from The NASDAQ Global Select Market.  Prior to August 15, 2021, we may  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

redeem the 2021 Notes, in whole but not in part, subject to compliance with certain conditions, if we have, or on the next interest payment date would, become obligated to pay to the holder of any 2021 Note additional amounts as a result of certain tax-related events.  We also may redeem the 2021 Notes on or after August 20, 2018, in whole or in part, if the last reported sale price per ordinary share has been at least 130% of the exchange price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide the notice of redemption. 
  The 2021 Notes are exchangeable at an initial exchange rate of 5.0057 ordinary shares per $1,000 principal amount of 2021 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately $199.77 per ordinary share.  Upon exchange, the 2021 Notes may be settled in cash, ordinary shares or a combination of cash and ordinary shares, at our election.  Our intent and policy is to settle the principal amount of the 2021 Notes in cash upon exchange.  The exchange rate will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest.  In addition, following certain make-whole fundamental changes occurring prior to the maturity date of the 2021 Notes or upon our issuance of a notice of redemption, we will in certain circumstances increase the exchange rate for holders of the 2021 Notes who elect to exchange their 2021 Notes in connection with that make-whole fundamental change or during the related redemption period.  Prior to February 15, 2021, the 2021 Notes will be exchangeable only upon satisfaction of certain conditions and during certain periods, and thereafter, at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. 

Contractual Obligations 
  The table below presents a summary of our contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands):    

__________________________ 
           (1) 
    This table does not include potential future milestone payment or royalty obligations to third parties under asset purchase, product development, license and other agreements as the timing and likelihood of such milestone payments are not known, and, in the case of royalty obligations, as the amount of such obligations are not estimable.  In 2014, we signed a definitive agreement with Aerial under which we acquired worldwide development, manufacturing and commercial rights to JZP-110 (other than in certain jurisdictions in Asia where SK retains rights).  Aerial and SK are currently eligible to receive milestone payments up to an aggregate of $270 million based on development, regulatory and sales milestones and tiered royalties from high single digits to mid-teens based on potential future sales of JZP-110.  In July 2016, we entered into an agreement with Pfenex under which Pfenex granted us worldwide rights to develop and commercialize multiple early stage hematology product candidates.  The agreement also includes an option for us to negotiate a license for a recombinant pegaspargase product candidate with Pfenex.  Under the agreement, Pfenex received upfront and option payments totaling $15 million and may be eligible to receive additional payments of up to $166 million based on the achievement of development, regulatory, and sales milestones.  Potential future milestone payments to other third parties under other agreements could be up to an aggregate of $257 million, of which up to $120 million will become due and payable to Perrigo Company plc (formerly Elan Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) in tiered contingent payments, with the first such payment becoming due if net sales of Prialt of at least $75 million are achieved in a calendar year.  The remainder would become due and payable to other third parties upon the achievement of certain developmental, clinical, regulatory and/or commercial milestones, the timing and likelihood of which are not known.  We are also obligated under these agreements to pay royalties on net sales of certain products at specified rates, which royalties are dependent on future product sales and are not provided for in the table above as they are not estimable.   
     
   44 

     Table of Contents  

(2) 
    Estimated interest was calculated based on the interest rates in effect as of   September 30, 2016  .  The interest rate for our term loan and revolving credit facility borrowings was   2.52%   at   September 30, 2016  . 
               (4) 
    Our revolving credit facility has a commitment fee payable on the undrawn amount ranging from 0.25% to 0.35% per annum based upon our secured leverage ratio.  In the table above, we used a rate of 0.35% and assumed undrawn amounts of   $249.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   to estimate commitment fees owed.  Undrawn borrowing capacity as of   September 30, 2016   does not include an amount of   $0.5 million   committed under an outstanding letter of credit. 
              (5) 
    We committed to invest $25.0 million in Arrivo Bioventures, LLC which can be called on an annual basis over a five year period.  The first capital call of $5.0 million was made during the second quarter of 2016.  Our equity method investment is included within other non-current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016  . 
              (6) 
    Consists primarily of non-cancelable commitments to third party manufacturers. 
              (7) 
    Consists primarily of the minimum lease payments for our office buildings and automobile lease payments for our sales force, including a lease agreement we entered into in January 2015 to lease office space located in Palo Alto, California.  We expect to occupy this office space by the end of 2017.  We are obligated to make lease payments totaling approximately   $88 million   over the initial term of the lease.  Not included in the table above are our estimated costs of approximately $20 million associated with the design, development and construction of tenant improvements under this lease agreement, which estimate does not include a tenant improvement allowance to be provided by the landlord.  Operating expenses associated with our leased office buildings are also not included in table above. 
     We do not provide for Irish income taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries.  In addition, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits has been excluded from the above contractual obligations table as the nature and timing of future payments, if any, cannot be reasonably estimated.  We do not anticipate that the amount of our existing liability for unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next twelve months.   

Critical Accounting Estimates 
  To understand our financial statements, it is important to understand our critical accounting estimates.  The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Significant estimates and assumptions are required in determining the amounts to be deducted from gross revenues, in particular estimates of government rebates, which include Medicaid and TRICARE rebates, and estimated product returns.  Significant estimates and assumptions are also required to determine whether to capitalize intangible assets, the amortization periods for identifiable intangible assets, the potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, income taxes and share-based compensation.  Some of these judgments can be subjective and complex, and, consequently, actual results may differ from these estimates.  For any given individual estimate or assumption we make, there may also be other estimates or assumptions that are reasonable.  Although we believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, they are based upon information available at the time the estimates and assumptions were made.  
  Our critical accounting policies and significant estimates are detailed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Our critical accounting policies and significant estimates have not changed substantially from those previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

45 

Table of Contents  

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the  safe harbor  created by those sections.  Forward-looking statements are based on our management s current plans, objectives, estimates, expectations and intentions and on information currently available to our management.  In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   project,   predict,   propose,   intend,   continue,   potential,   possible,   foreseeable,   likely,   unforeseen  and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements.  These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.  We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q in greater detail under Part II, Item 1A  Risk Factors.   Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  Also, these forward-looking statements represent our plans, objectives, estimates, expectations and intentions only as of the date of this filing.  You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results and the timing of events may be materially different from what we expect.  We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by our cautionary statements.  Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or supplement any forward-looking statements publicly, or to update or supplement the reasons that actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
       
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes to our market risk disclosures as set forth in Part II, Item 7A  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in our Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Interest Rate Risk  .  We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates in connection with our term loan and borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  On July 12, 2016, we entered into the amended credit agreement, which provides for a revolving credit facility of   $1.25 billion   replacing our prior revolving credit facility of   $750.0 million  , and a   $750.0 million   term loan facility, of which   $721.9 million   principal amount was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  We used the proceeds of   $1.0 billion   of loans under the revolving credit facility, together with cash on hand, to fund the Celator Acquisition.  Based on indebtedness under our term loan and revolving credit facilities of $1.7 billion as of September 30, 2016, a 1.0% increase in interest rates would increase net interest expense for the remainder of 2016 by approximately $4 million. 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  .  We have carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  Based on their evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls.    A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.  Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within an organization have been detected.  Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set forth above, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system were met. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.    As discussed above, the Celator Acquisition closed on July 12, 2016.  The Celator Acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting.  The results of operations of the acquired Celator business have been included in our condensed consolidated results of operations since July 12, 2016, and we are currently in the process of evaluating and integrating Celator s historical internal controls over financial reporting with ours. 
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , other than continuing changes to our internal control process resulting from the Celator Acquisition as discussed above, there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
  
   47 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     Xyrem ANDA Matters.    On October 18, 2010, we received a notice of Paragraph IV Patent Certification, or Paragraph IV Certification, from Roxane Laboratories, Inc., or Roxane, that it had submitted an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  Roxane s initial notice alleged that all five patents then listed for Xyrem in the FDA s publication  Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations,  or Orange Book, on the date of the notice are invalid, unenforceable or not infringed by Roxane s proposed generic product.  On November 22, 2010, we filed a lawsuit against Roxane in response to Roxane s initial notice in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey, or the District Court, seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Roxane from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents.  In accordance with the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or Hatch-Waxman Act, as a result of our having filed a timely lawsuit against Roxane, FDA approval of Roxane s ANDA was stayed for 30 months, or until April 2013.  That stay has expired.  Additional patents covering Xyrem have been issued since December 2010, and after receiving Paragraph IV Certification notices from Roxane with respect to those patents, we have filed additional lawsuits against Roxane to include these additional patents in the litigation.  All of the lawsuits filed against Roxane between 2010 and 2012 were consolidated by the District Court into a single case, which we refer to as the first Roxane consolidated case.  In the first Roxane consolidated case, we allege that 10 of our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Roxane s ANDA and seek a permanent injunction to prevent Roxane from launching a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents. 
  After receiving additional Paragraph IV Certification notices from Roxane, we filed three actions against Roxane in the District Court on February 20, 2015, June 1, 2015 and January 27, 2016 that were consolidated by the District Court into a second case, which we refer to as the second Roxane consolidated case.  In the second Roxane consolidated case, we allege that five of our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Roxane s ANDA and seek a permanent injunction to prevent Roxane from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe those patents. 
  In December 2013, the District Court permitted Roxane to amend its answer in the first Roxane consolidated case to allege certain equitable defenses, and the parties were given additional time for discovery on those new defenses.  In addition, in March 2014, the District Court granted our motion to bifurcate and stay the portion of the first Roxane consolidated case regarding patents related to the distribution system for Xyrem.  
  In April 2015, Roxane moved in the second Roxane consolidated case to dismiss claims involving our patent covering a part of the Xyrem label that instructs prescribers on adjusting the dose of Xyrem when it is being co-administered with divalproex sodium (also known as valproate or valproic acid) on the grounds that this patent does not cover patentable subject matter.  In October 2015, the District Court administratively terminated this motion to dismiss (without prejudice) pending the outcome of   inter partes   review, or IPR, proceedings before the Patent Trial or Appeal Board, or PTAB, relating to the patent that was the subject of Roxane s motion.  Such IPR proceedings were filed by Par, Ranbaxy and Amneal and are discussed below. 
  In July 2016, the District Court determined that it would try all of the patents at issue in the first and second Roxane consolidated cases together, including patents that were previously bifurcated and stayed, and set trial in this consolidated case for the second quarter of 2017.  
  On August 12, 2016, we filed a lawsuit against Roxane in the District Court alleging that an additional later-issued distribution patent is or will be infringed by Roxane s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Roxane from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe that patent.  In September 2016, Roxane moved to dismiss the lawsuit.  This motion is pending.  
  The actual timing of events in our litigation with Roxane may be earlier or later than we currently anticipate.  We cannot predict the specific timing or outcome of events in these matters or the impact of these matters on other ongoing proceedings with any ANDA filer. 
  On December 10, 2012, we received notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Amneal Pharmaceuticals, LLC, or Amneal, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On January 18, 2013, we filed a lawsuit against Amneal in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Amneal s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Amneal from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents.  On November 21, 2013, we received notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Par Pharmaceutical, Inc., or Par, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On December 27, 2013, we filed a lawsuit against Par in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Par s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Par from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents. 
  
   48 

     Table of Contents  

In April 2014, Amneal asked the District Court to consolidate its case with the Par case, stating that both cases would proceed on the schedule for the Par case.  The District Court granted this request in May 2014.  The order consolidating the cases provides that Amneal s 30-month stay period will be extended to coincide with the date of Par s 30-month stay period.  The stay expired on May 20, 2016.  
  Additional patents covering Xyrem have issued since April 2014 and have been listed in the Orange Book for Xyrem.  Amneal and Par have given us additional notices of Paragraph IV Certifications regarding such patents, and we have filed additional lawsuits against Amneal and Par in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Amneal s and Par s ANDAs and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Amneal and Par from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that will infringe these patents.  In March 2016, Par moved to dismiss claims involving our patents covering a part of the Xyrem label that instructs prescribers on adjusting the dose of Xyrem when it is being co-administered with divalproex sodium (also known as valproate or valproic acid). 
  On June 4, 2014, we received a notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited, or Ranbaxy, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On July 15, 2014, we filed a lawsuit against Ranbaxy in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Ranbaxy s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Ranbaxy from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that will infringe these patents.  Since June 2014, we have received additional notices of Paragraph IV Certification from Ranbaxy regarding newly issued patents for Xyrem listed in the Orange Book, and we have filed additional lawsuits against Ranbaxy in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are infringed or will be infringed by Ranbaxy s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Ranbaxy from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that will infringe these patents.  In May 2016, the Ranbaxy litigation was settled as described below. 
  On October 30, 2014, we received a notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Watson Laboratories, Inc., or Watson, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On December 11, 2014, we filed a lawsuit against Watson in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Watson s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Watson from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents.  In March 2015, Watson moved to dismiss the portion of the case based on our Orange Book-listed patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem on the grounds that these patents do not cover patentable subject matter.  In November 2015, the District Court administratively terminated this motion to dismiss (without prejudice) pending the outcome of IPR proceedings before the PTAB relating to the patents that were the subject of Watson s motion.  Since March 2015, we have received an additional notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Watson regarding newly issued patents for Xyrem listed in the Orange Book, and we have filed an additional lawsuit against Watson in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Watson s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Watson from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents. 
  In April 2015, the District Court issued an order that consolidated all then-pending lawsuits against Amneal, Par, Ranbaxy and Watson into one case. 
  On June 8, 2015, we received a Paragraph IV Certification from Wockhardt Bio AG, or Wockhardt, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On July 17, 2015, we filed a lawsuit in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem were or would be infringed by Wockhardt s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Wockhardt from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents.  On November 26, 2015, we received an additional notice of Paragraph IV Certification from Wockhardt regarding newly issued patents listed in the Orange Book, and we filed an additional lawsuit against Wockhardt in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem were or would be infringed by Wockhardt s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Wockhardt from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents.  In April 2016, the Wockhardt litigation was settled as set forth below. 
  On July 23, 2015, we received a Paragraph IV Certification from Lupin Inc., or Lupin, that it had submitted an ANDA to the FDA requesting approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  On September 2, 2015, we filed a lawsuit in the District Court alleging that our patents covering Xyrem are or will be infringed by Lupin s ANDA and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent Lupin from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents. 
  In January 2016, the District Court issued an order consolidating all of the cases then pending against Amneal, Par, Ranbaxy, Watson, Wockhardt and Lupin into a single case for all purposes.  In April 2016, the District Court issued orders consolidating two cases against Amneal and Ranbaxy relating to later-issued patents with the previously consolidated case against Amneal, Par, Ranbaxy, Watson and Lupin.  In June 2016, the District Court issued an order consolidating a case against Watson relating to a later-issued patent with the previously consolidated case against Amneal, Par, Watson and Lupin. 
  We entered into settlement agreements with Wockhardt and Ranbaxy on April 18, 2016 and May 9, 2016, respectively, that resolved our patent litigation against Wockhardt and Ranbaxy.  Under the settlement agreements, we granted each of  
  
   49 

     Table of Contents  

Wockhardt and Ranbaxy a license to manufacture, market, and sell its generic version of Xyrem on or after December 31, 2025, or earlier depending on the occurrence of certain events.  The specific terms of the settlement agreements are confidential. 
  The settlements with Wockhardt and Ranbaxy do not resolve the litigation against Amneal, Par, Watson and Lupin, which is ongoing.  We cannot predict the specific timing or outcome of events in this matter with respect to the remaining defendants or the impact of developments involving any specific parties or patents on other ongoing proceedings with any ANDA filer. 
  Xyrem Post-Grant Patent Review Matters  .      In January 2015, certain of the ANDA filers filed petitions for IPR with respect to the validity of six patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem.  In July 2015, the PTAB issued decisions instituting IPR trials with respect to these petitions.  In July 2016, the PTAB issued final decisions that the claims of these six patents are unpatentable; as a result, if the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upholds those decisions or if the time for appeal expires, these claims will be canceled.  We expect to appeal these decisions to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.  In September 2015, certain of the ANDA filers filed a petition for IPR with respect to the validity of an additional patent covering the distribution system for Xyrem.  In March 2016, the PTAB issued a decision instituting an IPR trial with respect to three claims of the patent subject to this petition, and we expect the PTAB to issue a final decision on the validity of these claims in March 2017.  The PTAB denied the petition with respect to the other 25 claims of the patent. 
  In October 2015, Ranbaxy and Par filed petitions for IPR with respect to the validity of one of our patents covering a method for prescribing Xyrem when it is being co-administered with divalproex sodium, and Amneal filed an IPR petition on the same patent in February 2016.  In April 2016, the PTAB denied Par s petition in its entirety and issued a decision on Ranbaxy s petition, instituting an IPR trial with respect to 16 of the claims under the patent subject to this petition and denying the petition with respect to the other 18 claims.  In July 2016, the PTAB denied Amneal s petition in its entirety.  In March 2016, Ranbaxy filed a petition for IPR with respect to the validity of the second of our patents covering a method for prescribing Xyrem when it is being co-administered with divalproex sodium.  In connection with settlement of our litigation with Ranbaxy, both of the IPR petitions filed by Ranbaxy were terminated. 
  In December 2015, Wockhardt filed a petition for IPR with respect to the validity of one of our patents covering the formulation of Xyrem.  In connection with settlement of our patent litigation with Wockhardt, this IPR petition was terminated. 
  We cannot predict whether additional post-grant patent review challenges will be filed by any of the ANDA filers or any other entity, the outcome of any pending IPR or other proceeding, the outcome of any appeal or rehearing of the July 2016 IPR decisions with respect to six patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem or the impact any IPR or other proceeding might have on ongoing ANDA litigation proceedings or other aspects of our Xyrem business.   
  In September 2016, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, submitted a Citizen Petition to the FDA requesting that, for safety reasons, the FDA refuse to approve any sodium oxybate ANDA with a proposed label or REMS that omits the portions of the Xyrem label and the Xyrem REMS that instruct prescribers on adjusting the dose of the product when it is co-administered with divalproex sodium (also known as valproate or valproic acid).  We cannot predict when or if the FDA will respond to, or otherwise take any action with respect to, the Citizen Petition or the effect of any such response or action on the ongoing patent litigation referenced above. 
  Shareholder Litigation Matters Relating to Celator Acquisition.    On June 21, 2016, a putative class-action lawsuit challenging our acquisition of Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Celator, captioned   Dunbar v. Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,   or the Dunbar action, was filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey.  We refer to our acquisition of Celator in this report as the Celator Acquisition.  The complaint was filed against Celator, each member of the Celator board of directors, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and our wholly owned subsidiary Plex Merger Sub, Inc., or Plex.  The complaint generally alleges that the Celator directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Celator Acquisition, and that Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and Plex aided and abetted these alleged breaches of fiduciary duty.  The complaint also generally asserts that the Celator directors breached their fiduciary duties to Celator s public stockholders by, among other things, (i) agreeing to sell Celator to us at an inadequate price, (ii) implementing an unfair process, (iii) agreeing to certain provisions of the merger agreement for the Celator Acquisition that allegedly favored us and deterred alternative bids, and (iv) failing to disclose purportedly material information in Celator s Schedule 14D-9 filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC.  The plaintiff sought, among other things, an injunction against the consummation of the Celator Acquisition and an award of costs and expenses, including a reasonable allowance for attorneys  and experts  fees. 
  Between June 27, 2016 and June 29, 2016, two putative class-action lawsuits challenging the Celator Acquisition, captioned   Palmisciano v. Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,   or the Palmisciano action, and   Barreto v. Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  ,     or the Barreto action  ,   were filed in the District Court.  The complaints were filed against Celator and each member of the Celator board of directors.  The complaints assert causes of action under sections 14 and 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, predicated on Celator s and the Celator directors  alleged failure to disclose purportedly material information in Celator s Schedule 14D-9 filing with the SEC.  The plaintiffs sought, among other things,  
  
   50 

     Table of Contents  

an injunction against the consummation of the Celator Acquisition and an award of costs and expenses, including a reasonable allowance for attorneys  and experts  fees.  Neither Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc nor Plex were named defendants in these actions. 
  On July 6, 2016, the defendants to the Dunbar action, the Palmisciano action and the Barreto action entered into a memorandum of understanding regarding settlement of these actions.  The memorandum of understanding outlines the terms of the parties  agreement in principle to settle and release all claims which were or could have been asserted in these actions.  In consideration for such settlement and release, the parties to these actions agreed, among other things, that Celator would amend its Schedule 14D-9 to include certain supplemental disclosures.  The Schedule 14D-9 was amended by Celator on July 6, 2016, and the Celator Acquisition was completed on July 12, 2016.  The settlement remains subject to, among other items, confirmatory discovery, the execution of a stipulation of settlement by the parties, final approval of the settlement by the District Court in the Barreto action and dismissal with prejudice of the Dunbar action and the Palmisciano action.  
  From time to time we are involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.  We believe there is no other litigation pending that could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  The risks described below are not the only ones we face.  Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations.  Our business could be harmed by any of these risks.  The trading price of our ordinary shares could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.  In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
  We have marked with an asterisk (*) those risks described below that reflect substantive changes from, or additions to, the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
   
  Risks Related to Xyrem and the Significant Impact of Xyrem Sales 
  Xyrem is our largest selling product, and our inability to maintain or increase sales of Xyrem would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.* 
  Xyrem is our largest selling product, and our financial results are significantly influenced by sales of Xyrem, which accounted for   77%   and   75%   of our net product sales for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and 73% of our net product sales for the year ended December 31, 2015.  Our future plans assume that sales of Xyrem will increase.  While Xyrem product sales grew from 2012 to 2015, we cannot assure you that we can maintain sales of Xyrem at or near current levels, or that Xyrem sales will continue to grow.      We have periodically increased the price of Xyrem, most recently in February 2016, and we cannot assure you that price adjustments we have taken or may take in the future will not negatively affect Xyrem sales volumes. 
  In addition to other risks described herein, our ability to maintain or increase Xyrem product sales is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, the most important of which are discussed in more detail below, including those related to: 
             
    the potential introduction of a generic version of Xyrem or an alternative product for treating cataplexy and/or excessive daytime sleepiness, or EDS, in narcolepsy; 
                
    changed or increased regulatory restrictions, including changes to our Xyrem risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, the development of a single shared REMS for sodium oxybate with or by potential generic competitors or other regulatory actions by the FDA; 
                
    our suppliers  ability to obtain sufficient quotas from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, to satisfy our needs for Xyrem; 
                
    any supply, manufacturing or distribution problems arising with any of our suppliers or distributors, most of whom are sole source providers for us; 
                
    any increase in pricing pressure from or restrictions on reimbursement imposed by third party payors; 
                
    changes in healthcare laws and policy, including changes in requirements for patient assistance programs, rebates, reimbursement and coverage by federal healthcare programs;  
                
    continued acceptance of Xyrem by physicians and patients, even in the face of negative publicity that surfaces from time to time; 
     
   51 

     Table of Contents  

changes to our label, including new safety warnings or changes to our boxed warning, that further restrict how we market and sell Xyrem; and 
                
    operational disruptions at the central pharmacy or any failure to comply with our REMS obligations to the satisfaction of the FDA. 
     These and the other risks described below related to Xyrem product sales and protection of our proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain or increase sales of Xyrem. 
  If sales of Xyrem were to decline significantly, we might need to reduce our operating expenses or seek to raise additional funds, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects, or we might not be able to acquire, in-license or develop new products in the future to grow our business. 
  If generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products that compete with Xyrem are approved and launched, sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected.* 
  Although Xyrem is covered by patents covering its manufacture, formulation, distribution system and method of use, seven third parties have filed ANDAs seeking FDA approval of generic versions of Xyrem, and additional third parties may also seek to introduce generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products for treatment of cataplexy and/or EDS in narcolepsy.  If one or more companies receive FDA approval of an ANDA for a generic version of Xyrem or a new drug application, or NDA, for other sodium oxybate products, it is possible that such company or companies could introduce generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products before our patents expire if they do not infringe our patents, if it is determined that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or if such company or companies decide, before applicable ongoing patent litigation is concluded, to launch a sodium oxybate product at risk of potentially being held liable for damages for patent infringement. 
  Seven companies have sent us notices that they have filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  Additional ANDAs could also be filed requesting approval to market generic versions of Xyrem.  If any of these applications is approved, and a generic version of Xyrem is introduced, our sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected.  We have filed lawsuits against the current ANDA filers seeking to prevent the introduction of a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents, but we cannot assure you that any of the lawsuits will prevent the introduction of a generic version of Xyrem for any particular length of time, or at all.  In the second quarter of 2016, we settled two of these lawsuits, granting the settling ANDA applicants a license to manufacture, market and sell their generic versions of Xyrem on or after December 31, 2025, or earlier depending on the occurrence of certain events.  The court in which our ANDA litigation is ongoing has determined that all of our pending patent litigation (other than our lawsuit filed in August 2016) against the first ANDA filer, Roxane, will be consolidated for trial and set trial in this consolidated case for the second quarter of 2017.  However, the actual timing of events may be earlier or later than we currently anticipate, and we cannot predict the timing or outcome of events in this or the other ANDA litigation proceedings. 
  Certain ANDA filers have filed petitions for IPR with respect to the validity of certain distribution, method of use and formulation patents covering Xyrem.  The PTAB instituted IPR trials with respect to patents and patent claims that are the subject of certain of these petitions.  In July 2016, the PTAB issued final decisions that the claims of six distribution system patents that were the subject of certain IPR trials are unpatentable; as a result, if the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upholds those decisions or if the time for appeal expires, these claims will be canceled.  For a description of these matters, see  Legal Proceedings  in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  We cannot predict whether additional post-grant patent review challenges will be filed by any of the ANDA filers or any other entity, the outcome of any pending IPR or other proceeding, the outcome of any appeal or rehearing of the July 2016 IPR decisions with respect to six patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem or the impact any IPR or other proceeding might have on ongoing ANDA litigation proceedings or other aspects of our Xyrem business. 
  In accordance with the Hatch-Waxman Act, as a result of our having filed a timely lawsuit against Roxane, FDA approval of Roxane s ANDA was stayed until April 2013, but that stay has expired.  We do not know the status of Roxane s ANDA and cannot predict what actions the FDA or Roxane may take with respect to Roxane s ANDA.  If Roxane s ANDA is approved by the FDA, Roxane may seek to launch a generic version of Xyrem prior to a District Court, or potential appellate court, decision in our ongoing patent litigation.  While, in the event of such commercialization, Roxane would be liable to us for damages in the event we ultimately prevail in the patent litigation, we expect that the introduction of generic competition for Xyrem would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    The manufacture, distribution and sale of Xyrem are subject to significant regulatory oversight and restrictions and the requirements of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, and these restrictions and requirements, as well as the potential impact of changes to these restrictions and requirements, subject us to increased risks and uncertainties, any of which could negatively impact sales of Xyrem    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  

Other companies could also develop products that are similar, but not identical, to Xyrem, such as an alternative formulation or an alternative formulation combined with a different delivery technology, and seek approval in the U.S. by referencing Xyrem and relying, to some degree, on the FDA s approval of Xyrem and related determinations of safety and efficacy.  For example, a company that is using its proprietary technology for delivery of a sodium oxybate formulation to eliminate second nighttime dosing for narcolepsy patients has stated that it is conducting a Phase 3 pivotal trial pursuant to an FDA-approved special protocol assessment.  If this company is successful in developing a sodium oxybate formulation that could be effectively used with its delivery technology and is able to obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for its product to treat narcolepsy patients, we expect the launch of such a product would compete directly with Xyrem and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.   
  A generic manufacturer or manufacturer of an alternative sodium oxybate product would need to obtain quotas from the DEA in order to manufacture in the U.S. both the active pharmaceutical ingredient and the finished product to compete with Xyrem.  The DEA limits the quantity of certain Schedule I controlled substances that may be produced or procured in the U.S. in any given calendar year through a quota system.  The commencement of manufacturing in the third quarter of 2016 at our new facility in Ireland where we are manufacturing Xyrem has reduced, but not eliminated, our dependence on DEA quotas.  We continue to purchase Xyrem from our U.S.-based Xyrem supplier.  Accordingly, we still require DEA quotas for our U.S.-based sodium oxybate supplier to procure sodium oxybate and for our U.S.-based Xyrem supplier to obtain the sodium oxybate from our U.S.-based sodium oxybate supplier to manufacture and supply us with Xyrem.  Because the DEA typically grants quotas on an annual basis, our U.S.-based sodium oxybate supplier and our U.S.-based Xyrem supplier are required to request and justify allocation of sufficient annual DEA quotas as well as additional DEA quotas if our commercial or clinical requirements exceed the allocated quotas throughout the year.  For the last few years, our suppliers were allocated only a portion of the published annual aggregate quota for the API.  Consequently, a generic manufacturer or manufacturer of an alternative sodium oxybate product may be able to obtain a portion of the annual aggregate API quota.  In the past, we have also had to engage in lengthy efforts to obtain the needed quotas after the original annual quotas had first been allocated.  For 2016, both our sodium oxybate supplier and our Xyrem supplier have been allocated most, but not all, of their respective requested quotas.  If, in the future, we and our suppliers cannot obtain the quotas that are needed on a timely basis, or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
  After any introduction of a generic competitor, a significant percentage of the prescriptions written for Xyrem may be filled with the generic version, resulting in a loss in sales of Xyrem.  Generic competition often also results in decreases in the prices at which branded products can be sold, particularly when there is more than one generic available in the marketplace.  In addition, certain U.S. state laws allow for, and in a few instances in the absence of specific instructions from the prescribing physician mandate, the dispensing of generic products rather than branded products where a generic version is available.  We expect that generic competition for Xyrem would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  For more information about potential competition for Xyrem, see the risk factor under the heading     We face substantial competition from other companies, including companies with greater resources, including larger sales organizations and more experience working with large and diverse product portfolios, than we have      in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  The manufacture, distribution and sale of Xyrem are subject to significant regulatory oversight and restrictions and the requirements of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, and these restrictions and requirements, as well as the potential impact of changes to these restrictions and requirements, subject us to increased risks and uncertainties, any of which could negatively impact sales of Xyrem.* 
  As a condition of approval of Xyrem, the FDA mandated that we maintain a risk management and controlled distribution system, or Xyrem Risk Management Program, in conjunction with Xyrem s approval by the FDA to ensure the safe distribution of Xyrem and minimize the risk of misuse, abuse and diversion of sodium oxybate.  The Xyrem Risk Management Program included elements such as patient and physician education, a database of information to track and report certain information, and the use of a single central pharmacy to distribute Xyrem.  The Xyrem Risk Management Program, adopted in 2002 before the FDA had authority to require REMS, was deemed to be an approved REMS pursuant to the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act, or FDAAA.  The FDAAA, which amended the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, required that deemed REMS and related documents be updated to comply with the current requirements for REMS documents.  Pursuant to the FDCA, we engaged with the FDA starting in 2008 to finalize our REMS documents for Xyrem, including initiating dispute resolution procedures with the FDA in February 2014.  On February 27, 2015, the FDA notified Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, of (i) the FDA s approval of the REMS for Xyrem in the form submitted by us in November 2014, which includes provisions requiring distribution through a single pharmacy, and (ii) the FDA s denial of our dispute resolution appeal as moot as a result of approval of the Xyrem REMS. 
  The Xyrem REMS approval letter included statements from the FDA that (i) the approval action should not be construed or understood as agreement with what the FDA stated was our position that dispensing through a single pharmacy is the only way to ensure that the benefits of Xyrem outweigh its risks, and that the FDA has continuing concerns that limiting the distribution of Xyrem to one pharmacy imposes burdens on patient access and the healthcare delivery system, and (ii) as with  
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

all REMS, the FDA intends to evaluate the Xyrem REMS on an ongoing basis and will require modifications as may be appropriate.  We cannot predict whether the FDA will seek to require or ultimately require modifications to the Xyrem REMS, including with respect to the distribution system (particularly if the FDA ultimately approves a separate REMS for any of the ANDA filers that differs in some aspects from the Xyrem REMS), or seek to otherwise impose or ultimately impose additional requirements to the Xyrem REMS, or the potential timing, terms or propriety thereof.  Any such modifications or additional requirements could potentially make it easier for ANDA applicants to obtain FDA approval of their ANDAs, make it more difficult or expensive for us to distribute Xyrem, make distribution easier for future generic competitors, impair the safety profile of Xyrem and/or negatively affect sales of Xyrem.  Moreover, a distribution system that is less restrictive than the Xyrem REMS may increase the risks associated with sodium oxybate distribution, as patients, consumers and others may not differentiate generic sodium oxybate from Xyrem, or differentiate between the different REMS programs.  Any negative outcomes, including but not limited to negative publicity, caused by or otherwise related to a separate REMS could have a significant negative impact in terms of product liability, goodwill, and prescribers  willingness to prescribe, and patients  willingness to take, Xyrem, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our Xyrem revenues.  
  In August 2015, we implemented the final Xyrem REMS, which was approved by the FDA in February 2015, and we have submitted and expect to continue to submit ongoing assessments as set forth in the FDA s Xyrem REMS approval letter.  However, we cannot guarantee that our implementation and ongoing assessments will be satisfactory to the FDA or that the Xyrem REMS will satisfy the FDA s expectations in its evaluation of the Xyrem REMS on an ongoing basis.  Any failure to comply with the REMS obligations could result in enforcement action by the FDA; lead to changes in our Xyrem REMS obligations; negatively affect sales of Xyrem; result in additional costs and expenses for us; and/or take a significant amount of time, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  While we have an exclusive agreement with Express Scripts Specialty Distribution Services, Inc., or Express Scripts, the central pharmacy for Xyrem, through June 2017, if the central pharmacy does not fulfill its contractual obligations to us, fails to meet the requirements of the Xyrem REMS applicable to the central pharmacy, provides timely notice that it wants to terminate our agreement, refuses or fails to adequately serve patients, or fails to promptly and adequately address operational challenges, whether expected or unexpected, the fulfillment of Xyrem prescriptions and our sales would be adversely affected.  If we change to a new central pharmacy, new contracts might be required with government and other insurers who pay for Xyrem, and the terms of any new contracts could be less favorable to us than current agreements.  In addition, any new central pharmacy would need to be registered with the DEA and would also need to implement the particular processes, procedures and activities necessary to distribute Xyrem under the Xyrem REMS.  Transitioning to a new pharmacy could result in product shortages, which would negatively affect sales of Xyrem, result in additional costs and expenses for us and/or take a significant amount of time, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  Section 505-1(i)(1) of the FDCA generally provides that (i) an ANDA that references a drug subject to a REMS with elements to assure safe use, or ETASU, is required to have a REMS with the same elements as the referenced drug, and (ii) the ANDA drug and the referenced drug shall use a single shared system to assure safe use.  However, the FDA may waive this requirement for a single shared system and approve an ANDA with a separate REMS with differing but comparable aspects of ETASU if the FDA either determines that the burden of creating a single shared system outweighs its benefit, or if the ANDA applicant certifies that it has been unable to obtain a license to any aspects of the REMS for the referenced drug that are covered by a patent or a trade secret.  The FDCA provides that the FDA may seek to negotiate a license between the ANDA applicant and the sponsor of the referenced drug before granting a waiver of the single shared system requirement. 
  We and the ANDA applicants had interactions with respect to developing a single shared REMS for several years.  The ANDA applicants are not currently engaging in single shared REMS discussions with us, but we have been seeking to continue the interactions with the goal of developing a single shared REMS.  However, we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, our interactions with the ANDA applicants will resume or whether we will develop a single shared REMS with the ANDA applicants.  We are aware that, separate from the discussions with us, the FDA and ANDA applicants have exchanged communications regarding a REMS for sodium oxybate.  If we and the ANDA applicants do not develop a single shared REMS, if we do not license or share intellectual property pertinent to our Xyrem REMS with generic competitors within a time frame or on terms that the FDA considers acceptable or if a generic competitor otherwise successfully petitions the FDA for a waiver of the shared REMS requirement, the FDA may assert that its waiver authority permits it to approve the ANDA of one or more generic competitors with a separate REMS that differs in some aspects from our approved Xyrem REMS.  The FDA has exercised this waiver authority in two instances of which we are aware, including most recently in connection with the May 2015 approval of   Roxane s   ANDA for a  losetron hydrochloride tablets as generic versions of Lotronex tablets.  This waiver was subject to the condition that the waiver-granted REMS system be open to all current and future sponsors of ANDAs or NDAs for alosetron hydrochloride products, and the FDA limited the grant of the waiver to a term of three years, subject to potential extension by the FDA.   
  
   54 

     Table of Contents  

We also may face pressure to develop a single shared REMS with potential generic competitors for Xyrem that is different from the approved Xyrem REMS or to license or share intellectual property pertinent to the Xyrem REMS, or elements of the Xyrem REMS, including proprietary data required for safe distribution of sodium oxybate, with generic competitors.  We cannot predict the outcome or impact on our business of any future action that we may take with respect to the development of a single shared REMS for sodium oxybate, licensing or sharing intellectual property pertinent to our Xyrem REMS or elements of the Xyrem REMS, or the FDA s response to a request by one or more ANDA applicants for a waiver of the requirement for a single shared REMS, including in connection with a certification that the applicant had been unable to obtain a license.  The FDA s response to any such request could include approval of one or more ANDAs.  In addition, there have been several recent proposals for federal legislation, including the Fair Access for Safe and Timely Generics Act of 2015 and the Creating and Restoring Equal Access to Equivalent Samples Act of 2016, or CREATES Act, to amend the statutory criteria regarding the development of a shared REMS, the standards for granting a waiver of the requirement of a shared REMS and/or potential penalties for failure to agree to conditions for a shared REMS.  We cannot predict whether any such federal legislation will be enacted or, if enacted, its impact on our business.  For more information, see the risk factors under the headings    If generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products that compete with Xyrem are approved and launched, sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected    and    We have incurred and expect to continue to incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patents, other intellectual property rights and related matters, and we may be unable to protect our rights to, or commercialize, our products    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  The Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, has been paying increasing attention to the use of REMS by companies selling branded products, in particular to whether a REMS may be deliberately being used to reduce the risk of competition from generic drugs in a way that may be deemed to be anticompetitive.  It is possible that the FTC, other governmental authorities or others could claim or determine that we are using the Xyrem REMS in an anticompetitive manner (including in light of the FDA s statement in the Xyrem REMS approval letter that the Xyrem REMS could be used in an anticompetitive manner inconsistent with applicable provisions of the FDCA) or have engaged in other anticompetitive practices.  The FDCA further states that a REMS ETASU shall not be used by an NDA holder to block or delay generic drugs from entering the market.  Several of the ANDA applicants have asserted that our patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem should not have been listed in the Orange Book and that the Xyrem REMS is blocking competition.  We cannot predict the outcome of these claims in the ongoing litigation, or the impact of any similar claims that may be made in the future. 
  As required by the FDA and other regulatory agencies, the adverse event information that we collect for Xyrem is regularly reported to the FDA and could result in the FDA requiring changes to Xyrem labeling or taking or requiring us to take other actions that could have an adverse effect on Xyrem s commercial success.  Our Xyrem REMS includes unique features that provide more extensive information about adverse events, including deaths, than is generally available for other products that are not subject to similar REMS requirements. 
  Any failure to demonstrate our substantial compliance with applicable regulatory requirements to the satisfaction of the FDA or any other regulatory authority could result in such regulatory authorities taking actions in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on Xyrem sales and therefore on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our products    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  The FDA has required that Xyrem s labeling include a boxed warning regarding the risk of central nervous system depression and misuse and abuse.  A boxed warning is the strongest type of warning that the FDA can require for a drug product and warns prescribers that the drug carries a significant risk of serious or even life-threatening adverse effects.  A boxed warning also means, among other things, that the product cannot be advertised through reminder ads, or ads that mention the pharmaceutical brand name but not the indication or medical condition it treats.  We cannot predict whether the FDA will require additional warnings, including boxed warnings, to be included on Xyrem s labeling.  Warnings in the Xyrem labeling and any limitations on our ability to advertise and promote Xyrem may have affected, and could in the future negatively affect, Xyrem sales and therefore our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
  While Xyrem remains our largest product, our success also depends on our ability to effectively commercialize our other products and, in the case of our newly acquired product candidate, Vyxeos, our ability to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. and Europe and, if approved, to successfully launch and commercialize Vyxeos.  Our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.* 
  In addition to Xyrem, we are commercializing a portfolio of products, including our other lead marketed products, Erwinaze and Defitelio, and we have made a significant investment in Vyxeos, which is currently not approved as a marketed product in any jurisdiction. 
  
   55 

     Table of Contents  

Erwinaze 
  Erwinaze (called Erwinase in markets outside the U.S.), a biologic product, is used in conjunction with chemotherapy to treat patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or ALL, with hypersensitivity to   E. coli  -derived asparaginase.  Erwinaze was approved by the FDA under a biologics license application, or BLA, and was launched in the U.S. in November 2011.  It is also being sold under marketing authorizations, named patient programs, temporary use authorizations or similar authorizations in multiple countries in Europe and elsewhere.  Erwinaze is licensed from and manufactured by a single source, Porton Biopharma Limited, or PBL, which is wholly owned by the U.K. Secretary of State for Health.  Our agreement with PBL, including our license, expires in December 2020, subject to five-year extensions unless terminated by either party in writing prior to a fixed date before the end of the then-current term.  We cannot predict whether the term of the agreement will be extended or, if extended, the terms of any such extension. 
  Erwinaze represents an important part of our strategy to grow sales of our existing products.  However, our ability to successfully and sustainably maintain or grow sales of Erwinaze is subject to a number of challenges, including the limited population of patients with ALL and the incidence of hypersensitivity reactions to   E. coli  -derived asparaginase within that population and our need to apply for and receive marketing authorizations, through the European Union s, or EU s, mutual recognition procedure or otherwise in certain additional countries so we can launch promotional efforts in those countries.  Another significant challenge to our ability to maintain current sales levels and to increase sales is our extremely limited inventory of Erwinaze, past supply interruptions and our need to minimize or avoid additional supply interruptions due to capacity constraints, production delays, quality or regulatory challenges and other manufacturing difficulties.  See the discussion regarding Erwinaze supply issues in the risk factor under the heading    We depend on single source suppliers for most of our products, product candidates and their active pharmaceutical ingredients.  The loss of any of these suppliers, or delays or problems in the supply of our products for commercial sale or our product candidates for use in our clinical trials, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  We also face numerous other risks that may impact Erwinaze sales, including regulatory risks, the development of new asparaginase treatments or treatment protocols that could reduce the rate of hypersensitivity in patients with ALL, the development of new treatment protocols for ALL that may not include asparaginase-containing regimens, difficulties with obtaining and maintaining favorable pricing and reimbursement arrangements, and potential competition from future biosimilar products.  In addition, if we fail to comply with our obligations under our agreement with the licensor and supplier of Erwinaze or lose rights to Erwinaze, including if our agreement terminates at the end of its current term in December 2020, or if we otherwise fail to maintain or grow sales of Erwinaze, our growth prospects could be negatively affected. 
  Defitelio 
  We made a significant investment in Defitelio in 2014, adding the product to our portfolio as a result of our acquisition of Gentium S.r.l, or Gentium, which we refer to as the Gentium Acquisition, and then securing worldwide rights to the product by acquiring rights to defibrotide in the Americas in August 2014.  We launched Defitelio in certain European countries in 2014 and continue to launch in additional European countries on a rolling basis.  On March 30, 2016, the FDA approved our NDA for Defitelio for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with hepatic veno-occlusive disease, or VOD, also known as sinusoidal obstruction syndrome, or SOS, with renal or pulmonary dysfunction following hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, or HSCT.  We launched Defitelio in the U.S. shortly after FDA approval, and our U.S. commercial launch is still at an early stage.   
  Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from this investment is subject to risks and uncertainties, including: 
             
    the acceptance of Defitelio in the U.S. by hospital pharmacy and therapeutics committees and the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement by government programs and third party payors; 
                
    U.S. market acceptance of Defitelio at its commercial price now that it is no longer available to new patients under an expanded access treatment protocol; 
                
    the lack of experience of U.S. physicians in diagnosing and treating VOD, particularly in adults, and the possibility that physicians may delay initiation of treatment or terminate treatment before the end of the recommended dosing schedule; 
                
    our ability to successfully maintain or grow sales of Defitelio in Europe; 
                
    delays or problems in the supply or manufacture of the product; 
                
    the limited size of the population of VOD patients who are indicated for treatment with Defitelio (particularly if changes in HSCT treatment protocols reduce the incidence of VOD); 
                
    our ability to meet the post-marketing commitments and requirements imposed by the FDA in connection with its approval of our NDA for Defitelio; and 
     
   56 

     Table of Contents  

our ability to obtain marketing approval in other countries and to develop the product for additional indications. 
     We are in the process of making pricing and reimbursement submissions with respect to Defitelio in certain European countries where Defitelio is not yet launched, including in countries where pricing and reimbursement approvals are required for launch.  We cannot predict the timing of Defitelio s launch in European countries where we are engaged in pricing and reimbursement submissions.  If we experience delays or unforeseen difficulties in obtaining favorable pricing and reimbursement approvals, planned launches in the affected European countries will be delayed, which could negatively impact anticipated revenue from Defitelio.  The process for obtaining pricing and reimbursement approvals is complex and can vary from country to country.  In addition, orphan products that have significant impact on patient survival, such as Defitelio, may be budgeted on a local rather than national level.  The balance of all of these factors will determine our ability to ultimately obtain favorable pricing and reimbursement approvals in the EU.  Many European countries periodically review their reimbursement classes, which could have an adverse impact on the reimbursement status of Defitelio.  We have developed estimates of anticipated pricing in the EU, which are based on our research and understanding of the product and target market.  However, due to efforts to provide for containment of health care costs, one or more countries may not support our estimated level of governmental pricing and reimbursement for Defitelio, particularly in light of the budget crises faced by a number of countries in the EU, which would negatively impact anticipated revenue from Defitelio.  Furthermore, after initial pricing and reimbursement approvals, reductions in prices and changes in reimbursement levels can be triggered by multiple factors, including reference pricing systems and publication of discounts by third party payors or authorities in other countries.  In the EU, prices can be reduced further by parallel distribution and parallel trade, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced countries.  If any of these events occurs, our anticipated revenue from Defitelio in the EU would be negatively affected.  If we are unable to obtain and maintain favorable pricing and reimbursement approvals in European countries that represent significant markets, especially where a country s reimbursed price influences other countries, our anticipated revenue from and growth prospects for Defitelio in the EU could be negatively affected.  In addition, our ability to commercialize Defitelio successfully in the U.S. will depend on, among other things, the availability of adequate coverage or reimbursement by U.S. government programs and third party payors. 
  The European Commission, or EC, granted marketing authorization to Defitelio under  exceptional circumstances  because it was not possible to obtain complete information about the product due to the rarity of the disease and because ethical considerations prevented conducting a study directly comparing Defitelio with best supportive care or a placebo.  A marketing authorization granted under exceptional circumstances is subject to approval conditions and an annual reassessment of the risk-benefit balance by European Medicines Agency, or EMA.  As a result, if we fail to meet the approval condition for Defitelio established by the EC, which requires that we set up a patient registry to investigate the long-term safety, health outcomes and patterns of utilization of Defitelio during normal use, or if it is determined that the balance of risks and benefits of using Defitelio changes materially, the EMA could vary, suspend or withdraw the marketing authorization for Defitelio.  In addition, the FDA imposed several post-marketing commitments and requirements in connection with its approval of our NDA for Defitelio in March 2016, including the requirement that we conduct a clinical trial to analyze the safety of defibrotide versus best supportive care in the prevention of VOD in adult and pediatric patients.  We may be unable to comply with these or other post-marketing obligations imposed as part of the marketing approvals for Defitelio.  If we fail to meet any of these post-marketing obligations, our sales of and revenues from Defitelio could be materially adversely affected, and our potential future maintenance and growth of the market for this product may be limited. 
  The size of the population of VOD patients who are indicated for treatment with Defitelio is limited, and changes in HSCT treatment protocols could reduce the incidence of VOD.  Changes in treatment protocols that reduce the incidence of VOD could adversely affect our anticipated revenues from Defitelio and our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  We are also assessing the potential for approval of defibrotide in other countries and for development of defibrotide in additional indications.  We cannot know when, if ever, defibrotide will be approved in any other country or under what circumstances, and what, if any, additional clinical or other development activities will be required in order to potentially obtain such regulatory approval and the cost associated with such required activities, if any.  If we fail to obtain approval for defibrotide in other countries or for new indications, or if any future approvals we receive are for narrower indications than we expect, our anticipated revenue from defibrotide and our growth prospects would be negatively affected. 
  Due to the limited amount of historical sales data from commercialization of Defitelio, our Defitelio sales will be difficult to predict from period to period.  As a result, Defitelio sales results or trends in any period are not necessarily indicative of future performance.  If sales of Defitelio do not reach the levels we expect, our anticipated revenue from Defitelio would be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  Vyxeos 
  In furtherance of our growth strategy, we have made a significant investment in Vyxeos through the Celator Acquisition.  Vyxeos is currently not approved as a marketed product in any jurisdiction.  We initiated a rolling submission of an NDA for  
  
   57 

     Table of Contents  

Vyxeos to the FDA in the third quarter of 2016.  We expect to complete the NDA submission in the first quarter of 2017 and to make a regulatory submission for Vyxeos in Europe in the second half of 2017. 
  Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from this investment is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 
             
    our ability to successfully obtain marketing approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. and Europe; 
                
    risks associated with developing products based on the CombiPlex technology platform that we acquired in the Celator Acquisition, such as Vyxeos, the first injectable fixed ratio, drug delivery combination oncology product that the FDA would potentially be considering for approval; 
                
    our ability to differentiate Vyxeos from other liposomal chemotherapies and generically available chemotherapy combinations with which physicians and treatment centers are more familiar; 
                
    the need to establish pricing and reimbursement support for Vyxeos in the event we are able to obtain marketing approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. or in other countries; 
                
    the acceptance of Vyxeos in the U.S. and other countries by hospital pharmacy and therapeutics committees and the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement by government programs and third party payors; 
                
    delays or problems in the supply or manufacture of the product, including with respect to the requirement of the third parties upon which we rely to manufacture Vyxeos and its APIs, to obtain the approval of the FDA and/or other regulatory authorities to manufacture Vyxeos; and 
                
    the limited size of the population of AML patients who may potentially be indicated for treatment with Vyxeos.  
     If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. or in Europe in a timely manner, or at all, or if sales of an approved Vyxeos product do not reach the levels we expect, our anticipated revenue from Vyxeos would be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  If we fail to maintain or increase prescriptions and revenue from sales of our products, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected.  We may choose to increase the price of our products, and price adjustments may negatively affect our sales volumes.  Also, sales of each of our products may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, depending on the number of patients receiving treatment, the availability of supply to meet the demand for the product, the dosing requirements of treated patients and other factors.      The market price of our ordinary shares may decline if sales of our products do not continue or grow at the rates anticipated by financial analysts or investors. 
  In addition, if we fail to obtain approvals for certain of our products in new indications or formulations, we will be unable to commercialize our products in new indications or formulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  We cannot predict whether historical revenues from named patient programs for our hematology/oncology products will continue or whether we will be able to continue to distribute those products on a named patient basis. 
  In certain European countries, reimbursement for products that have not yet received marketing authorization may be provided through national named patient programs.  Erwinase and Defitelio are available on a named patient basis in many countries where they are not commercially available.  Such reimbursement may cease to be available if authorization for a named patient program expires or is terminated.  While we generate revenue from the distribution of these products through named patient programs, we cannot predict whether historical revenues from these programs will continue, whether we will be able to continue to distribute our products on a named patient basis in these countries, whether we will be able to commercialize our products in countries where the products have historically been available on a named patient basis, or whether commercial revenues will exceed revenues historically generated from sales on a named patient basis.  Any failure to maintain revenues from sales of Erwinase and/or Defitelio on a named patient basis and/or to generate revenues from commercial sales of these products exceeding historical sales on a named patient basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.   
  We depend on single source suppliers for most of our products, product candidates and their active pharmaceutical ingredients.  The loss of any of these suppliers, or delays or problems in the supply of our products for commercial sale or our product candidates for use in our clinical trials, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.* 
  The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of process controls required to consistently produce the API and the finished product in sufficient quantities while meeting detailed product specifications on a repeated basis.  Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products may encounter difficulties in production, including difficulties with production costs and yields, process controls, quality control and quality  
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  

assurance, including testing of stability, impurities and impurity levels and other product specifications by validated test methods, and compliance with strictly enforced U.S., state and non-U.S. regulations.  If we or any of our third party suppliers encounter these or any other manufacturing, quality or compliance difficulties with respect to any of our products, particularly Xyrem and Erwinaze since we maintain limited inventories for these products, we may be unable to meet commercial demand for such products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  We have completed construction of a manufacturing and development facility in Ireland and commenced commercial operations at the facility in the third quarter of 2016, after receiving FDA approval of this facility in June 2016.  We are using this facility for the manufacture of Xyrem and plan to also use this facility for the manufacture of development-stage products.  However, other than with respect to Xyrem, for which we commenced manufacturing operations in our Ireland facility in the third quarter of 2016, and our manufacturing plant in Italy where we produce the defibrotide drug substance, we currently do not have our own commercial manufacturing capability for our products or product candidates, or their APIs, or the capability to package our products.  The availability of our products for commercial sale depends upon our ability to procure the ingredients, raw materials, packaging materials and finished products we need from third parties.  In part due to the limited market size for our products and product candidates, we have entered into supply and manufacturing agreements with our suppliers, each of which is currently our single source for each of our marketed products (other than Xyrem) and for the APIs used in some of these products.  These single source arrangements put us at risk of interruption in supply in the event of manufacturing, quality or compliance difficulties at our suppliers. 
  We maintain limited inventories of Xyrem and Erwinaze, as well as the ingredients or raw materials used to make them.  Our limited inventory puts us at significant risk of not being able to meet product demand, and we have experienced Erwinaze supply interruptions that have adversely affected sales volumes and revenues.  In addition, the DEA limits the quantity of certain Schedule I controlled substances that may be manufactured and procured in the U.S. in any given calendar year through a quota system.  The API of Xyrem, sodium oxybate, is a Schedule I controlled substance, production quantities of which are limited in the U.S. by the DEA through a quota system.  The commencement of manufacturing in the third quarter of 2016 at our new facility in Ireland where we produce Xyrem has reduced, but not eliminated, our dependence on DEA quotas.  We continue to purchase Xyrem from our U.S.-based Xyrem supplier.  Accordingly, we still require DEA quotas for our U.S.-based sodium oxybate supplier to procure sodium oxybate and for our U.S.-based Xyrem supplier to obtain the sodium oxybate from our U.S.-based sodium oxybate supplier to manufacture and supply us with Xyrem.  Because the DEA typically grants quotas on an annual basis, our U.S.-based sodium oxybate supplier and our U.S.-based Xyrem supplier are required to request and justify allocation of sufficient annual DEA quotas as well as additional DEA quotas if our commercial or clinical requirements exceed the allocated quotas throughout the year.  In the past, we have had to engage in lengthy efforts to obtain the needed quotas after the original annual quotas had first been allocated.  For 2016, both our U.S.-based sodium oxybate supplier and our U.S.-based Xyrem supplier have been allocated most, but not all, of their respective requested quotas.  If, in the future, we and our third party suppliers cannot obtain the quotas that are needed on a timely basis, or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
  Siegfried (USA) Inc., subsequently renamed Siegfried USA, LLC, or Siegfried, has been our sole supplier of sodium oxybate since 2012 and now supplies sodium oxybate, through a Siegfried affiliate in Europe, to our new manufacturing facility in Ireland.  We expect that Siegfried will continue to be our sole supplier of sodium oxybate for the foreseeable future, and we cannot assure you that Siegfried can or will continue to supply on a timely basis, or at all, sufficient quantities of API to enable the manufacture of the quantities of Xyrem that we need.  Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc., which we refer to together with its affiliates as Patheon, is our sole manufacturer and supplier of Xyrem in the U.S.  Although we have commenced manufacturing of Xyrem in our Ireland facility, we expect to rely on Patheon as a secondary supplier of Xyrem for the foreseeable future, and we cannot assure you that Patheon can or will continue to supply on a timely basis, or at all, the quantities of Xyrem that we need from Patheon.   
  Erwinaze is licensed from and manufactured by a single source, PBL, which is wholly owned by the U.K. Secretary of State for Health.  The FDA s approval of the BLA for Erwinaze includes a number of post-marketing commitments related to the manufacture of Erwinaze.  In March 2016, the FDA conducted an inspection of the PBL manufacturing facility and issued an FDA Form 483 to PBL that included observations related to a range of operational systems and processes.  PBL responded to the FDA Form 483 with its plan to address the observations made in the FDA Form 483, which will require remediation activities, and subsequently provided additional information in response to an FDA request.  We cannot predict whether the FDA will find PBL s responses or proposed remediation activities acceptable or whether the FDA will take further action or require PBL to take further action, with respect to the matters covered in the FDA Form 483.  Any such actions by the FDA could require PBL to engage in more extensive remediation activities than have been proposed by PBL, which could further strain manufacturing capacity.  PBL is subject to similar inspection and remediation requirements of the UK regulatory authority, MHRA.  Inability to comply with regulatory requirements, including failure by PBL to timely remediate the observations included in the FDA Form 483 or failure by us to demonstrate compliance with our obligations under the BLA, in each case to the FDA s satisfaction, and compliance with manufacturing-related post-marketing commitments that are part of the BLA approval, as well as other requirements monitored by the FDA or MHRA, could adversely affect Erwinaze supply,  
  
   59 

     Table of Contents  

particularly in light of our extremely limited product inventory, and could result in the issuance of a warning letter by the FDA or other enforcement actions by the FDA or MHRA, FDA or MHRA approval being revoked, product release being delayed or product recalls, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our sales of and revenues from Erwinaze and limit our potential future maintenance and growth of the market for this product.  In addition, if the FDA or any non-U.S. regulatory authority mandates any changes to the specifications for Erwinaze, we may face challenges having product produced to meet such specifications, and our supplier may increase its price to supply Erwinaze meeting such specifications, which may result in additional costs to us and may decrease any profit we would otherwise achieve with Erwinaze. 
  The current manufacturing capacity for Erwinaze is completely absorbed by demand for the product.  We are working with PBL to evaluate potential expansion of its production capacity to increase the supply of Erwinaze over the longer term and to address the production delays, quality challenges and related regulatory scrutiny.  As a consequence of constrained manufacturing capacity, we have had an extremely limited or no ability to build product inventory levels that can be used to absorb disruptions to supply resulting from quality, regulatory or other issues, and we have experienced product quality, manufacturing and inventory challenges that have resulted in disruptions in our ability to supply certain markets and caused us to implement batch-specific, modified product use instructions.  Most recently, we experienced supply interruptions of Erwinaze in the U.S. late in the third quarter of 2016 and also during October 2016, and we expect to experience another supply interruption in the fourth quarter of 2016.  We expect that we will continue to experience inventory and supply challenges, which have resulted, and may continue to result, in further temporary disruptions in our ability to supply certain markets, including the U.S., from time to time.  As capacity constraints and supply disruptions continue, whether as a result of continued quality or other manufacturing issues, regulatory issues or otherwise, we will be unable to build a desired excess level of product inventory, our ability to supply the market may continue to be compromised and physicians  decisions to use Erwinaze in the future are and may continue to be negatively impacted.  If quality or other manufacturing issues or regulatory difficulties occur and result in a disruption to supply or capacity constraints, we do not have the right to engage a backup supplier for Erwinaze except in very limited circumstances, such as following the termination of the agreement by us due to the uncured material breach or the cessation of manufacturing by our supplier.  If we are required to engage a backup or alternative supplier, the transfer of technical expertise and manufacturing process to the backup or alternative supplier would be difficult, costly and time-consuming, might not be successful and would increase the likelihood of a delay or interruption in manufacturing or a shortage of supply of Erwinaze.  If we fail to obtain a sufficient supply of Erwinaze, our sales of and revenues from Erwinaze, our potential future maintenance and growth of the market for this product, and/or our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
  We are our sole supplier of, and we believe that we are currently the sole worldwide producer of, the defibrotide drug compound.  We manufacture the defibrotide drug compound in a single facility located in Villa Guardia, near Como, Italy.  Patheon currently processes the defibrotide compound into its finished vial form, and Patheon is the sole provider of our commercial and clinical supply of Defitelio.  In 2015, the FDA issued an FDA Form 483 to Patheon Italia that included observations related to the Ferentino, Italy facility that manufactures Defitelio.  Although we are advised that Patheon Italia remediated the observations to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will continue to inspect and evaluate facilities for ongoing compliance with applicable requirements.  If Patheon does not or is not able to supply us with Defitelio for any reason, it may take time and resources to implement and execute the necessary technology transfer to another processor, and such delay could negatively impact our anticipated revenues from Defitelio and could potentially cause us to breach contractual obligations with customers or to violate local laws requiring us to deliver the product to those in need. 
  In addition, the API in Defitelio is derived from porcine DNA.  If our porcine DNA supplier experiences safety or other issues that impact its ability to supply porcine materials to us as needed, we may not be able to find alternative suppliers in a timely fashion, which could negatively impact our supply of Defitelio. 
  Vyxeos is manufactured using Celator s CombiPlex technology.  CombiPlex products represent formulations with increased manufacturing complexities associated with producing drug delivery vehicles encapsulating two or more drugs that are maintained at a fixed ratio and, in the case of Vyxeos, two drugs that are co-encapsulated in a freeze-dried format.  Vyxeos is manufactured by Baxter Oncology GmbH, or Baxter, which is a sole source supplier from a single site location.  Baxter successfully manufactured batches that were used in Celator s completed Phase 3 clinical trial for Vyxeos, but Baxter has experienced batch failures due to mechanical and component issues.  While other contract manufacturers may be able to produce Vyxeos, the proprietary technology that supports the manufacture of Vyxeos is not easily transferable.  Consequently, engaging an alternate manufacturer may be difficult, costly and time-consuming.  If Baxter does not deliver sufficient quantities of Vyxeos on a timely basis, whether due to batch failures or other delays, and in accordance with applicable specifications, our ability to successfully launch and commercialize an approved Vyxeos product and generate sales of this product at the level we expect could be materially and adversely affected.  
  Cytarabine and daunorubicin are the APIs in Vyxeos, and are available from a number of suppliers.  We are currently qualifying APIs from additional suppliers because the supplier from whom Celator previously obtained these APIs received a warning letter from the FDA which indicated that importation of API from this supplier may possibly be restricted in the future.   
  
   60 

     Table of Contents  

If the FDA restricts importation of API from this supplier, and we are unable to qualify API from additional suppliers in a timely manner or at all, our ability to successfully commercialize an approved Vyxeos product and generate sales of this product at the level we expect could be materially and adversely affected.  
  In order to conduct and complete our clinical program for JZP-110 or to potentially conduct future clinical trials for other product candidates, if any, we need to have sufficient quantities of clinical product manufactured and available for use.  There can be no assurance that our suppliers will be able to produce or provide sufficient clinical supplies of JZP-110 or other product candidates in a timely manner.  Any delay in receiving adequate supplies of JZP-110 or other product candidates for our studies could negatively impact our development programs. 
  Failure by us or our third party suppliers to comply with regulatory requirements could adversely affect our or their ability to supply products or ingredients.  All facilities and manufacturing techniques used for the manufacture of pharmaceutical products must be operated in conformity with applicable current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, requirements.  DEA regulations also govern facilities where controlled substances such as sodium oxybate are manufactured.  Our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing facilities of our suppliers have been and are subject to periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the EMA, the DEA, the Italian Health Authority and other regulatory authorities, including state authorities and similar authorities in other jurisdictions, to confirm compliance with cGMP and other requirements.  We and our third party suppliers must continually expend time, money and effort in production, record keeping and quality assurance and control to ensure that our products and product candidates meet applicable specifications and other requirements for product safety, efficacy and quality.  Failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements subjects us and our suppliers to possible legal or regulatory action, including restrictions on supply or shutdown, which may adversely affect our or a supplier s ability to supply the ingredients or finished products we need.  Moreover, our or our third party suppliers  facilities could be damaged by fire, flood, earthquake, power loss, telecommunication and information system failure, terrorism or similar events.  Any of these events could cause a delay or interruption in manufacturing and potentially a supply shortage of our products, which could negatively impact our anticipated revenues. 
  If, for any reason, our suppliers, including any new suppliers, do not continue to supply us with our products or product candidates in a timely fashion and in compliance with applicable quality and regulatory requirements, or otherwise fail or refuse to comply with their obligations to us under our supply and manufacturing arrangements, we may not have adequate remedies for any breach, and their failure to supply us could result in a shortage of our products or product candidates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  In addition, if one of our suppliers fails or refuses to supply us for any reason, it would take a significant amount of time and expense to qualify a new supplier.  The FDA and similar international regulatory bodies must approve manufacturers of the active and inactive pharmaceutical ingredients and certain packaging materials used in our products.  The loss of one of our suppliers could require us to obtain regulatory clearance in the form of a  prior approval supplement  and to incur validation and other costs associated with the transfer of the API or product manufacturing process.  We believe that it could take up to two years, or longer in certain cases, to qualify a new supplier, and we may not be able to obtain APIs or finished products from new suppliers on acceptable terms and at reasonable prices, or at all.  If there are delays in qualifying new suppliers or facilities or a new supplier is unable to obtain a sufficient quota from the DEA, if required, or to otherwise meet FDA or similar international regulatory body s requirements for approval, there could be a shortage of the affected products for the marketplace or for use in clinical studies, or both, particularly since we do not have secondary sources for supply and manufacture of the APIs for our products or backup suppliers for our finished products. 
  Our ability to develop and deliver products in a timely and competitive manner depends on our third party suppliers being able to continue to meet our ongoing commercial needs.  Any delay in supplying, or failure to supply, products or product candidates by any of our suppliers could result in our inability to meet the commercial demand for our products, or our needs for use in clinical trials, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  We have substantially expanded our international footprint and operations, and we may expand further in the future, but we do not yet have substantial historical experience in international markets and may not achieve the results that we, our shareholders or analysts who cover our business expect.* 
  We are headquartered in Dublin, Ireland and have multiple offices in the U.S., the United Kingdom, Italy and other countries in Europe.  Our headcount has grown to approximately 1,000 in November 2016.  This includes employees in 14 countries in North America and Europe, a European commercial presence, a complex distribution network for products in Europe and additional territories, and manufacturing facilities in Italy and Ireland.  In addition, we may expand our international operations into other countries in the future, either organically or by acquisition.  While we have acquired significant management and other personnel with substantial international experience, conducting our business in multiple countries subjects us to a variety of risks and complexities that may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects, including, among other things: 
             
    the increased complexity and costs inherent in managing international operations; 
     
   61 

     Table of Contents  

diverse regulatory, financial and legal requirements, and any future changes to such requirements, in one or more countries where we are located or do business; 
                
    country-specific tax, labor and employment laws and regulations; 
                
    applicable trade laws, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties or other trade restrictions and any changes to them; 
                
    challenges inherent in efficiently managing employees in diverse geographies, including the need to adapt systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs to differing labor and other regulations, as well as maintaining positive interactions with unionized employees in one of our international locations; 
                
    liabilities for activities of, or related to, our international operations, products or product candidates; 
                
    changes in currency rates; and 
                
    regulations relating to data security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information. 
     As a result of our rapid growth, our business and corporate structure has become substantially more complex.  There can be no assurance that we will effectively manage the increased complexity without experiencing operating inefficiencies or control deficiencies.  Significant management time and effort is required to effectively manage the increased complexity of our company, and our failure to successfully do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  In recent years, the global economy has been impacted by the effects of an ongoing global financial crisis, including the European sovereign debt crisis, which has caused extreme disruption in the financial markets, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability.  In addition, we expect to continue to grow our product sales in Europe.  Continuing worldwide economic instability, including challenges faced by the Eurozone and certain of the countries in Europe and the ongoing budgetary difficulties faced by a number of EU member states, including Greece and Spain, has led and may continue to lead to substantial delays in payment and payment partially with government bonds rather than cash for medicinal drug products, which could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. 
  In addition, on June 23, 2016, eligible members of the electorate in the United Kingdom decided by referendum to leave the EU, or Brexit.  We do not know to what extent, or when, Brexit or any other future changes to membership in the EU will impact our business, if at all.  In particular, our ability to conduct international business out of the United Kingdom may be materially and adversely affected.  
  The commercial success of our products depends upon their market acceptance by physicians, patients, third party payors and the medical community.* 
  Physicians may not prescribe our products, in which case we would not generate the revenues we anticipate from product sales.  Market acceptance of any of our products by physicians, patients, third party payors and the medical community depends on: 
             
    the clinical indications for which a product is approved, including any restrictions placed upon the product in connection with its approval, such as a REMS, patient registry or labeling restrictions; 
                
    the prevalence of the disease or condition for which the product is approved and its diagnosis, and the severity of side effects; 
                
    acceptance by physicians and patients of each product as a safe and effective treatment; 
                
    availability of sufficient product inventory to meet demand, particularly with respect to Erwinaze;  
                
    physicians  decisions relating to treatment practices based on availability of product inventory;  
                
    perceived advantages over alternative treatments; 
                
    relative convenience and ease of administration; 
                
    physician and patient assessment of the burdens associated with obtaining or maintaining the certifications required under the Xyrem REMS; 
                
    the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments, including generic products; 
                
    the extent to which the product is approved for inclusion on formularies of hospitals and managed care organizations; and 
                
    the conditions for reimbursement required by, and appropriate pricing and availability of reimbursement from, third party payors. 
     Because of our dependence upon market acceptance of our products, any adverse publicity associated with harm to patients or other adverse events resulting from the use or misuse of our products or any similar products distributed by other  
  
   62 

     Table of Contents  

companies, including generic versions of our products, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  For example, from time to time, there is negative publicity about illicit gamma-hydroxybutyrate, or GHB, and its effects, including with respect to illegal use, overdoses, serious injury and death.  Because sodium oxybate, the API in Xyrem, is a derivative of GHB, Xyrem sometimes also receives negative mention in publicity relating to GHB.  Patients, physicians and regulators may therefore view Xyrem as the same as or similar to illicit GHB.  In addition, there are regulators and some law enforcement agencies that oppose the prescription and use of Xyrem generally because of its connection to GHB.  Xyrem s label includes information about adverse events from GHB. 
  In addition, we have periodically increased the price of Xyrem and may do so again in the future.  We also have made and may in the future make similar price increases on our other products.  Price increases on our products and negative publicity regarding pricing and price increases generally, whether on our products or products distributed by other pharmaceutical companies, could negatively affect market acceptance of our products.  For additional discussion about payor acceptance, see the risk factor under the heading    Price approvals and reimbursement may not be available for our products, which could diminish our sales or affect our ability to sell our products profitably    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form   10 Q. 
  We may not be able to successfully identify and acquire, in-license or develop additional products or product candidates to grow our business, and, even if we are able to do so, we may not be able to successfully manage the risks associated with integrating any products or product candidates we may acquire in the future into our product portfolio, or we may otherwise fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions.* 
  We intend to grow our business over the long term by acquiring or in-licensing and developing additional products and product candidates that we believe have significant commercial potential.  Future growth through acquisition or in-licensing will depend upon the availability of suitable products and product candidates for acquisition or in-licensing on acceptable prices, terms and conditions. 
  Even if appropriate opportunities are available, we may not be able to successfully identify them, or we may not have the financial resources necessary to pursue them.  Other companies, many of which may have substantially greater financial, marketing and sales resources, compete with us for these opportunities.  In order to compete successfully to acquire attractive products or product candidates in the current business climate, we may have to pay higher prices for assets than may have been paid historically, which may make it more difficult for us to realize an adequate return on any acquisition.   
  Even if we are able to successfully identify and acquire, in-license or develop additional products or product candidates, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully manage the risks associated with integrating any products or product candidates or the risks arising from anticipated and unanticipated problems in connection with an acquisition or in-licensing.  We may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or in-licensing for a variety of reasons, including if:  
             
    we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate funding to complete the development of, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize an acquired product candidate; 
                
    a product candidate proves not to be safe or effective in later clinical trials; 
                
    a product fails to reach its forecasted commercial potential as a result of pricing pressures; 
                
    we experience negative publicity regarding actual or potential future price increases for that product or otherwise; or 
                
    the integration of a product or product candidate gives rise to unforeseen difficulties and expenditures. 
     Any failure in identifying and managing these risks and uncertainties effectively would have a material adverse effect on our business.   
  For example, in July 2016 we made a substantial investment in Celator through the Celator Acquisition.  The aggregate consideration for the Celator Acquisition was $1.5 billion.  The Celator Acquisition broadened our hematology/oncology portfolio with the acquisition of worldwide development and commercialization rights to Vyxeos.  Vyxeos is currently not approved as a marketed product in any jurisdiction.  While we have commenced a rolling submission for Vyxeos in the U.S. and plan to make a regulatory submission in Europe as well, there can be no guarantee that we will obtain approval in any jurisdiction in a timely manner, or at all.  If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for Vyxeos in the U.S. or Europe in a timely manner, or at all, or if sales of Vyxeos following regulatory approvals do not reach the levels we expect, our anticipated revenue from the product would be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  See also the discussion under the heading    While Xyrem remains our largest product, our success also depends on our ability to effectively commercialize our other products     and, in the case of our newly acquired product candidate, Vyxeos, our ability to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. and Europe and, if approved, to successfully launch and commercialize Vyxeos.  Our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects,    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  
   63 

     Table of Contents  

In addition, product and product candidate acquisitions create other uncertainties and risks, particularly when the acquisition takes the form of a merger or other business consolidation, such as the Celator Acquisition.  Our business acquisitions have required, and any similar future transactions will also require, significant efforts and expenditures, including with respect to transition activities and integrating the acquired business with our historical business.  We may encounter unexpected difficulties, or incur unexpected costs, in connection with potential acquisitions and similar transactions, which include: 
             
    high acquisition costs; 
                
    the need to incur substantial debt or engage in dilutive issuances of equity securities to pay for acquisitions;  
                
    the potential disruption of our historical core business; 
                
    the strain on, and need to continue to expand, our existing operational, technical, financial and administrative infrastructure; 
                
    the difficulties in assimilating employees and corporate cultures; 
                
    the failure to retain key managers and other personnel; 
                
    the challenges in controlling additional costs and expenses in connection with and as a result of any acquisition;  
                
    the need to write down assets or recognize impairment charges; 
                
    the diversion of our management s attention to integration of operations and corporate and administrative infrastructures; and 
                
    any unanticipated liabilities for activities of or related to the acquired business or its operations, products or product candidates. 
     If any of these or other factors impair our ability to integrate any acquired business efficiently and successfully, we may be required to spend time or money on integration activities that otherwise would be spent on the development and expansion of our business.  If we fail to integrate or otherwise manage an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, resulting operating inefficiencies could increase costs and expenses more than we planned, could negatively impact the market price of our ordinary shares and could otherwise distract us from the execution of our strategy.  Failure to maintain effective financial controls and reporting systems and procedures during and after integration of an acquired business could also impact our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements. 
  Conducting clinical trials is costly and time-consuming, and the outcomes are uncertain.  A failure to prove that our product candidates are safe and effective in clinical trials, or to generate data in clinical trials to support expansion of the therapeutic uses for our existing products, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.* 
  Since 2014, we have made significant investments into expanding our product development pipeline and expect to continue to increase our research and development organization.  Significant clinical, development and financial resources will be required to progress product candidates through clinical trials and the regulatory approval process to develop them into commercially viable products.  We have a number of product candidates under development.  We also intend to pursue clinical development of other product candidates that we may acquire or in-license in the future.  Any failure or delay in completing clinical trials for our product candidates would prevent or delay the commercialization of our product candidates, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  As a condition to regulatory approval, each product candidate must undergo extensive and expensive preclinical studies and clinical trials to demonstrate to a statistically significant degree that the product candidate is safe and effective.  The results at any stage of the development process may lack the desired safety, efficacy or pharmacokinetic characteristics.  Results of limited preclinical studies, including studies of our product candidates in animal models, may not predict the results of human clinical trials of those product candidates.  Similarly, results from early clinical trials may not be predictive of results obtained in later and larger clinical trials, and product candidates in later clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy despite having progressed successfully through initial clinical testing.  In that case, the FDA or any equivalent non-U.S. regulatory agency may determine our data is not sufficiently compelling to warrant marketing approval and may require us to engage in additional clinical trials or provide further analysis which may be costly and time-consuming.  A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry, including us, have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials, even in advanced clinical trials after showing positive results in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials.  For example, we are conducting three Phase 3 clinical trials for JZP-110, a late-stage investigational compound being developed for potential treatment of excessive sleepiness, or ES, in patients with narcolepsy and ES in patients with obstructive sleep apnea, or OSA.  We expect preliminary data from the trials in patients with ES associated with OSA in the first quarter of 2017 and from the trial in patients with ES associated with narcolepsy in the second quarter of 2017.  Further, these results may not be positive, and we may be unable to  
  
   64 

     Table of Contents  

complete these clinical trials in a timely manner or submit an NDA to the FDA on our anticipated timeline, or at all.  If a product candidate, including JZP-110, fails at any stage of development, it will not receive regulatory approval, we will not be able to commercialize it, and we will not receive any return on our investment in that product candidate. 
  Our development pipeline projects may not be successful, and any adverse events or other information generated during the course of studies related to existing products could result in action by the FDA or a non-U.S. regulatory agency, which may restrict our ability to sell, or adversely affect sales of, currently marketed products, or such events or other information could otherwise have a material adverse effect on a related commercial product.  Any failure or delay in completing clinical trials for line extensions or the generation of additional clinical data could materially and adversely affect the maintenance and growth of the markets for the related marketed products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and overall growth prospects. 
  In addition to issues relating to the results generated in clinical trials, clinical trials can be delayed or halted for a variety of reasons, including: 
             
    delays or failures in obtaining regulatory authorization to commence a trial because of safety concerns of regulators relating to our product candidates or similar product candidates of our competitors or failure to follow regulatory guidelines; 
                
    delays or failures in obtaining clinical materials and manufacturing sufficient quantities of the product candidate for use in trials; 
                
    delays or failures in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective study sites; 
                
    delays or failures in obtaining approval of our clinical trial protocol from an institutional review board, also known as Ethics Committees in Europe, to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective study site; 
                
    delays or failures in recruiting patients to participate in a clinical trial; 
                
    failure of our clinical trials and clinical investigators to be in compliance with the FDA and other regulatory agencies  good clinical practice guidelines; 
                
    unforeseen safety issues, including negative results from ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials and adverse events associated with product candidates; 
                
    inability to monitor patients adequately during or after treatment; 
                
    difficulty monitoring multiple study sites; 
                
    failure of our third party clinical trial managers to satisfactorily perform their contractual duties, comply with regulations or meet expected deadlines; or 
                
    insufficient funds to complete the trials. 
     We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials, and if they do not properly and successfully perform their legal and regulatory obligations, as well as their contractual obligations to us, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates. 
  We rely on contract research organizations and other third parties to assist us in designing, managing, monitoring and otherwise carrying out our clinical trials, including with respect to site selection, contract negotiation and data management.  We do not control these third parties, and, as a result, they may not treat our clinical studies as a high priority, or in the manner in which we would prefer, which could result in delays.  We are responsible for confirming that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with its general investigational plan and protocol, as well as the FDA s and non-U.S. regulatory agencies  requirements, commonly referred to as good clinical practices, for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to ensure that the data and results are credible and accurate and that the trial participants are adequately protected.  The FDA and non-U.S. regulatory agencies enforce good clinical practices through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites.  If we, contract research organizations or other third parties assisting us or our study sites fail to comply with applicable good clinical practices, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or its non-U.S. counterparts may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications.  We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA or non-U.S. regulatory agencies will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with good clinical practices.  In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under the FDA s cGMP regulations and similar regulations outside of the U.S.  Our failure, or the failure of our product suppliers, to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat or redesign clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 
  If third parties do not successfully carry out their duties under their agreements with us, if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, including dosing requirements, or regulatory requirements, or if they otherwise fail to comply with clinical trial protocols or meet expected deadlines, our clinical trials may  
  
   65 

     Table of Contents  

not meet regulatory requirements.  If our clinical trials do not meet regulatory requirements or if these third parties need to be replaced, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated.  If any of these events occur, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or succeed in our efforts to create approved line extensions for certain of our existing products or generate additional useful clinical data in support of these products. 
  We face substantial competition from other companies, including companies with greater resources, including larger sales organizations and more experience working with large and diverse product portfolios, than we have.* 
  The commercial potential of our current products and any future products may be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop or acquire and commercialize generic or branded products that are safer or more effective, have fewer side effects, are easier to administer or are less expensive than our products.  The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and dominated by a number of large, established pharmaceutical companies, as well as specialty pharmaceutical companies that market products and develop product candidates in sleep, hematology/oncology, pain and other therapeutic areas.  Many of our competitors, particularly large pharmaceutical and life sciences companies, have substantially greater financial, operational and human resources than we do.  They can spend more on, and have more expertise in, research and development, regulatory, manufacturing, distribution and sales activities.  As a result, our competitors may obtain FDA or other regulatory approvals for their product candidates more rapidly than we may and may market their products more effectively than we do.  Smaller or earlier stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through focused development programs and collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. 
    While Xyrem is currently the only product approved by the FDA for the treatment of both cataplexy and EDS in patients with narcolepsy, cataplexy is often treated with tricyclic antidepressants and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, even though these products are not approved by the FDA for the treatment of cataplexy.  Other treatments for EDS in patients with narcolepsy include stimulants and wakefulness promoting agents, such as Provigil        (modafinil) and Nuvigil        (armodafinil), as well as generic versions of Provigil, the only other FDA-approved products for the treatment of EDS in patients with narcolepsy.  Provigil, its generic equivalents and Nuvigil are also approved for improving wakefulness in patients with EDS associated with treated OSA or shift work disorder.  We are also aware of products being developed by others for use as treatment options in cataplexy and/or EDS in patients with narcolepsy, including a product to treat adult patients with narcolepsy with or without cataplexy that recently received marketing approval in Europe.  While this product is currently not approved by the FDA for marketing in the U.S. or, to our knowledge, subject to a pending application for such approval, the receipt of marketing approval and commercialization of this product in the U.S. for the treatment of narcolepsy could negatively impact our ability to maintain and grow sales of Xyrem.   
  While there is currently no direct competition to Erwinaze to treat ALL patients with hypersensitivity to   E. coli  -derived asparaginase, other companies have developed or are developing new treatments for ALL, including new asparaginase treatments that could reduce the rate of hypersensitivity in patients with ALL, and new treatment protocols are being developed for ALL that may not include asparaginase-containing regimens.  For example, a number of companies are developing new immunotherapy treatments for relapsed or refractory ALL patients, including one treatment that was recently approved, and a company recently announced positive efficacy and safety results from its completed Phase 2/3 pivotal trial in Europe for an alternative asparaginase treatment consisting of L-asparaginase encapsulated inside donor-derived red blood cells.  The development of these new treatments could negatively impact our ability to maintain and grow sales of Erwinaze in patient populations where the benefit of an asparaginase-containing regimen is not well established. 
  With respect to Vyxeos, we are aware of other products being developed for use as treatment options for AML patients, including in different patient populations (i.e., relapsed or refractory patients and patients who are deemed unsuitable for intensive chemotherapy) than were studied in the Vyxeos Phase 3 clinical trial.  However, it is possible that products may be developed to treat the patient population studied in the Vyxeos Phase 3 clinical trial.  The development of competing products for the treatment of patients in the patient population studied in the Vyxeos Phase 3 clinical trial or similar patient populations could negatively impact our ability to successfully launch and commercialize an approved Vyxeos product and achieve the level of sales we expect, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  In addition, many of our competitors are able to deploy more personnel to market and sell their products than we do.  We currently have a relatively small number of sales representatives compared with the number of sales representatives of most other pharmaceutical companies with marketed products.  Each of our sales representatives is responsible for a territory of significant size.  The continued growth of our current products and the launch of any future products may require expansion of our sales force and sales support organization, and we may need to commit significant additional funds, management and other resources to the growth of our sales organization.  We may not be able to achieve any necessary growth in a timely or cost-effective manner or realize a positive return on our investment, and we may not have the financial resources to achieve the necessary growth in a timely manner or at all.  In particular, we compete with a significant number of pharmaceutical and life sciences companies with extensive sales, marketing and promotional experience in hematology/oncology markets, and our failure to compete effectively in this area could negatively affect our sales of Erwinaze, Defitelio and other products.  We also  
  
   66 

     Table of Contents  

have to compete with other pharmaceutical and life sciences companies to recruit, hire, train and retain sales and marketing personnel, and turnover in our sales force and marketing personnel could negatively affect sales of our products.  If our specialty sales force and sales organization are not appropriately sized to adequately promote any current or potential future products, the commercial potential of our current products and any future products may be diminished. 
  We also face competition, and may in the future face additional competition, from manufacturers of generic drugs.  Generic competition often results in decreases in the prices at which branded products can be sold, particularly when there is more than one generic available in the marketplace.  In addition, legislation enacted in the U.S. allows for, and in a few instances in the absence of specific instructions from the prescribing physician mandates, the dispensing of generic products rather than branded products where a generic version is available.  Other companies could also develop products that are similar, but not identical, to our marketed products, such as an alternative formulation of our product or an alternative formulation combined with a different delivery technology, and seek approval in the U.S. by referencing our products and relying, to some degree, on the FDA s finding that our products are safe and effective.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    If generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products that compete with Xyrem are approved and launched, sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  Our products and product candidates may also compete in the future with new products currently under development by others.  Any products that we develop are likely to be in a highly competitive market, and many of our competitors may succeed in developing products that may render our products obsolete or noncompetitive. 
  Our ability to continue to grow further requires that we compete successfully with specialty pharmaceutical companies for product and product candidate acquisition and in-licensing opportunities.  These competitors include established companies that may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size and financial resources. 
  If we fail to attract, retain and motivate key personnel or to retain the members of our executive management team, our operations and our future growth may be adversely affected. 
  Our success and our ability to grow depend in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified personnel and on our ability to develop and maintain important relationships with leading academic institutions, clinicians and scientists.  We are highly dependent upon our executive management team and other critical personnel, all of whom work on many complex matters that are essential to our success.  We do not carry  key person  insurance.  The loss of services of one or more members of our executive management team or other key personnel could delay or prevent the successful completion of some of our vital activities.  Any employee may terminate his or her employment at any time without notice or with only short notice and without cause or good reason.  The resulting loss of institutional knowledge may negatively impact our operations and future growth. 
  In addition, to grow our company we will need additional personnel.  Competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical industry is very intense.  If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate quality individuals, including in our research and development operations, which are continuing to expand, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
  We also depend on the unique abilities, industry experience and institutional knowledge of the members of our board of directors to efficiently set company strategy and effectively guide our executive management team.  We cannot be certain that future board turnover will not negatively affect our business. 
  Significant disruptions of information technology systems or data security breaches could adversely affect our business. 
  We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure, including mobile technologies, to operate our business.  In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information.  It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information.  We have also outsourced elements of our operations (including elements of our information technology infrastructure) to third parties, and as a result we manage a number of third party vendors who may or could have access to our confidential information.  The size and complexity of our information technology systems, and those of third party vendors with whom we contract, and the large amounts of confidential information stored on those systems, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third party vendors, and/or business partners, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties.  Cyber-attacks     are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity.  Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information.  From time to time, our systems have been subject to cyber-attacks. 
  Significant disruptions of our information technology systems or security breaches could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss, misappropriation, and/or unauthorized access, use or disclosure of, or the prevention of access to, confidential information (including trade secrets or other intellectual property, proprietary business information and  
  
   67 

     Table of Contents  

personal information), and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us.  Any such event that leads to unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal information, including personal information regarding our patients or employees, could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with federal and/or state breach notification laws and foreign law equivalents, subject us to mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy and security of personal information, which could disrupt our business, result in increased costs or loss of revenue, and/or result in significant legal and financial exposure.  In addition, security breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm of the type described above.  Moreover, the prevalent use of mobile devices to access confidential information increases the risk of security breaches.  While we have implemented security measures to protect our information technology systems and infrastructure, there can be no assurance that such measures will prevent service interruptions or security breaches that could adversely affect our business. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
  It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights, and we may not be able to ensure their protection.* 
  Our commercial success depends in part on obtaining and maintaining patent protection of our products and product candidates and their use and the methods used to manufacture and distribute them, as well as successfully defending these patents against third party challenges, and successfully protecting our trade secrets.  Our ability to protect our products and product candidates from unauthorized making, using, selling, offering to sell or importation by third parties depends on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or have trade secrets that cover these activities.  We cannot be certain that any of our patent applications, or those of our licensors, will result in issued patents, that the patents we own and license, or any additional patents we may own or license, will prevent other companies from developing similar or therapeutically equivalent products, or that others will not be issued patents that may prevent the sale of our products or require licensing and the payment of significant fees or royalties. 
  The patent position of pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal, regulatory and factual questions.  We own a portfolio of U.S. and non-U.S. patents and patent applications and have licensed rights to a number of issued patents and patent applications that cover or relate to our products and product candidates, including Xyrem, Defitelio and Vyxeos.  Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the U.S. and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property.  Even if we are able to obtain patents covering our products and product candidates, any patent may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented, potentially including by FDA approval of an ANDA that avoids infringement of our intellectual property. 
  On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, was signed into law.  The final substantive provisions of the America Invents Act, including the first to file system, became effective on March 16, 2013.  The America Invents Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law.  These changes include provisions that affect the way patent applications are being filed, prosecuted and litigated.  For example, the America Invents Act enacted proceedings involving post-issuance patent review procedures, such as IPR and other post grant reviews.  These proceedings are conducted before the PTAB.  Each proceeding has different eligibility criteria and different patentability challenges that can be raised.  The IPR process permits any person (except a party who has sued on the patent for more than a year) to challenge the validity of the patent on the grounds that it was anticipated or made obvious by prior art.  The America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  We cannot predict what impact, if any, amendments to the America Invents Act or other patent-related legislation, or judicial decisions interpreting such legislation, will have on such uncertainties and costs. 
  Although Xyrem is covered by patents covering its formulation, distribution system and method of use, third parties are seeking to introduce generic versions of Xyrem, and additional third parties may also attempt to invalidate or design around the patents, or assert that they are invalid or otherwise unenforceable, and seek to introduce generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products for treatment of cataplexy and/or EDS in narcolepsy.  If one or more companies receive FDA approval of an ANDA for generic versions of Xyrem or an NDA for other sodium oxybate products, it is possible that such company or companies could introduce generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products before our patents expire, if it is determined that our patents are invalid, unenforceable or non-infringed, or if such company or companies decide, before applicable ongoing patent litigation is concluded, to launch competition to Xyrem at risk of potentially being held liable for damages for patent infringement. 
  Seven companies have sent us notices that they have filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  Additional ANDAs could also be filed requesting approval to market generic versions of Xyrem.  If any of these applications is approved, and a generic version of Xyrem is introduced, our sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected.   
  
   68 

     Table of Contents  

We have filed lawsuits against the current ANDA filers seeking to prevent the introduction of a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents, but we cannot assure you that any of the lawsuits will prevent the introduction of a generic version of Xyrem for any particular length of time, or at all.  In the second quarter of 2016, we settled two of these lawsuits, granting the settling ANDA applicants a license to manufacture, market and sell their generic versions of Xyrem on or after December 31, 2025, or earlier depending on the occurrence of certain events.  The court in which our ANDA litigation is ongoing has determined that all of our pending patent litigation (other than our lawsuit filed in August 2016) against the first ANDA filer, Roxane, will be consolidated for trial and set trial in this consolidated case for the second quarter of 2017.  However, the actual timing of events may be earlier or later than we currently anticipate, and we cannot predict the timing or outcome of events in this or the other ANDA litigation proceedings.   
  Certain ANDA filers have filed petitions for IPR with respect to the validity of certain distribution, method of use and formulation patents covering Xyrem.  The PTAB instituted IPR trials with respect to patents and patent claims that are the subject of certain of these petitions.  In July 2016, the PTAB issued final decisions that the claims of six distribution system patents that were the subject of certain IPR trials are unpatentable; as a result, if the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upholds those decisions or if the time for appeal expires, these claims will be canceled.  For a description of these matters, see  Legal Proceedings  in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  We cannot predict whether additional post-grant patent review challenges will be filed by any of the ANDA filers or any other entity, the outcome of any pending IPR or other proceeding, the outcome of any appeal or rehearing of the July 2016 IPR decisions with respect to six patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem or other proceeding might have on ongoing ANDA litigation proceedings or other aspects of our Xyrem business. 
  A company that is using its proprietary technology for delivery of a sodium oxybate formulation to eliminate second nighttime dosing for narcolepsy patients has stated that it is conducting a Phase 3 pivotal trial pursuant to an FDA-approved special protocol assessment.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    If generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products that compete with Xyrem are approved and launched, sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  The existence of a patent will not necessarily prevent other companies from developing similar or therapeutically equivalent products or protect us from claims of third parties that our products infringe their issued patents, which may require licensing and the payment of significant fees or royalties.  Competitors may successfully challenge our patents, produce similar products that do not infringe our patents, or manufacture products in countries where we have not applied for patent protection or that do not respect our patents.  Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents, our licensed patents or in third party patents. 
  The degree of future protection to be afforded by our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage.  For example: 
             
    others may be able to make products that are similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of our patents, or for which we are not licensed under our license agreements; 
                
    we or our licensors or partners might not have been the first to invent or file, as appropriate, subject matters covered by our issued patents or pending patent applications or the pending patent applications or issued patents of our licensors or partners; 
                
    others may independently develop similar or alternative products without infringing our intellectual property rights; 
                
    our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents; 
                
    our issued patents and the issued patents of our licensors or partners may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by third parties; 
                
    our issued patents may not cover our competitors  products; 
                
    our issued patents and the issued patents of our licensors or partners may be vulnerable to legal challenges as a result of changes in applicable law; 
                
    we may not develop additional proprietary products that are patentable; or 
                
    the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 
     We also may rely on trade secrets and other unpatented proprietary information to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable.  However, trade secrets are difficult to protect.  Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets and other unpatented proprietary information, our employees, consultants, advisors and partners may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information to competitors, and we may not have adequate remedies for such disclosures. 
  
   69 

     Table of Contents  

If our employees, consultants, advisors and partners develop inventions or processes independently, or jointly with us, that may be applicable to our products under development, disputes may arise about ownership or proprietary rights to those inventions and processes.  Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using any of our inventions or trade secrets is expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable.  In addition, courts outside of the U.S. are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets.  Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. 
  Certain of the products we sell have no patent protection and, as a result, potential competitors face fewer barriers in introducing competing products.  We rely on trade secrets and other unpatented proprietary information to protect our commercial position with respect to such products, which we may be unable to do.  In some instances, we also rely on regulatory exclusivity.  For example, Erwinaze has no patent protection.  In addition to protection using trade secrets, Erwinaze has orphan drug exclusivity in the U.S. for a seven-year period from its FDA approval, which precludes approval of another product with the same principal molecular structure for the same indication until November 2018.  Erwinaze, as a biologic product approved under a BLA, is also subject to the U.S. Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act, or BPCIA.  We believe that Erwinaze is protected by exclusivity that prevents approval of a biosimilar in the U.S. through late 2023 under the BPCIA.  Because the BPCIA is a relatively new law, we anticipate that its impact on both reference product sponsors and biosimilar applicants will evolve over a period of years.  Its implementation likely will be shaped by a variety of factors, including FDA issuance of guidance documents, proposed regulations, and decisions in the course of considering specific applications.  As a result, it is possible that a potential competing drug product might obtain FDA approval before the orphan drug and expected BCPIA exclusivity periods have expired, which would adversely affect sales of Erwinaze.  In the EU, the regulatory data protection and thus regulatory exclusivity period for Erwinase has lapsed.  This also means that any new marketing authorizations for Erwinase in other EU member states will not receive any regulatory data protection.  If a biosimilar product to Erwinaze is approved as interchangeable to Erwinaze in the U.S. or in other countries where Erwinaze is sold, a significant percentage of the prescriptions that would have been written for Erwinaze may be filled with the biosimilar version, resulting in a loss in sales of Erwinaze, and there may be a decrease in the price at which Erwinaze can be sold.  Competition from a biosimilar product to Erwinaze could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  Our research and development collaborators may have rights to publish data and other information to which we have rights.  In addition, we sometimes engage individuals or entities to conduct research that may be relevant to our business.  While the ability of these individuals or entities to publish or otherwise publicly disclose data and other information generated during the course of their research is subject to contractual limitations, these contractual provisions may be insufficient or inadequate to protect our trade secrets and may impair our patent rights.  If we do not apply for patent protection prior to such publication, or if we cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality of our innovations and other confidential information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or protect our proprietary information may be jeopardized.  Moreover, a dispute may arise with our research and development collaborators over the ownership of rights to jointly developed intellectual property.  Such disputes, if not successfully resolved, could lead to a loss of rights and possibly prevent us from pursuing certain new products or product candidates. 
  We have incurred and expect to continue to incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patents, other intellectual property rights and related matters, and we may be unable to protect our rights to, or commercialize, our products.* 
  Our ability, and that of our partners, to commercialize any approved products will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain patents, enforce those patents and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties.  The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions.  We have filed multiple U.S. patent applications and non-U.S. counterparts, and may file additional U.S. and non-U.S. patent applications.  There can be no assurance that any issued patents we own or control will provide sufficient protection to conduct our business as presently conducted or as proposed to be conducted.  Moreover, for a variety of reasons, including the existence of relevant prior research performed and the existence of conflicting patent applications submitted in the same manner or similar fields, there can be no assurance that any patents will issue from the patent applications owned by us, or that we will remain free from infringement claims by third parties. 
  If we choose to go to court to stop a third party from infringing our patents, our licensed patents or our partners  patents, that third party has the right to ask the court, or to argue in front of an administrative agency, to rule that these patents are invalid and/or should not be enforced.  These lawsuits and administrative proceedings are expensive and consume time and other resources, and we may not be successful in these proceedings or in stopping infringement.  There is also a risk that a court will decide that these patents are not valid or infringed, or that the PTAB will decide that certain patents are not valid, and that we do not have the right to stop a third party from using the patented subject matter.  Litigation involving patent matters is frequently settled between the parties, rather than continuing to a court ruling.  If we were to settle a patent lawsuit with a generic pharmaceutical company, we could be subject to investigations by the FTC or other antitrust enforcement agencies or  
  
   70 

     Table of Contents  

government or private-party lawsuits.  The FTC has publicly stated that, in its view, certain types of agreements between brand and generic pharmaceutical companies related to the settlement of patent litigation or the manufacture, marketing and sale of generic versions of branded drugs violate the antitrust laws and has commenced investigations and brought actions against some companies that have entered into such agreements.  In particular, the FTC has expressed its intention to take aggressive action to challenge settlements that include an alleged transfer of value from the brand company to the generic company (so-called  pay for delay  patent litigation settlements) and to call on legislators to pass stronger laws prohibiting such settlements.  Because there is currently no precise legal standard with respect to the lawfulness of such settlements, there could be extensive litigation over whether any settlement that we might enter into constitutes a reasonable and lawful patent settlement.  Any such investigations or lawsuits, and the outcome thereof, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  Seven companies have sent us notices that they have filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Xyrem.  Additional ANDAs could also be filed requesting approval to market generic versions of Xyrem.  If any of these applications is approved, and a generic version of Xyrem is introduced, our sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected.  We have filed lawsuits against the current ANDA filers seeking to prevent the introduction of a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe our patents, but we cannot assure you that any of the lawsuits will prevent the introduction of a generic version of Xyrem for any particular length of time, or at all.  In the second quarter of 2016, we settled two of these lawsuits, granting the settling ANDA applicants a license to manufacture, market and sell their generic versions of Xyrem on or after December 31, 2025, or earlier depending on the occurrence of certain events.  The court in which our ANDA litigation is ongoing has determined that all of our pending patent litigation (other than our lawsuit filed in August 2016) against the first ANDA filer, Roxane, will be consolidated for trial and set trial in this consolidated case     for the second quarter of 2017.  However, the actual timing of events may be earlier or later than we currently anticipate, and we cannot predict the timing or outcome of events in this or the other ANDA litigation proceedings.  Certain ANDA filers have also filed petitions for IPR with respect to the validity of certain distribution, method of use and formulation patents covering Xyrem.  The PTAB instituted IPR trials with respect to patents and patent claims that are the subject of certain of these petitions.  In July 2016, the PTAB issued final decisions that the claims of six distribution system patents that were the subject of certain IPR trials are unpatentable; as a result, if the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upholds those decisions or if the time for appeal expires, these claims will be canceled.  For a description of these matters, see  Legal Proceedings  in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  In addition, the IPR process under the America Invents Act permits any person, whether they are accused of infringing the patent at issue or not, to challenge the validity of certain patents.  As a result, entities associated with hedge funds have challenged valuable pharmaceutical patents through the IPR process.  We cannot predict whether additional post-grant patent review challenges will be filed by any of the ANDA filers or any other entity, the outcome of any pending IPR or other proceeding, the outcome of any appeal or rehearing of the July 2016 IPR decisions with respect to six patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem or the impact any IPR or other proceeding might have on ongoing ANDA litigation proceedings or other aspects of our Xyrem business.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights, and we may not be able to ensure their protection    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.      We cannot assure you that our pending lawsuits, other lawsuits or proceedings we may file in the future, or our defense against any lawsuits or other proceeding that have been or will be brought against us will be successful in stopping the infringement of our patents, that any such litigation or other proceedings will be cost-effective, or that any of them will have a satisfactory result for us. 
  A third party may claim that we or our manufacturing or commercialization partners are using inventions covered by the third party s patent rights, or that we or such partners are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating other intellectual property rights, and may go to court to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and activities, including making or selling our products.  Such lawsuits are costly and could affect our results of operations and divert the attention of management and development personnel.  There is a risk that a court could decide that we or our partners are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third party patent or other intellectual property rights, which could be very costly to us and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  In the pharmaceutical and life sciences industry, like other industries, it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods.  The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform.  If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our products or methods do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent and/or that the patent claims are invalid or unenforceable, which we may not be able to do. 
  Because some patent applications in the U.S. may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, because patent applications in the U.S. and many non-U.S. jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after their priority date, and because publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for inventions covered by our or our licensors  issued patents or pending applications, or that we or our licensors were the first inventors.  Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering subject matter similar to ours.  Any such patent application may have priority over our or our licensors  patents or applications and could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such subject matter.  If another party has filed a U.S.  
  
   71 

     Table of Contents  

patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, to determine priority of invention in the U.S.  The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such inventions.  Patent interferences are limited or unavailable for patent applications filed after March 16, 2013. 
  Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent and other intellectual property litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources.  In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 
  We own patents that cover, among other things, the formulation and method of use covering the administration for Xyrem.  In July 2014, the USPTO issued us a new method of use patent relating to the safe and effective use of Xyrem by decreasing the dose of Xyrem when used concomitantly with divalproex sodium.  In June 2015, the USPTO issued us another new method of use patent relating to decreasing the dose of Xyrem when used concomitantly with divalproex sodium.  Both of these patents have been listed in the Orange Book.  We have filed lawsuits against each of the Xyrem ANDA filers alleging infringement of these patents and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent these Xyrem ANDA filers from introducing a generic version of Xyrem that would infringe these patents.  While we believe the additional safety information is critical for the safe use of Xyrem and should be required to be included in the label for any proposed generic form of Xyrem, we do not know whether the FDA will require any proposed generic form of Xyrem to include this information in its product label or whether we will be successful in maintaining the validity of the applicable patents and protecting the patents from infringement. 
  In September 2016, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, submitted a Citizen Petition to the FDA requesting that, for safety reasons, the FDA refuse to approve any sodium oxybate ANDA with a proposed label or REMS that omits the portions of the Xyrem label and the Xyrem REMS that instruct prescribers on adjusting the dose of the product when it is co-administered with divalproex sodium (also known as valproate or valproic acid).  We cannot predict when or if the FDA will respond to, or otherwise take any action with respect to, the Citizen Petition, the effect of any such response or action on the ongoing patent litigation referenced above, whether the FDA will ultimately require any proposed generic form of Xyrem to include the relevant safety information in its label or REMS or whether we will be successful in maintaining the validity of the applicable patents and protecting the patents from infringement.  However, if the FDA responds to our Citizen Petition by concluding that a proposed label or REMS for generic version of Xyrem does not need to include the portion of the Xyrem label relating to co-administration with divalproex sodium, it could potentially be easier for ANDA applicants to avoid infringement of our applicable patents.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    If generic versions of Xyrem or other sodium oxybate products that compete with Xyrem are approved and launched, sales of Xyrem would be adversely affected    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  We also own method of use patents and trade secrets that cover elements of the Xyrem REMS, including patents that cover the use of a single central pharmacy to distribute Xyrem.  In July 2016, the PTAB issued final decisions that the claims of six of seven distribution system patents that cover elements of the Xyrem REMS are unpatentable; as a result, if the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upholds those decisions or if the time for appeal expires, these claims will be canceled.  For a description of these matters, see  Legal Proceedings  in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  The Xyrem REMS approval letter includes statements from the FDA that (i) the approval action should not be construed or understood as agreement with us that dispensing through a single pharmacy is the only way to ensure that the benefits of Xyrem outweigh its risks, and that the FDA has continuing concerns that limiting the distribution of Xyrem to one pharmacy imposes burdens on patient access and the healthcare delivery system and (ii) as with all REMS, the FDA intends to evaluate the Xyrem REMS on an ongoing basis and will require modifications as may be appropriate.  We cannot predict whether the FDA will seek to require or ultimately require modifications to the Xyrem REMS, including with respect to the Xyrem distribution system (particularly if the FDA ultimately approves a separate REMS for any of the ANDA filers that differs in some aspects from the Xyrem REMS), or seek to otherwise impose or ultimately impose additional requirements to the Xyrem REMS, or the potential timing, terms or propriety thereof.  Any such modifications or additional requirements could potentially make it easier for future generic competitors, make it more difficult or expensive for us to distribute Xyrem and/or negatively affect sales of Xyrem.  In particular, depending on the nature of any such modifications or additional requirements, the ability of our existing patents and other intellectual property to protect our Xyrem distribution system from generic competitors may be reduced.  In addition, the extent of protection provided by our patents and other intellectual property related to the distribution of Xyrem depends on the nature of the distribution system that may be used by any generic competitor, including whether the distribution system is as restricted as the distribution system set forth in the Xyrem REMS.  If a generic competitor is able to obtain ANDA approval for a generic version of Xyrem based on a REMS that does not fall within the scope of any of the claims of our patents, those patents will not be a barrier to the generic version s entry into the market.  We cannot be certain whether our existing patents, patents that may be granted in the future or other intellectual property will be construed to cover any generic REMS or risk management plan that might be approved by the FDA.  The interpretation of intellectual property  
  
   72 

     Table of Contents  

protections and the effect of these protections are extremely complex, and we cannot predict the impact of any of these matters on our business. 

Risks Related to Our Industry 
  The regulatory approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent us or our partners from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of some or all of our product candidates.* 
  The manufacturing, labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, record keeping, importing and exporting of our products and our research and development activities are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, the EC, the competent authorities of the EU member states and other regulatory authorities.  Regulations differ from country to country.  As a result of these regulations, product development, approval and commercialization processes are expensive and time-consuming.  For example, we are not permitted to market a pharmaceutical product in the U.S. or in the EU member states until we receive approval from the FDA, the EC or the competent authorities of the EU member states, as applicable.  An application for marketing approval must contain information demonstrating the quality, safety and efficacy of the pharmaceutical product, including data from preclinical and clinical trials, information pertaining to the preparation and manufacture of the API, analytical methods, product formulation, details on the manufacture and stability of the finished pharmaceutical product and proposed product packaging and labeling.  Submission of an application for marketing authorization does not assure approval for marketing in any jurisdiction, and we may encounter significant difficulties or costs in our efforts to obtain approval to market products.  If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize them and recoup our research and development costs.  Any delay or failure in obtaining approval of a drug candidate, or receipt of approval for narrower indications than sought, can have a negative impact on our financial performance. 
  If the FDA, the EC or the competent authorities of the EU member states determine that a REMS or the imposition of post-marketing obligations is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks, we may be required to include a proposed REMS as part of an NDA or BLA or to propose post-marketing obligations to be included in the marketing authorization for our products in the EU.  In non-EU countries, we may also be required to include a patient package insert or a medication guide to provide information to consumers about the product s risks and benefits, a plan for communication to healthcare providers, and restrictions on the product s distribution.  For example, the FDA requires a REMS for Xyrem, discussed in detail in the risk factor under the heading    The manufacture, distribution and sale of Xyrem are subject to significant regulatory oversight and restrictions and the requirements of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, and these restrictions and requirements, as well as the potential impact of changes to these restrictions and requirements, subject us to increased risks and uncertainties, any of which could negatively impact sales of Xyrem    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q, and other products that we sell are or may become subject to a REMS specific to our product or shared with other products in the same class of drug.  We cannot predict the impact that any new REMS requirements applicable to any of our products would have on our business. 
  The FDA approved the BLA for Erwinaze in the U.S. in November 2011, subject to certain post-marketing requirements, which have been completed, and compliance with multiple post-marketing commitments, including certain commitments that must be met by the product s manufacturer with respect to product manufacturing, which are outside of our control.  While activities are underway to complete the post-marketing commitments, any inability to comply with regulatory requirements, including compliance with manufacturing-related post-marketing commitments that are part of the BLA approval, as well as other requirements monitored by the FDA, could adversely affect Erwinaze supply, particularly in light of our extremely limited product inventory, and could result in FDA approval being revoked, product release being delayed or product recalls, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our sales of and revenues from Erwinaze and limit our potential future maintenance and growth of the market for this product. 
  As another example, the marketing authorization in the EU for Defitelio requires us to comply with a number of post-marketing obligations, including obligations relating to the establishment of a patient registry to investigate the long-term safety, health outcomes and patterns of utilization of Defitelio during normal use, and the FDA imposed several post-marketing commitments and requirements in connection with its approval of our NDA for Defitelio in March 2016, including the requirement that we conduct a clinical trial to analyze the safety of defibrotide versus best supportive care in the prevention of VOD in adult and pediatric patients.  If we fail to meet any of these post-marketing obligations, the ongoing validity of the marketing authorization may be called into question, our sales of and revenues from Defitelio could be materially adversely affected and our potential future maintenance and growth of the market for this product may be limited. 
  In addition, since a significant proportion of the regulatory framework in the U.K. is derived from EU directives and regulations, Brexit could materially change the regulatory regime applicable to our operations, including with respect to the approval of our product candidates.  Any such changes to the regulatory regime could have a material adverse effect on the  
  
   73 

     Table of Contents  

pharmaceutical industry generally and on our ability to obtain approval for our product candidates or, if approved, to successfully commercialize our product candidates.  
  Changes in healthcare law and implementing regulations, including those based on recently enacted legislation, as well as changes in healthcare policy, may impact our business in ways that we cannot currently predict, and these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.* 
  The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, together, the Healthcare Reform Act, is a sweeping measure intended to expand healthcare coverage within the U.S., primarily through the imposition of health insurance mandates on employers and individuals and expansion of the Medicaid program.  This law substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the pharmaceutical industry.  Changes that may affect our business include those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes, benefits for patients within a coverage gap in the Medicare Part D prescription drug program (commonly known as the  donut hole ), rules regarding prescription drug benefits under the health insurance exchanges, changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program, expansion of the Public Health Service s 340B drug pricing program, or the 340B program, fraud and abuse and enforcement.  These changes will impact existing government healthcare programs and will result in the development of new programs, including Medicare payment for performance initiatives and improvements to the physician quality reporting system and feedback program. 
  Details of the changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program and the 340B program are discussed in the risk factor under the heading    If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  Congress could enact additional legislation that further increases Medicaid drug rebates or other costs and charges associated with participating in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program.  The issuance of regulations and coverage expansion by various governmental agencies relating to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program has and will continue to increase our costs and the complexity of compliance, has been and will be time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
  Some states have elected not to expand their Medicaid programs by raising the income limit to 133% of the federal poverty level, as is permitted under the Healthcare Reform Act.  For each state that does not choose to expand its Medicaid program, there may be fewer insured patients overall, which could impact our sales, business and financial condition.  Where Medicaid patients receive insurance coverage under any of the new options made available through the Healthcare Reform Act, the possibility exists that manufacturers may be required to pay Medicaid rebates on drugs used under these circumstances, a decision that could impact manufacturer revenues.  In addition, the federal government has also announced delays in the implementation of key provisions of the Healthcare Reform Act, including the employer mandate.  The implications of these delays for our sales, business and financial condition, if any, are not yet clear. 
  Moreover, legislative changes to the Healthcare Reform Act remain possible.  We expect that the Healthcare Reform Act, as currently enacted or as it may be amended in the future, and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our industry generally and on our ability to maintain or increase sales of our existing products or to successfully commercialize our product candidates, if approved. 
  In addition to the Healthcare Reform Act, there will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators and third party payors to keep healthcare costs down while expanding individual healthcare benefits. 
  Likewise, in the countries in the EU, legislators, policymakers and healthcare insurance funds continue to propose and implement cost-containing measures to keep healthcare costs down, due in part to the attention being paid to healthcare cost containment and other austerity measures in the EU.  Certain of these changes could impose limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for our products and any approved product candidates or the amounts of reimbursement available for these products from governmental agencies or third party payors, may increase the tax obligations on pharmaceutical companies such as ours, or may facilitate the introduction of generic competition with respect to our products.  Further, an increasing number of EU member states and other foreign countries use prices for medicinal products established in other countries as  reference prices  to help determine the price of the product in their own territory.  Consequently, a downward trend in prices of medicinal products in some countries could contribute to similar downward trends elsewhere.  In addition, the ongoing budgetary difficulties faced by a number of EU member states, including Greece and Spain, have led and may continue to lead to substantial delays in payment and payment partially with government bonds rather than cash for medicinal drug products, which could negatively impact our revenues and profitability.  Moreover, in order to obtain reimbursement for our products in some countries, including some EU member states, we may be required to conduct clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of our products to other available therapies.  There can be no assurance that our products will obtain favorable reimbursement status in any country. 
  
   74 

     Table of Contents  

To help patients afford our products, we have various programs to assist them, including patient assistance programs, a Xyrem free product voucher program and co-pay coupon programs for Xyrem and certain other products.  Additionally, we make grants to independent charitable foundations that help financially needy patients with their premium, co-pay, and co-insurance obligations.  Co-pay coupon programs, including our program for Xyrem, have received some negative publicity related to their use to promote branded pharmaceutical products over other less costly alternatives.  In recent years, other pharmaceutical manufacturers were named in class action lawsuits challenging the legality of their co-pay programs under a variety of federal and state laws.  In addition, at least one insurer has directed its network pharmacies to no longer accept co-pay coupons for certain specialty drugs the insurer identified.  Our co-pay coupon programs could become the target of similar lawsuits or insurer actions.  In addition, in November 2013, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, issued guidance to the issuers of qualified health plans sold through the Healthcare Reform Act s marketplaces encouraging such plans to reject patient cost-sharing support from third parties and indicating that CMS intends to monitor the provision of such support and may take regulatory action to limit it in the future.  CMS subsequently issued a rule requiring individual market qualified health plans to accept third-party premium and cost-sharing payments from certain government-related entities.  In September 2014, the Office of Inspector General, or OIG, of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, issued a Special Advisory Bulletin warning manufacturers that they may be subject to sanctions under the federal anti-kickback statute and/or civil monetary penalty laws if they do not take appropriate steps to exclude Medicare Part D beneficiaries from using co-pay coupons.  In 2015, the OIG refined existing guidance with respect to manufacturer grants to independent charitable foundations that provide financial support to financially needy patients, and has issued new or revised advisory opinions containing updated guidance on the government s view of such programs.  It is possible that changes in insurer policies regarding co-pay coupons and/or the introduction and enactment of new legislation or regulatory action could restrict or otherwise negatively affect these patient support programs, which could result in fewer patients using affected products, including Xyrem, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our sales, business and financial condition. 
  Patient assistance programs that receive partial financial support from companies have become the subject of enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny.  If we or our vendors or donation recipients are deemed to fail to comply with relevant laws, regulations or evolving government guidance in the operation of these programs, we could be subject to damages, fines, penalties or other criminal, civil or administrative sanctions or enforcement actions.  We cannot ensure that our compliance controls, policies and procedures will be sufficient to protect against acts of our employees, business partners or vendors that may violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate.  Regardless of whether we have complied with the law, a government investigation could impact our business practices, harm our reputation, divert the attention of management and increase our expenses.  In May and October 2016, we received subpoenas from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Massachusetts requesting documents related to our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients and documents concerning the provision of financial assistance to Medicare patients taking drugs sold by us.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our products    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our products.* 
  Oversight by FDA and Equivalent Non-U.S. Regulatory Authorities 
  We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations with respect to our marketed products, such as safety reporting requirements and additional post-marketing obligations, including regulatory oversight of the promotion and marketing of our products.  In addition, research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, record keeping, importing and exporting of our products are, and any of our product candidates that may be approved by the FDA, the EC, the competent authorities of the EU member states and other non-U.S. regulatory authorities will be, subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements.  These requirements apply both to us and to third parties we contract with to perform services and supply us with products.  Failure by us or any of our third party partners, including suppliers, distributors and our central pharmacy for Xyrem, to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to administrative or judicial sanctions or other negative consequences, such as delays in approval or refusal to approve a product candidate, withdrawal, suspension or variation of product approval, untitled letters, warning letters, fines and other monetary penalties, unanticipated expenditures, product recall, withdrawal or seizure, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, interruption of manufacturing or clinical trials, operating restrictions, injunctions; suspension of licenses, civil penalties and/or criminal prosecution, any of which could have a significant impact on our sales, business and financial condition.  
  We monitor adverse events resulting from the use of our commercial products, as do the regulatory authorities, and we file periodic reports with the authorities concerning adverse events.  The authorities review these events and reports, and if they determine that any events and/or reports indicate a trend or signal, they can require a change in a product label, restrict sales and marketing and/or require or conduct other actions, potentially including withdrawal or suspension of the product from the  
  
   75 

     Table of Contents  

market, any of which could result in reduced market acceptance and demand for our products, could harm our reputation and our ability to market our products in the future, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  The FDA and the competent authorities of the EU Member States on behalf of the EMA also periodically inspect the company records related to safety reporting.  Following such inspections, the FDA may issue notices on FDA Form 483 and warning letters that could cause us to modify certain activities.  The EMA s Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee, or the PRAC, may propose to the Committee for Human Medicinal Products, or the CHMP, that the marketing authorization holder be required to take specific steps or advise that the existing marketing authorization be varied, suspended, or withdrawn.  An FDA Form 483 notice, if issued at the conclusion of an FDA inspection, can list conditions the FDA investigators believe may have violated relevant FDA regulations or guidance.  Failure to adequately and promptly correct the observation(s) can result in further regulatory enforcement action.  For example, in April 2014, we received an FDA Form 483 at the conclusion of a pharmacovigilance inspection conducted by the FDA.  The FDA Form 483 included observations relating to certain aspects of our adverse drug experience, or ADE, reporting system for all of our products,     including Xyrem.  We responded to the FDA Form 483 with a description of the corrective actions and improvements we had implemented before or shortly following the inspection and additional improvements that we planned to implement, and have now implemented, to address the observations in the FDA Form 483.  In August 2014, the FDA issued an Establishment Inspection Report to us, which indicates that the inspection is closed.  Although we have implemented improvements to our ADE reporting system, there can be no assurance that the FDA or other regulatory agencies will not identify additional matters in future pharmacovigilance inspections or that we will be able to adequately address any matters identified by the FDA or other regulatory agencies in the future, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  If we receive regulatory approvals to sell our products, the FDA, the EC, the competent authorities of the EU member states and other non-U.S. regulatory authorities where our products are approved may impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses or marketing of our products, or impose requirements for burdensome post-approval study commitments.  The terms of any product approval, including labeling, may be more restrictive than we desire and could affect the commercial potential of the product.  If we become aware of problems with any of our products in the U.S., the EU or elsewhere in the world or at our third party suppliers  facilities, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on our products, our suppliers, our other partners or us.  In such an instance, we could experience a significant drop in the sales of the affected products, our product revenues and reputation in the marketplace may suffer, and we could become the target of lawsuits.  For example, in April 2015, Medtronic Inc., or Medtronic, announced a consent decree with the FDA related to Medtronic s SynchroMed        II implantable infusion pump systems.  Our product Prialt is approved for administration to patients via that pump.  While the Medtronic consent decree does not impact existing patients with the pump, physicians who want to implant the pump in new patients are required to complete a certification process to document medical necessity.  While the approved indication for Prialt is one of the conditions eligible to support a showing of medical necessity provided by the consent decree, we cannot predict the impact of this new certification requirement on sales of Prialt. 
  EU legislation related to pharmacovigilance, or the assessment and monitoring of the safety of medicinal products enhanced the authority of the EMA and the competent authorities of the EU member states to require companies to conduct additional post-approval clinical efficacy and safety studies and increased the burden on companies with respect to additional monitoring, adverse event management and reporting.  Under the legislation and its related regulations and guidelines, we may be required to conduct a labor intensive collection of data regarding the risks and benefits of marketed products and may be required to engage in ongoing assessments of those risks and benefits, including the possible requirement to conduct additional clinical studies, which may be time-consuming and expensive and could impact our profitability.  Non-compliance with such obligations can lead to the variation, suspension or withdrawal of marketing authorization or imposition of financial penalties or other enforcement measures. 
  The FDA approved the BLA for Erwinaze in the U.S. in November 2011, subject to certain post-marketing requirements, which have been completed, and compliance with multiple post-marketing commitments, including certain commitments that must be met by the product s manufacturer with respect to product manufacturing, which are outside of our control.  While activities are underway to complete the post-marketing commitments, any inability to comply with regulatory requirements, including compliance with manufacturing-related post-marketing commitments that are part of the BLA approval, as well as other requirements monitored by the FDA, could adversely affect Erwinaze supply and could result in FDA approval being revoked or product recalls, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our sales of and revenues from Erwinaze and limit our potential future maintenance and growth of the market for this product. 
  The marketing authorization in the EU for Defitelio requires us to comply with a number of post-marketing obligations, including obligations relating to the establishment of a patient registry to investigate the long-term safety, health outcomes and patterns of utilization of Defitelio during normal use, and the FDA imposed several post-marketing requirements and commitments in connection with its March 2016 approval of our NDA for Defitelio, including the requirement that we conduct  
  
   76 

     Table of Contents  

a clinical trial to analyze the safety of defibrotide versus best supportive care in the prevention of VOD in adult and pediatric patients.  We may be unable to comply with these or other post-marketing obligations.  If we fail to meet any of these post-marketing obligations, the ongoing validity of the marketing authorization may be called into question, our sales of and revenues from Defitelio could be materially adversely affected and our potential future maintenance and growth of the market for this product may be limited. 
  Erwinase and defibrotide are available on a named patient basis in many countries where they are not commercially available.  While we believe we have satisfied the regulations regarding our communications and medical affairs activities in those countries, if any such country s regulatory authorities determine that we are promoting Erwinase or defibrotide without proper authorization, we could be found to be in violation of pharmaceutical advertising laws or the regulations permitting sales under named patient programs.  In that case, we may be subject to financial or other penalties. 
  The FDA, the competent authorities of the EU member states and other governmental authorities require advertising and promotional labeling to be truthful and not misleading, and products to be marketed only for their approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label.  The FDA routinely provides its interpretations of that authority in informal communications and also in more formal communications such as untitled letters or warning letters, and although such communications may not be considered final agency decisions, companies may decide not to contest the agency s interpretations so as to avoid disputes with the FDA, even if they believe the claims to be truthful, not misleading and otherwise lawful. 
  The FDA, the competent authorities of the EU member states and other governmental authorities also actively investigate allegations of off-label promotion activities in order to enforce regulations prohibiting these types of activities.  A company that is found to have promoted an approved product for off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative financial penalties and other remedies as well as criminal financial penalties and other sanctions.  Even when a company is not determined to have engaged in off-label promotion, the allegation from government authorities or market participants that a company has engaged in such activities could have a significant impact on the company s sales, business and financial condition.  The U.S. government has also required companies to enter into complex corporate integrity agreements and/or non-prosecution agreements that impose significant reporting and other burdens on the affected companies.  For all of our products, it is important that we maintain a comprehensive compliance program.  Failure to maintain a comprehensive and effective compliance program, and to integrate the operations of acquired businesses into a combined comprehensive and effective compliance program on a timely basis, could subject us to a range of regulatory actions that could affect our ability to commercialize our products and could harm or prevent sales of the affected products, or could substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing and marketing our products. 
  Other Regulatory Authorities 
  We are also subject to regulation by other regional, national, state and local agencies, including the DEA, the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, the FTC, the United States Department of Commerce, or DOC, the OIG and other regulatory bodies, as well as governmental authorities in those non-U.S. countries in which we commercialize our products.  In addition to the FDCA, other federal, state and non-U.S. statutes and regulations govern to varying degrees the research, development, manufacturing and commercial activities relating to prescription pharmaceutical products, including preclinical testing, approval, production, labeling, sale, distribution, import, export, post-market surveillance, advertising, dissemination of information, promotion, marketing, and pricing to government purchasers and government healthcare programs.  Our partners, including our suppliers and distributors and the central pharmacy for Xyrem, are subject to many of the same requirements. 
  These requirements include obtaining sufficient quotas from the DEA each year to manufacture sodium oxybate and Xyrem in the U.S.  In addition to quota requirements, the DEA imposes various registration, importing, exporting, record keeping and reporting requirements, labeling and packaging requirements, security controls and a restriction on prescription refills on certain pharmaceutical products under the Controlled Substances Act, or CSA.  The states also impose similar requirements for handling controlled substances.  The U.S. and the EU member states are parties to the Convention on Psychotropic Substances (1971), or the 1971 Convention.  In October 2012, the World Health Organization sent a recommendation to the United Nations Commission on Narcotic Drugs, or CND, to reschedule GHB under the 1971 Convention from Schedule IV status to Schedule II status.  In March 2013, the CND voted to reschedule GHB from Schedule IV to Schedule II under the 1971 Convention.  While the DEA imposes its own scheduling requirements in the U.S. under the CSA, the U.S. is obligated as a signatory to the 1971 Convention to ensure that drug scheduling in the U.S. is consistent with its obligations under the international treaties.  The change in international scheduling did not result in a change in the U.S. control of GHB.  Failure by us or any of our partners, including suppliers and distributors, to comply with the requirements of the CSA and other regulatory bodies could result in, among other things, additional operating costs to us, delays in shipments outside or into the U.S. and adverse regulatory actions. 
  The U.S. federal healthcare program anti-kickback statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or  
  
   77 

     Table of Contents  

recommending the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs.  Liability may be established without a person or entity having actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it.  This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical companies on one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other.  The Healthcare Reform Act amended the Social Security Act to provide that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act.  Although there are a number of statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common manufacturer business arrangements and activities from prosecution and administrative sanction, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations of our products may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor.  We seek to comply with the exemptions and safe harbors whenever possible, but our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for safe harbor protection from anti-kickback liability, and therefore would be subject to a facts and circumstances analysis. 
  The False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment of federal funds, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid.  The False Claims Act also permits a private individual acting as a  whistleblower  to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the statute and to share in any monetary recovery.  Many pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been investigated or subject to lawsuits by whistleblowers and have reached substantial financial settlements with the federal government under the False Claims Act for a variety of alleged improper marketing activities, including providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product; providing consulting fees, grants, free travel, and other benefits to physicians to induce them to prescribe the company s products; and inflating prices reported to private price publication services, which are used to set drug reimbursement rates under government healthcare programs.  In addition, in recent years the government and private whistleblowers have pursued False Claims Act cases against a number of pharmaceutical companies for causing false claims to be submitted as a result of the marketing of their products for unapproved uses.  Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies also are subject to other federal false claim laws, including federal criminal healthcare fraud and false statement statutes that extend to non-government health benefit programs. 
  In addition, the Physician Payment Sunshine Act, or Sunshine provisions, requires extensive tracking of payments and transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and public reporting of the data collected.  By March 31 of each calendar year, manufacturers covered under the Sunshine provisions are required to submit a report disclosing payments and transfers of value made in the preceding calendar year, and CMS then will publish the reported data on or before June 30 of the reporting year.  Public reporting under the Sunshine provisions has resulted in increased scrutiny of the financial relationships between industry, teaching hospitals and physicians, and such scrutiny may negatively impact our ability to engage with physicians on matters of importance to us.  In addition, if the data reflected in our reports are found to be in violation of any of the Sunshine provisions or any other U.S. federal, state or local laws or regulations that may apply, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the Sunshine provisions, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages or fines. 
  The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal anti-kickback law and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor.  A number of states require pharmaceutical companies to report expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of pharmaceutical products and to report gifts and payments to individual physicians in the states.  Other states restrict when pharmaceutical companies may provide meals to prescribers or engage in other marketing related activities.  Still other states require the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes.  In addition, California, Connecticut, Massachusetts and Nevada require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs or marketing codes of conduct.  Outside the U.S., we are subject to similar regulations in those countries where we market and sell products. 
  In May 2016, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Massachusetts requesting documents related to our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients, and, for Xyrem, documents concerning the provision of financial assistance to Medicare patients.  In October 2016, we received a second subpoena updating and further specifying document requests regarding support to 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients and the provision of financial assistance for Medicare patients taking drugs sold by us.  Other companies have disclosed similar subpoenas and continuing inquiries.  We are cooperating with this investigation.  We are unable to predict how long this investigation will continue, whether we will receive additional subpoenas in connection with this investigation, or its outcome, but we expect that we will continue to incur significant costs in connection with the investigation, regardless of the outcome.  We may also become subject to similar investigations by other state or federal governmental agencies or offices.  The investigation by the U.S. Attorney s Office and any additional investigations of our patient assistance programs or other business practices may result in damages, fines, penalties or other criminal, civil or administrative sanctions or enforcement actions against us or 501(c)(3) organizations that we support, negative publicity or other negative actions as to us or 501(c)(3) organizations that we support that could harm our reputation, impact our business practices, reduce demand for, or patient access to, Xyrem and Prialt and/or reduce coverage of Xyrem and Prialt, including by  
  
   78 

     Table of Contents  

federal health care programs and state health care programs.  If any or all of these events occur, our business and stock price could be materially and adversely affected. 
  In the EU, the advertising and promotion of our products are subject to EU member states  laws governing promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices.  In addition, other legislation adopted by individual EU member states may apply to the advertising and promotion of medicinal products.  These laws require that promotional materials and advertising in relation to medicinal products comply with the product s Summary of Product Characteristics, or SmPC, as approved by the competent authorities.  The SmPC is the document that provides information to physicians concerning the safe and effective use of the medicinal product.  It forms an intrinsic and integral part of the marketing authorization granted for the medicinal product.  Promotion of a medicinal product that does not comply with the SmPC is considered to constitute off-label promotion.  The off-label promotion of medicinal products is prohibited in the EU.  The applicable laws at EU level and in the individual EU member states also prohibit the direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription-only medicinal products.  Violations of the rules governing the promotion of medicinal products in the EU could be penalized by administrative measures, fines and imprisonment.  These laws may further limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of our products to the general public and may also impose limitations on our promotional activities with health care professionals. 
  Interactions between pharmaceutical companies and physicians are also governed by strict laws, regulations, industry self-regulation codes of conduct and physicians  codes of professional conduct in the individual EU member states.  The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is prohibited in the EU.  The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is also governed by the national anti-bribery laws of the EU member states.  One example is the U.K. Bribery Act.  As further discussed below, the U.K. Bribery Act applies to any company incorporated in or  carrying on business  in the U.K., irrespective of where in the world the alleged bribery activity occurs, which could have implications for our interactions with physicians both in and outside of the U.K. Violation of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment.  Certain EU member states require that payments made to physicians must be publicly disclosed.  Moreover, agreements with physicians must often be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician s employer, his/her competent professional organization, and/or the competent authorities of the individual EU member states.  Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. 
  Our business activities outside of the U.S. are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate, including the U.K. Bribery Act.  The FCPA and similar anti-corruption laws generally prohibit the offering, promising, giving, or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to non-U.S. government officials in order to improperly influence any act or decision, secure any other improper advantage, or obtain or retain business.  The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the company and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls.  The U.K. Bribery Act prohibits giving, offering, or promising bribes to any person, including both U.K. and non-U.K. government officials and private persons, as well as requesting, agreeing to receive, or accepting bribes from any person.  In addition, under the U.K. Bribery Act, companies which carry on a business or part of a business in the U.K. may be held liable for bribes given, offered or promised to any person, including non-U.K. government officials and private persons, in another country by employees and persons associated with the company in order to obtain or retain business or a business advantage for the company.  Liability is strict, with no element of a corrupt state of mind, but having in place adequate procedures designed to prevent bribery is an available defense.  Furthermore, under the U.K. Bribery Act there is no exception for facilitation payments.  As described above, our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments.  Additionally, in many other countries, the health care providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our dealings with these prescribers and purchasers may be subject to regulation under the FCPA.  Recently the SEC and the DOJ have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to pharmaceutical companies.  In addition, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, private individuals who report to the SEC original information that leads to successful enforcement actions may be eligible for a monetary award.      We are engaged in ongoing efforts that are designed to ensure our compliance with these laws, including due diligence, training, policies, procedures and internal controls.  However, there is no certainty that all employees and third party business partners (including our distributors, wholesalers, agents, contractors, and other partners) will comply with anti-bribery laws.  In particular, we do not control the actions of suppliers and other third party agents, although we may be liable for their actions.  Violation of these laws may result in civil or criminal sanctions, which could include monetary fines, criminal penalties, and disgorgement of past profits, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 
  We are also subject to laws and regulations covering data privacy and the protection of health-related and other personal information.  The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues which may affect our business.  Numerous federal and state laws and  
  
   79 

     Table of Contents  

regulations, including state security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information.  Failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could create liability for us (including the imposition of significant penalties), result in adverse publicity and negatively affect our business.  In addition, healthcare providers who prescribe our products and research institutions we collaborate with are subject to privacy and security requirements under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act.  Although we are not directly subject to HIPAA other than with respect to providing certain employee benefits, we could potentially be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA.  In addition, EU member states and other jurisdictions where we operate have adopted data protection laws and regulations, which impose significant compliance obligations.  For example, the EU Data Protection Directive, as implemented into national laws by the EU member states, imposes strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze and transfer personal data, including health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting.  The EU Data Protection Directive prohibits the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area, or EEA, such as the U.S., which are not considered by the EC to provide an adequate level of data protection.  Switzerland has adopted similar restrictions.  Although there are legal mechanisms to allow for the transfer of personal data from the EEA and Switzerland to the U.S., the decision of the European Court of Justice that invalidated the safe harbor framework on which we have relied has increased uncertainty around compliance with EU privacy law requirements.  As a result of the decision, it was no longer possible to rely on safe harbor certification as a legal basis for the transfer of personal data from the EU to entities in the U.S.  In February 2016, the EC announced an agreement with the DOC to replace the invalidated Safe Harbor framework with a new EU-U.S.  Privacy Shield.   On July 12, 2016, the EC adopted a decision on the adequacy of the protection provided by the Privacy Shield.  The Privacy Shield is intended to address the requirements set out by the European Court of Justice in its recent ruling by imposing more stringent obligations on companies, providing stronger monitoring and enforcement by the DOC and FTC, and making commitments on the part of public authorities regarding access to information.  Beginning August 1, 2016, U.S.-based companies may certify compliance with the privacy principles of the Privacy Shield.  Adherence to the Privacy Shield, however, is not mandatory.  If a U.S.-based company does not certify compliance with the Privacy Shield, it may rely on other authorized means and procedures to transfer personal data provided by the EU Data Protection Directive.  In September 2016, our U.S. subsidiaries filed for certification under the Privacy Shield.   
  If we or our vendors fail to comply with applicable data privacy laws, or if the legal mechanisms we or our vendors rely upon to allow for the  transfer of personal data from the EEA or Switzerland to the U.S. (or other countries not considered by the EC to provide an adequate level of data protection) are not considered adequate, we could be subject to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and our business could be adversely impacted if our ability to transfer personal data outside of the EEA or Switzerland is restricted, which could adversely impact our operating results.  In December 2015, a proposal for an EU General Data Protection Regulation, intended to replace the current EU Data Protection Directive, was agreed between the European Parliament, the Council of the European Union and the EC.  The EU General Data Protection Regulation, which was officially adopted in April 2016 and will be applicable in May 2018, will introduce new data protection requirements in the EU, as well as substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules.  The EU General Data Protection Regulation will increase our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the new EU data protection rules.  In addition, data protection authorities of the different EU member states may interpret the EU Data Protection Directive and national laws differently, and guidance on implementation and compliance practices are often updated or otherwise revised, which adds to the complexity of processing personal data in the EU. 
  The number and complexity of both U.S. federal and state laws continue to increase, and additional governmental resources are being added to enforce these laws and to prosecute companies and individuals who are believed to be violating them.  In addition, we expect private plaintiffs to continue to file lawsuits against pharmaceutical manufacturers under the whistleblower provisions of the False Claims Act and state equivalents and to seek out new theories of liability under those statutes.  We also expect government enforcement agencies to continue to  intervene  in private whistleblower lawsuits, effectively converting the private lawsuit into a lawsuit by the government, which typically increases the likelihood that the lawsuit will result in increased expense for the company and/or a burdensome settlement.  For example, federal enforcement agencies recently have shown interest in pharmaceutical companies  product and patient assistance programs, including manufacturer reimbursement support services and relationships with specialty pharmacies.  Some of these investigations have resulted in government enforcement authorities intervening in related whistleblower lawsuits and obtaining significant civil and criminal settlements.  Other private whistleblowers have proceeded without government invention, causing considerable expense to targeted companies. 
  Recent changes in the law have reinforced and facilitated these trends.  In particular, the Healthcare Reform Act includes a number of provisions aimed at strengthening the government s ability to pursue anti-kickback and false claims cases against pharmaceutical manufacturers and other healthcare entities, including substantially increased funding for healthcare fraud  
  
   80 

     Table of Contents  

enforcement activities, enhanced investigative powers, and amendments to the False Claims Act that make it easier for the government and whistleblowers to pursue cases for alleged kickback and false claim violations, such as defining a  false  claim to include any claim based on a violation of the anti-kickback statute.  While we cannot say with certainty what effect these changes have had or will have on our business, we anticipate that increased enforcement and litigation, including through government intervention in whistleblower lawsuits and private whistleblowers proceeding on their own, will continue for the foreseeable future.  Responding to a whistleblower lawsuit, government investigation or enforcement action, defending any claims raised, and paying any resulting fines, damages, penalties or settlement amounts would be expensive and time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  Compliance with U.S. federal and state, EU and EU member state national laws that apply to pharmaceutical manufacturers is difficult and time-consuming, and companies that violate these laws may face substantial penalties.  The potential sanctions include civil monetary penalties, exclusion of a company s products from reimbursement under government programs, criminal fines and imprisonment.  Because of the breadth of these laws and, in some cases, the lack of extensive legal guidance in the form of regulations or court decisions, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of these laws.  For example, the FTC has been paying increasing attention to the use of REMS by companies selling branded products, in particular to whether REMS may be being deliberately used to reduce the risk of competition from generic drugs in a way that may be deemed to be anticompetitive.  It is possible that the FTC, other governmental authorities or others could claim or determine that we are using the Xyrem REMS in an anticompetitive manner (including in light of the FDA s statement in the Xyrem REMS approval letter that the Xyrem REMS could be used in an anticompetitive manner inconsistent with applicable provisions of the FDCA) or have engaged in other anticompetitive practices.  The FDCA further states that a REMS shall not be used by an NDA holder to block or delay generic drugs from entering the market.  Several of the ANDA applicants have asserted that our patents covering the distribution system for Xyrem should not have been listed in the Orange Book, and that the Xyrem REMS is blocking competition.  We cannot predict the outcome of these claims in the ongoing litigation, or the impact of any similar claims that may be made in the future.  Such a challenge or any other challenge that we or our business partners have failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  If we or the other parties with whom we work fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we or they could be subject to a range of regulatory actions that could affect our ability to commercialize our products and could harm or prevent sales of the affected products, or could substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing and marketing our products.  Any threatened or actual government enforcement action could also generate adverse publicity and require that we devote substantial resources that could otherwise be used in other aspects of our business. 
  We manufacture certain APIs, including the defibrotide drug substance, at our manufacturing facilities in Italy.  In addition, we have engaged a third party supplier to process defibrotide into the finished product in Italy.  Our manufacturing facilities and those of our third party manufacturer are subject to continuing regulation by the Italian Health Authority and other Italian regulatory authorities with respect to the manufacturing of APIs and drug products, including the defibrotide drug substance and its finished form.  These facilities are also subject to inspection and regulation by the EMA.  Following initial approval in a jurisdiction, the competent authorities will continue to inspect our manufacturing facilities and those of our third party supplier, in some cases, unannounced, to confirm ongoing compliance with cGMP.  The cGMP requirements govern quality control of the manufacturing process and documentation policies and procedures, and we and our third party suppliers will need to ensure that all of our processes, methods and equipment are compliant with cGMP.  If these authorities determine that either our facilities or our third party supplier s facility in Italy do not meet the standards of compliance required under applicable regulations, they may deny approval to manufacture our products, require us to stop manufacturing our products, deny approval to the sale of our products or suspend the sale of our products. 
  If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.* 
  We participate in and have certain price reporting obligations to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program, several state Medicaid supplemental rebate programs and other governmental pricing programs, and we have obligations to report average sales price under the Medicare program. 
  Under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program, we are required to pay a rebate to each state Medicaid program for our covered outpatient drugs that are dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries and paid for by a state Medicaid program as a condition of having federal funds being made available to the states for our drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B.  Those rebates are based on pricing data reported by us on a monthly and quarterly basis to CMS, the federal agency that administers the Medicaid Drug Rebate program.      These data include the average manufacturer price and, in the case of innovator products, the best price for each drug which, in general, represents the lowest price available from the manufacturer to any entity in the U.S.  
  
   81 

     Table of Contents  

in any pricing structure, calculated to include all sales and associated rebates, discounts and other price concessions.  Such data previously have not been submitted for Quadramet  (samarium sm 153 lexidronam injection) and ProstaScint  (capromab pendetide), which are radiopharmaceutical products.  We engaged in interactions with CMS and a trade group, the Council on Radionuclides and Radiopharmaceuticals, or CORAR, regarding the reporting of Medicaid pricing data and paying Medicaid rebates for radiopharmaceutical products.  In addition to the discussions with CMS as part of CORAR, we have had separate discussions with CMS directly regarding Quadramet.  We sold Quadramet to a third party in December 2013, but we retained any liabilities related to sales of the product during prior periods.  Similarly, we sold ProstaScint to a third party in May 2015, but we retained any liabilities related to sales of the product during prior periods.  We are currently unable to predict whether price reporting and rebates will be required for Quadramet and ProstaScint for some or all of the period during which we were responsible for sales of these products.  We are currently unable to reasonably estimate an amount or range of a potential contingent loss.  Any material liability resulting from radiopharmaceutical price reporting and rebates would negatively impact our financial results. 
  The Healthcare Reform Act made significant changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program, such as expanding rebate liability from fee-for-service Medicaid utilization to include the utilization of Medicaid managed care organizations as well and changing the definition of average manufacturer price.  The Healthcare Reform Act also increased the minimum Medicaid rebate; changed the calculation of the rebate for certain innovator products that qualify as line extensions of existing drugs; and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100% of the average manufacturer price.  Finally, the Healthcare Reform Act requires pharmaceutical manufacturers of branded prescription drugs to pay a branded prescription drug fee to the federal government.  Congress could enact additional legislation that further increases Medicaid drug rebates or other costs and charges associated with participating in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program.  As noted above, CMS recently issued a final regulation, which became effective on April 1, 2016, to implement the changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program under the Healthcare Reform Act.  The issuance of the final regulation, as well as any other regulations and coverage expansion by various governmental agencies relating to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program, has and will continue to increase our costs and the complexity of compliance, has been and will continue to be time-consuming to implement, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
  Federal law requires that any company that participates in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program also participate in the Public Health Service s 340B program in order for federal funds to be available for the manufacturer s drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B.  The 340B program requires participating manufacturers to agree to charge statutorily defined covered entities no more than the 340B  ceiling price  for the manufacturer s covered outpatient drugs.  These 340B covered entities include a variety of community health clinics and other entities that receive health services grants from the Public Health Service, as well as hospitals that serve a disproportionate share of low-income patients.  The Healthcare Reform Act expanded the list of covered entities to include certain free-standing cancer hospitals, critical access hospitals, rural referral centers and sole community hospitals, but exempts  orphan drugs  from the ceiling price requirements for these covered entities.  The 340B ceiling price is calculated using a statutory formula based on the average manufacturer price and rebate amount for the covered outpatient drug as calculated under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program, and in general, products subject to Medicaid price reporting and rebate liability are also subject to the 340B ceiling price calculation and discount requirement.  For example, the initiation of any reporting of Medicaid pricing data for ProstaScint and Quadramet for some or all of the period during which we were responsible for sales of these products could result in retroactive 340B ceiling price liability for these two products.  We are currently unable to reasonably estimate an amount or range of a contingent loss.  Any material liability resulting from radiopharmaceutical price reporting would negatively impact our financial results.  Any additional future changes to the definition of average manufacturer price and the Medicaid rebate amount under the Healthcare Reform Act could affect our 340B ceiling price calculations and negatively impact our results of operations. 
  The Healthcare Reform Act obligates the Secretary of the HHS to create regulations and processes to improve the integrity of the 340B program and to update the agreement that manufacturers must sign to participate in the 340B program to obligate a manufacturer to offer the 340B price to covered entities if the manufacturer makes the drug available to any other purchaser at any price and to report to the government the ceiling prices for its drugs.  In 2015, the Health Resources and Services Administration, or HRSA, issued a proposed regulation regarding the calculation of the 340B ceiling price and the imposition of civil monetary penalties on manufacturers that knowingly and intentionally overcharge covered entities.  HRSA is expected to issue the final regulations regarding these topics in 2016.  In 2015, HRSA also released proposed omnibus guidance that addresses many aspects of the 340B program.  HRSA is expected to release the omnibus guidance in final form in 2016.  HRSA recently issued a proposed regulation regarding an administrative dispute resolution process for the 340B program.  Any final regulations and guidance could affect our obligations under the 340B program in ways we cannot anticipate.  In addition, legislation may be introduced that, if passed, would further expand the 340B program to additional covered entities or would require participating manufacturers to agree to provide 340B discounted pricing on drugs used in the inpatient setting. 
  Federal law also requires that a company that participates in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program report average sales price information each quarter to CMS for certain categories of drugs that are paid under the Medicare Part B program.   
  
   82 

     Table of Contents  

Manufacturers calculate the average sales price based on a statutorily defined formula as well as regulations and interpretations of the statute by CMS.  CMS uses these submissions to determine payment rates for drugs under Medicare Part B.  Statutory or regulatory changes or CMS binding guidance could affect the average sales price calculations for our products and the resulting Medicare payment rate, and could negatively impact our results of operations. 
  Pricing and rebate calculations vary across products and programs, are complex, and are often subject to interpretation by us, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts.  In the case of our Medicaid pricing data, if we become aware that our reporting for a prior quarter was incorrect, or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, we are obligated to resubmit the corrected data for up to three years after those data originally were due.  Such restatements and recalculations increase our costs for complying with the laws and regulations governing the Medicaid Drug Rebate program and could result in an overage or underage in our rebate liability for past quarters.  Price recalculations also may affect the ceiling price at which we are required to offer our products under the 340B program. 
  Civil monetary penalties can be applied if we are found to have knowingly submitted any false price information to the government, if we are found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of our average sales price, or if we fail to submit the required price data on a timely basis.  Such conduct also could be grounds for CMS to terminate our Medicaid drug rebate agreement, in which case federal payments may not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for our covered outpatient drugs.  We cannot assure you that our submissions will not be found by CMS to be incomplete or incorrect. 
  In order to be eligible to have our products paid for with federal funds under the Medicaid and Medicare Part B programs and purchased by certain federal agencies and grantees, we participate in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or VA, Federal Supply Schedule, or FSS, pricing program.  As part of this program, we are obligated to make our products available for procurement on an FSS contract under which we must comply with standard government terms and conditions and charge a price that is no higher than the statutory Federal Ceiling Price, or FCP, to four federal agencies (VA, U.S. Department of Defense, or DOD, Public Health Service, and U.S. Coast Guard).  The FCP is based on the Non-Federal Average Manufacturer Price, or Non-FAMP, which we calculate and report to the VA on a quarterly and annual basis.  Pursuant to applicable law, knowing provision of false information in connection with a Non-FAMP filing can subject a manufacturer to penalties of $100,000 for each item of false information.  These obligations also contain extensive disclosure and certification requirements. 
  We also participate in the Tricare Retail Pharmacy program, under which we pay quarterly rebates on utilization of innovator products that are dispensed through the Tricare Retail Pharmacy network to Tricare beneficiaries.  The rebates are calculated as the difference between the annual Non-FAMP and FCP.  We are required to list our covered products on a Tricare Agreement in order for these products to be eligible for DOD formulary inclusion.  If we overcharge the government in connection with our FSS contract or Tricare Agreement, whether due to a misstated FCP or otherwise, we are required to refund the difference to the government.  Failure to make necessary disclosures and/or to identify contract overcharges can result in allegations against us under the False Claims Act and other laws and regulations.  Unexpected refunds to the government, and responding to a government investigation or enforcement action, would be expensive and time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  Price approvals and reimbursement may not be available for our products, which could diminish our sales or affect our ability to sell our products profitably.* 
  In both U.S. and non-U.S. markets, our ability to commercialize our products successfully, and to attract commercialization partners for our products, depends in significant part on the availability of adequate financial coverage and reimbursement from third party payors, including, in the U.S., governmental payors such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, managed care organizations and private health insurers.  In many countries, price approvals must be obtained before products can be placed on the market or submitted for reimbursement.  Third party payors, including government payors, decide which drugs can be reimbursed and establish reimbursement and co-pay levels and conditions for reimbursement.  Third party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services and examining their cost effectiveness, in addition to their safety and efficacy.  In some cases, for example, third party payors try to encourage the use of less expensive generic products through their prescription benefits coverage and reimbursement and co-pay policies.  We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic and/or clinical studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our products.  Even with such studies, our products may be considered less safe, less effective or less cost-effective than other products, and third party payors may not provide and maintain price approvals, coverage and reimbursement for our products or any of our product candidates that we commercialize, in whole or in part. 
  Political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry in the U.S. to fundamental changes.  There have been, and we expect there will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably.  We anticipate that the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and the private sector will continue to consider and may adopt healthcare policies and reforms intended to curb healthcare costs, particularly given the current atmosphere of mounting criticism of prescription costs in the U.S.  These cost containment measures may include federal and state controls on government-funded reimbursement for drugs; new or increased  
  
   83 

     Table of Contents  

requirements to pay prescription drug rebates to government health care programs; pharmaceutical cost transparency bills that aim to require drug companies to justify their prices through required disclosures; controls on healthcare providers; challenges to the pricing of drugs, or limits or prohibitions on reimbursement for specific products through other means; requirements to try less expensive products or generics before a more expensive branded product; changes in drug importation laws; expansion of use of managed care systems in which healthcare providers contract to provide comprehensive healthcare for a fixed cost per person; and public funding for cost effectiveness research, which may be used by government and private third party payors to make coverage and payment decisions.  For example, in March 2016, CMS proposed to conduct a demonstration project that would reduce the Medicare payment rates for most Part B drugs from average sales price plus 6% to average sales price plus 2% for approximately half of the country.  CMS indicated that it intends to implement this model in 2016 but had not done so as of the third quarter of 2016. 
  Additionally, drug pricing by pharmaceutical companies is currently, and is expected to continue to be, under close scrutiny, including with respect to companies that have increased the price of products after acquiring those products from other companies.  Both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate have conducted numerous hearings with respect to pharmaceutical drug pricing practices, including in connection with the investigation of specific price increases by several pharmaceutical companies.  If we become the subject of any government investigation with respect to our drug pricing or other business practices, we could incur significant expense and could be distracted from execution of our strategy.  Any such investigation could also result in reduced market acceptance and demand for our products, could harm our reputation and our ability to market our products in the future, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  In May and October 2016, we received subpoenas from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Massachusetts requesting documents related to our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients and documents concerning the provision of financial assistance to Medicare patients taking drugs sold by us.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our products    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  If healthcare policies or reforms intended to curb healthcare costs are adopted or if we experience negative publicity with respect to pricing of our products or the pricing of pharmaceutical drugs generally, the prices that we charge for our products, including Xyrem, may be limited, our commercial opportunity may be limited and/or our revenues from sales of our products may be negatively impacted. 
  In addition, much attention has been paid to legislation proposing federal rebates on Medicare Part D and Medicare Advantage utilization for drugs issued to certain groups of lower income beneficiaries and the desire to change the provisions that treat these dual-eligible patients differently from traditional Medicare patients.  Any such changes could have a negative impact on revenues from sales of our products. 
  Further, beginning April 1, 2013, Medicare payments for all items and services, including drugs and biologics, were reduced by 2% under the sequestration (i.e., automatic spending reductions) required by the Budget Control Act of 2011, as amended by the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012.  Subsequent legislation extended the 2% reduction, on average, to 2025.  These cuts reduce reimbursement payments related to our products, which could potentially negatively impact our revenue. 
  Third party payors  practices may affect the conditions required for reimbursement and the availability of reimbursement for our products, including Xyrem and Defitelio.  Our business could be materially harmed if the Medicaid program, Medicare program or other third party payors in the U.S. or elsewhere were to deny reimbursement for our products, limit the indications for which our products will be reimbursed, or provide reimbursement only on unfavorable terms.  This risk is particularly significant with respect to Xyrem and Defitelio, in part due to payor sensitivity to the price of these products.  Third party payors often require prior authorization for, require reauthorization for continuation of, or refuse to provide reimbursement for our products, and others may do so in the future.  As a result of such practices, patients may not be able to obtain prescribed medications due to an inability to afford the medication.  For example, we are experiencing increasingly restrictive conditions for reimbursement required by some third party payors for Xyrem, which may have a material effect on the overall level of reimbursement coverage for Xyrem.  In addition, increases in reimbursement-related activities have extended the time required to fill prescriptions and could continue to do so in the future.  Further, increasing consolidation among third party payors has led to fewer and larger third party payors with increased negotiating power.  In particular, a small number of third party payors cover a significant portion of Xyrem patients.  We have experienced and expect to continue to experience increasing pressure from third party payors to agree to discounts, rebates or other restrictive pricing terms for Xyrem.  If we are unsuccessful in maintaining reimbursement for our products in a timely manner and at acceptable levels, if reimbursement for our products by third party payors is subject to restrictive pricing terms or overly restrictive reimbursement conditions, or if third party payors limit the indications for which our products will be reimbursed or refuse to provide reimbursement, the level of reimbursement for our products would be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  In many countries, procedures to obtain price approvals, coverage and reimbursement can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval.  We launched Defitelio in certain European countries in 2014 and continue to launch in  
  
   84 

     Table of Contents  

additional European countries on a rolling basis.  We are in the process of making pricing and reimbursement submissions with respect to Defitelio in those European countries where Defitelio is not yet launched, including in countries where pricing and reimbursement approvals are required for launch.  We cannot predict the timing of Defitelio s launch in countries where we are engaged in pricing and reimbursement submissions.  If we experience delays or unforeseen difficulties in obtaining favorable pricing and reimbursement approvals, planned launches in the affected countries would be delayed, or, if we are unable to ultimately obtain favorable pricing and reimbursement approvals in countries that represent significant markets, especially where a country s reimbursed price influences other countries, our growth prospects in Europe could be negatively affected.  In addition, on March 30, 2016, the FDA approved our NDA for defibrotide for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with VOD, also known as SOS, with renal or pulmonary dysfunction following HSCT.  We launched Defitelio in the U.S. shortly after FDA approval, and our U.S. commercial launch is still at an early stage.  Our ability to commercialize Defitelio successfully in the U.S. will depend on, among other things, the availability of adequate coverage or reimbursement by U.S. government programs and third party payors.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    While Xyrem remains our largest product, our success also depends on our ability to effectively commercialize our other products and, in the case of our newly acquired product candidate, Vyxeos, our ability to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. and Europe and, if approved, to successfully launch and commercialize Vyxeos.  Our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects    in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  We cannot predict actions third party payors may take, or whether they will limit the price approvals, coverage and level of reimbursement for our products or refuse to provide and maintain any approvals or coverage at all.  For example, because some of our products compete in a market with both branded and generic products, obtaining and maintaining price approvals and reimbursement coverage by government and private payors may be more challenging than for new chemical entities for which no therapeutic alternatives exist.  Additionally, in many countries, reimbursement guidelines and incentives provided to prescribing physicians by third party payors may have a significant impact on the prescribing physicians  willingness to prescribe our products.  For example, the U.S. federal government follows a Medicare severity diagnosis-related group, or MS-DRG, payment system for certain inpatient hospital services provided under Medicare, which some states also use for Medicaid.  The MS-DRG system entitles a hospital to a fixed reimbursement based on discharge diagnoses rather than actual costs incurred in providing inpatient treatment, thereby increasing the incentive for the facility to limit or control expenditures for many healthcare products.  For our products used in the inpatient hospital setting, there may not be sufficient reimbursement under the MS-DRG to fully cover the cost of our products.  We cannot be sure that reimbursement amounts, or the lack of reimbursement, will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our products.  If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to effectively commercialize our products. 
  Third party payors frequently require that drug companies negotiate agreements with them that provide discounts or rebates from list prices or include other restrictive pricing terms.  We have experienced increasing pressure from third party payors to agree to discounts, rebates or other restrictive pricing terms for products such as Xyrem.  In addition, if our competitors reduce the prices of their products, or otherwise demonstrate that they are better or more cost effective than our products, this may result in a greater level of reimbursement for their products relative to our products, which would reduce our sales and harm our results of operations.  The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved.  Third party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular indication.  Any such requirements could have a negative impact on revenues from sales of our products. 
  Payors also are increasingly considering new metrics as the basis for reimbursement rates, such as average sales price, average manufacturer price and actual acquisition cost.  Certain states have begun to survey acquisition cost data for the purpose of setting Medicaid reimbursement rates.  CMS surveys and publishes retail community pharmacy acquisition cost information to provide state Medicaid agencies with a basis of comparison for their own reimbursement and pricing methodologies and rates.  It may be difficult to project the impact of these evolving reimbursement mechanics on the willingness of payors to cover our products.  Any failure to cover our products appropriately, in addition to legislative and regulatory changes and others that may occur in the future, could impact our ability to maximize revenues in the federal marketplace.  A significant portion of our revenue from sales of Erwinaze is obtained through government payors, including Medicaid, and any failure to qualify for reimbursement for Erwinaze under those programs, including as a result of legislative changes to these programs, would have a material adverse effect on revenues from sales of Erwinaze. 
  We expect to experience pricing pressure in the U.S. in connection with the sale of our products due to managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, additional legislative proposals to curb healthcare costs and negative publicity regarding pricing and price increases generally, which could limit the prices that we charge for our products, including Xyrem, limit the commercial opportunities for our products and/or negatively impact revenues from sales of our products.  In various EU member states we expect to be subject to continuous cost-cutting measures, such as lower maximum prices, lower or lack of reimbursement coverage and incentives to use cheaper, usually generic, products as an  
  
   85 

     Table of Contents  

alternative.  If we fail to successfully secure and maintain reimbursement coverage for our products or are significantly delayed in doing so, we will have difficulty achieving market acceptance of our products and our business will be harmed.  We have periodically increased the price of Xyrem, most recently in February 2016,     and we have made and may in the future make similar price increases on our other products.  We cannot assure you that such price adjustments (particularly in the event a generic version with a lower price than Xyrem is introduced) will not negatively affect our reputation and our ability to secure and maintain reimbursement coverage for our products, which could negatively impact our sales volumes and revenue. 
  Health Care Technology Assessment, or HTA, of medicinal products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in some EU member states.  These EU member states include the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Spain, and Sweden.  The HTA process, which is governed by the national laws of these countries, is the procedure according to which the assessment of the public health impact, therapeutic impact and the economic and societal impact of use of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country is conducted.  HTA generally focuses on the clinical efficacy and effectiveness, safety, cost, and cost-effectiveness of individual medicinal products, as well as their potential implications for the healthcare system.  Those elements of medicinal products are compared with other treatment options available on the market.  The outcome of HTA regarding specific medicinal products will often influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to these medicinal products by the competent authorities of individual EU member states.  The extent to which pricing and reimbursement decisions are influenced by the HTA of the specific medicinal product vary between EU member states and cannot be determined or anticipated in relation to our products at the present time.  If we are unable to ultimately obtain favorable pricing and reimbursement approvals in countries that represent significant markets, especially where a country s reimbursed price influences other countries, our growth prospects in Europe could be negatively affected. 
  In the EU, our products are marketed through various channels and within different legal frameworks.  In certain EU member states, reimbursement for unauthorized products may be provided through national named patient programs.  Such reimbursement may no longer be available if authorization for named patient programs expire or are terminated or when marketing authorization is granted.  In other EU member states, authorization and reimbursement policies may also delay commercialization of our products, or may adversely affect our ability to sell our products on a profitable basis.  After initial price and reimbursement approvals, reductions in prices and changes in reimbursement levels can be triggered by multiple factors, including reference pricing systems and publication of discounts by third party payors or authorities in other countries.  In the EU, prices can be reduced further by parallel distribution and parallel trade, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states. 
  We are unable to predict what additional legislation, regulations or policies, if any, relating to the healthcare industry or third party coverage and reimbursement may be enacted in the future or what effect such legislation, regulations or policies would have on our business.  Any cost containment measures, including those listed above, or other healthcare system reforms that are adopted, could negatively affect our growth prospects in Europe. 
  There also continue to be legislative proposals to amend U.S. laws to allow the importation into the U.S. of prescription drugs, which can be sold at prices that are regulated by the governments of various non-U.S. countries.  The potential importation of prescription drugs could pose significant safety concerns for patients, increase the risk of counterfeit products becoming available in the market, and could also have a negative impact on prescription drug prices in the U.S.  For example, the potential importation of Xyrem without the safeguard of our Xyrem REMS could harm patients and could also negatively impact Xyrem revenues. 
  Product liability and product recalls could harm our business. 
  The development, manufacture, testing, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products are associated with significant risks of product liability claims or recalls.  Side effects or adverse events known or reported to be associated with, or manufacturing defects in, the products sold by us could exacerbate a patient s condition, or could result in serious injury or impairments or even death.  This could result in product liability claims and/or recalls of one or more of our products.  Some of our products, including Xyrem and Prialt, have boxed warnings in their labels.  In addition, in the EU, Defitelio s label includes an inverted black triangle that indicates the product is subject to additional monitoring to permit quick identification of new safety information, as a condition of authorization of Defitelio under  exceptional circumstances.   In many countries, including in EU member states, national laws provide for strict (no-fault) liability which applies even where damages are caused both by a defect in a product and by the act or omission of a third party. 
  Product liability claims may be brought by individuals seeking relief for themselves or by groups seeking to represent a class of injured patients.  Further, third party payors, either individually or as a putative class, may bring actions seeking to recover monies spent on one of our products.  The risk of product liability claims may also increase if a company receives a warning letter from a regulatory agency.  Product liability claims are an inherent risk in our business, but we cannot predict the frequency, outcome or cost to defend any such claims. 
  
   86 

     Table of Contents  

Product liability insurance coverage is expensive, can be difficult to obtain and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all.  Our product liability insurance may not cover all of the future liabilities we might incur in connection with the development, manufacture or sale of our products.  In addition, we may not continue to be able to obtain insurance on satisfactory terms or in adequate amounts. 
  A successful claim or claims brought against us in excess of available insurance coverage could subject us to significant liabilities and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  Such claims could also harm our reputation and the reputation of our products, adversely affecting our ability to market our products successfully.  In addition, defending a product liability lawsuit is expensive and can divert the attention of key employees from operating our business. 
  Product recalls may be issued at our discretion or at the discretion of our suppliers, government agencies and other entities that have regulatory authority for pharmaceutical sales.  Any recall of our products could materially adversely affect our business by rendering us unable to sell that product for some time and by adversely affecting our reputation.  A recall could also result in product liability claims by individuals and third party payors.  In addition, product liability claims could result in an investigation of the safety or efficacy of our products, our manufacturing processes and facilities, or our marketing programs conducted by the FDA, the EMA, or the competent authorities of the EU member states.  Such investigations could also potentially lead to a recall of our products or more serious enforcement actions, limitations on the indications for which they may be used, or suspension, variation, or withdrawal of approval.  Any such regulatory action by the FDA, the EC or the competent authorities of the EU member states could lead to product liability lawsuits as well.  
  We use hazardous materials in our manufacturing facilities, and any claims relating to the improper handling, storage, release or disposal of these materials could be time-consuming and expensive. 
  Our operations are subject to complex and increasingly stringent environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the countries where we operate and, in particular, in Italy and Ireland where we have manufacturing facilities.  Environmental and health and safety authorities in the relevant jurisdictions administer laws, which implement EU directives and regulations governing, among other matters, the emission of pollutants into the air (including the workplace), the discharge of pollutants into bodies of water, the storage, use, handling and disposal of hazardous substances, the exposure of persons to hazardous substances, and the general health, safety and welfare of employees and members of the public.  In certain cases, such laws, directives and regulations may impose strict liability for pollution of the environment and contamination resulting from spills, disposals or other releases of hazardous substances or waste or any migration of such hazardous substances or waste.  Costs, damages and/or fines may result from the presence, investigation and remediation of such contamination at properties currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by us or at off-site locations, including where we have arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances or waste.  In addition, we may be subject to third party claims, including for natural resource damages, personal injury and property damage, in connection with such contamination.  Our manufacturing activities in Italy and Ireland involve the controlled storage, use and disposal of chemicals and solvents.  Our environmental policy is designed to comply with current EU laws and regulations on environmental protection, to provide for continuous improvement of our manufacturing performance, to protect our employees  health and safety and to respect the safety of people living close to our plant and in the surrounding community.  Although we believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of these hazardous materials comply with the standards prescribed by these EU laws and regulations, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from hazardous materials.  If an accident occurs, an injured party could seek to hold us liable for any damages that result and any liability could exceed the limits or fall outside the coverage of our insurance.  We may not be able to maintain insurance on acceptable terms, or at all.  We may incur significant costs to comply with current or future EU environmental laws and regulations. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition 
  We have incurred substantial debt, which could impair our flexibility and access to capital and adversely affect our financial position.* 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had total indebtedness of approximately   $2.3 billion  , which included   $721.9 million   principal amount of outstanding secured indebtedness under a credit agreement that we entered into in June 2015 and subsequently amended in July 2016, which we refer to as the amended credit agreement, and   $575.0 million   of outstanding indebtedness under our 1.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2021, or the 2021 Notes, which were issued in August 2014.   
  Our debt may: 
             
    limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; 
     
   87 

     Table of Contents  

limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; 
                
    require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; 
                
    limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; 
                
    result in dilution to our existing shareholders in the event exchanges of our 2021 Notes are settled in our ordinary shares; 
                
    place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and 
                
    increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. 
     Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be subject to financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control.  If we do not have sufficient funds to meet our debt service obligations, we may be required to refinance or restructure all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell securities, none of which we can assure you that we would be able to do in a timely manner, or at all.   
  Covenants in our amended credit agreement restrict our business and operations in many ways and if we do not effectively manage our covenants, our financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected.* 
  The amended credit agreement provides for a   $750.0 million   principal amount term loan due in July 2021 and a   $1.25 billion   revolving credit facility, with loans under such revolving credit facility due in July 2021, subject to early mandatory repayments under certain circumstances.  The amended credit agreement contains various covenants that limit our ability and/or our restricted subsidiaries  ability to, among other things:  
             
    incur or assume liens or additional debt or provide guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons; 
                
    issue redeemable preferred stock; 
                
    pay dividends or distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
                
    prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; 
                
    make loans, investments, acquisitions (including acquisitions of exclusive licenses) and capital expenditures; 
                
    enter into agreements that restrict distributions from our subsidiaries; 
                
    sell assets and capital stock of our subsidiaries; 
                
    enter into certain transactions with affiliates; and 
                
    consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of our assets to, another person. 
     The amended credit agreement also includes financial covenants that require us to maintain a maximum secured leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio.  Our ability to comply with these financial covenants may be affected by events beyond our control.  In addition, the covenants under the amended credit agreement could restrict our operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take specified actions to take advantage of certain business opportunities that may be presented to us.  Our failure to comply with any of the covenants could result in a default under the amended credit agreement, which could permit the lenders to declare all or part of any outstanding borrowings to be immediately due and payable, or to refuse to permit additional borrowings under the revolving credit facility.  A default under the amended credit agreement could also lead to a default under agreements governing our current or future indebtedness, including the indenture governing our 2021 Notes.   
  In addition, the holders of our 2021 Notes have the ability to require us to repurchase their notes for cash if we undergo certain fundamental changes, such as specified change of control transactions, our liquidation or dissolution, or the delisting of our ordinary shares from The NASDAQ Global Select Market.  Moreover, upon exchange of the 2021 Notes, unless we elect to cause to be delivered solely ordinary shares to settle such exchange, we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the 2021 Notes being exchanged.  In this regard, it is our intent and policy to settle the principal amount of the 2021 Notes in cash upon exchange.  However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make any required repurchases of surrendered 2021 Notes or to pay cash upon exchanges of 2021 Notes.  Our failure to repurchase 2021 Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture governing the 2021 Notes or to pay any cash payable on future exchanges of the 2021 Notes as required by the indenture governing the 2021 Notes would constitute a default under that indenture.  A default under that indenture could also lead to a default under agreements governing our current or future indebtedness, including the amended credit agreement.  If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the related indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our business.  In this regard, if we are unable to repay amounts under the  
  
   88 

     Table of Contents  

amended credit agreement, the lenders under the amended credit agreement could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that debt, which would seriously harm our business. 
  We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations. 
  Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt will depend on our future financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control.  We may be unable to maintain a level of positive cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our debt. 
  If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our debt.  These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.  In the absence of such cash flows and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations.  The amended credit agreement restricts our ability to dispose of assets, use the proceeds from any disposition of assets and refinance our indebtedness.  We may not be able to consummate or obtain proceeds from such dispositions, and any such proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
  In addition, our borrowings under the amended credit agreement are, and are expected to continue to be, at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk.  If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even if the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income would decrease. 
  To continue to grow our business, we will need to commit substantial resources, which could result in future losses or otherwise limit our opportunities or affect our ability to operate our business.* 
  The scope of our business and operations has grown substantially since 2012 through a series of transactions, including the business combination between Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Azur Pharma, which we refer to as the Azur Merger, our acquisition of EUSA Pharma Inc., or EUSA Pharma, which we refer to as the EUSA Acquisition, the Gentium Acquisition and the Celator Acquisition.  To continue to grow our business over the longer term, we will need to commit substantial additional resources to in-licensing and/or acquiring new products and product candidates, and to costly and time-consuming product development and clinical trials of our product candidates.  We also intend to continue to invest in our commercial operations in an effort to grow sales of our current products.  Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including many of those discussed above, such as: 
             
    the revenues from our commercial products, which may be affected by many factors, including the extent of generic competition for our products; 
                
    the costs of our commercial operations; 
                
    the costs of integration activities related to any future strategic transactions we may engage in; 
                
    the cost of acquiring and/or in-licensing any new products and product candidates; 
                
    the scope, rate of progress, results and costs of our development and clinical activities; 
                
    the cost and timing of obtaining regulatory approvals and of compliance with laws and regulations; 
                
    the cost of preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 
                
    the cost of investigations, litigation and/or settlements related to regulatory oversight and third party claims; and 
                
    changes in laws and regulations, including, for example, healthcare reform legislation. 
     Our strategy includes the expansion of our business through the acquisition or in-licensing and development of additional marketed products or product candidates that are in late-stage development.  We cannot assure you that we will continue to identify attractive opportunities.  Even if appropriate opportunities are available, in order to compete successfully to acquire attractive products or product candidates in the current business climate, we may have to pay higher prices for assets than may have been paid historically, and we may not have the financial resources necessary to pursue them.  As a result, we may be unable to expand our business if we do not have sufficient capital or cannot borrow or raise additional capital on attractive terms.  In particular, our substantial indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds for acquisitions or to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future acquisitions.  In addition, if we use a substantial amount of our funds to acquire or in-license products or product candidates, we may not have sufficient additional funds to conduct all of our operations in the manner we would otherwise choose. 
  
   89 

     Table of Contents  

We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all.* 
  During the past several years, domestic and international financial markets have experienced extreme disruption from time to time, including, among other things, high volatility and significant declines in stock prices and severely diminished liquidity and credit availability for both borrowers and investors.  We expect to opportunistically seek access to the capital and credit markets to supplement our existing cash balances, cash we expect to generate from operations and funds available under our revolving credit facility to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures and debt service requirements or to continue to grow our business over the longer term through product acquisition and in-licensing, product development and clinical trials of product candidates, and expansion of our commercial operations.  In the event of adverse capital and credit market conditions, including as a result of the potential for Brexit to contribute to sustained instability in the global financial markets, we may not be able to obtain capital market financing or credit on favorable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and growth prospects.  Changes in our credit ratings issued by nationally recognized credit rating agencies could adversely affect our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities.  
  We may not be able to successfully maintain our tax rates, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.* 
  We are incorporated in Ireland and maintain subsidiaries in North America and a number of other foreign jurisdictions.  We are able to achieve a low average tax rate through the performance of certain functions and ownership of certain assets in tax-efficient jurisdictions, together with intra-group service and transfer pricing agreements, each on an arm s length basis.  However, changes in tax laws in any of these jurisdictions could adversely affect our ability to do so in the future.  Taxing authorities, such as the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, actively audit and otherwise challenge these types of arrangements, and have done so in the pharmaceutical industry.  We are subject to reviews and audits by the IRS and other taxing authorities from time to time, and the IRS or other taxing authority may challenge our structure and transfer pricing arrangements through an audit or lawsuit.  For example, in December 2015, we received proposed tax assessment notices from the French tax authorities for 2012 and 2013 relating to certain transfer pricing adjustments.  The notices propose additional taxes of approximately   $42.9 million  , including interest and penalties, through the date of the assessment translated at the foreign exchange rate at   September 30, 2016  .  Responding to or defending against this and other challenges from taxing authorities could be expensive and consume time and other resources, and divert management s time and focus from operating our business.  We generally cannot predict whether taxing authorities will conduct an audit or file a lawsuit challenging our structure, the cost involved in responding to any such audit or lawsuit, or the outcome.  If we are unsuccessful, we may be required to pay taxes for prior periods, interest, fines or penalties, and may be obligated to pay increased taxes in the future, any of which could require us to reduce our operating expenses, decrease efforts in support of our products or seek to raise additional funds.  Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  The IRS may not agree with the conclusion that we should be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes.* 
  Although we are incorporated in Ireland, the IRS may assert that we should be treated as a U.S. corporation (and, therefore, a U.S. tax resident) for U.S. federal tax purposes pursuant to Section 7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code.  For U.S. federal tax purposes, a corporation generally is considered a tax resident in the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation.  Because we are an Irish incorporated entity, we would be classified as a foreign corporation (and, therefore, a non-U.S. tax resident) under these rules.  Section 7874 of the Code provides an exception under which a foreign incorporated entity may, in certain circumstances, be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes.  Because we indirectly acquired all of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s assets through the acquisition of the shares of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. common stock in the Azur Merger, the IRS could assert that we should be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes under Section 7874.  For us to be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes under Section 7874 of the Code, either (1) the former stockholders of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. must have owned (within the meaning of Section 7874 of the Code) less than 80% (by both vote and value) of our ordinary shares by reason of holding shares in Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. after the Azur Merger (the  ownership test ), or (2) we must have substantial business activities in Ireland after the Azur Merger (taking into account the activities of our expanded affiliated group).  The Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. stockholders owned less than 80% of our share capital immediately after the Azur Merger by reason of their ownership of shares of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. common stock.  As a result, we believe that we should be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes under current law.  It is possible that the IRS could disagree with the position that the ownership test is satisfied and assert that Section 7874 of the Code applies to treat us as a U.S. corporation following the Azur Merger.  There is limited guidance regarding the Code Section 7874 provisions, including the application of the ownership test described above.  The IRS continues to scrutinize transactions that are potentially subject to Section 7874, and has issued several sets of final and temporary regulations under Section 7874 since 2012.  Most recently, in April 2016, the IRS issued temporary regulations under Section 7874 reflecting guidance that the IRS previously announced in notices dated  
  
   90 

     Table of Contents  

September 2014 and November 2015, as well as additional guidance.  We do not expect these regulations to affect the U.S. tax consequences of the Azur Merger.  Nevertheless, new statutory and/or regulatory provisions under Section 7874 of the Code or otherwise could be enacted that adversely affect our status as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes, and any such provisions could have retroactive application to us, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., our respective shareholders and/or the Azur Merger.  For more information, see the risk factor under the heading    Future changes to the tax laws under which we expect to be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes or to other tax laws relating to multinational corporations could adversely affect us,     in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 
  Section 7874 of the Code limits Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s ability to utilize its U.S. tax attributes to offset certain U.S. taxable income, if any, generated by certain taxable transactions. 
  Following certain acquisitions of a U.S. corporation by a foreign corporation, Section 7874 of the Code can limit the ability of the acquired U.S. corporation and its U.S. affiliates to utilize U.S. tax attributes such as net operating losses, or NOLs, to offset U.S. taxable income resulting from certain transactions.  Based on the limited guidance available, this limitation applies to us.  As a result, after the Azur Merger, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has not been able and will continue to be unable, for a period of time, to utilize its U.S. tax attributes to offset its U.S. taxable income, if any, resulting from certain taxable transactions.  Notwithstanding this limitation, we plan to fully utilize Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s U.S. NOLs prior to their expiration.  As a result of this limitation, however, it may take Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. longer to use its NOLs.  Moreover, contrary to these plans, it is possible that the limitation under Section 7874 of the Code on the utilization of U.S. tax attributes could prevent Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from fully utilizing its U.S. tax attributes prior to their expiration if Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. does not generate sufficient taxable income. 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s ability to use its net operating losses to offset potential taxable income and related income taxes that would otherwise be due could be subject to further limitations if we do not generate taxable income in a timely manner or if the  ownership change  provisions of Sections 382 and 383 of the Code result in further annual limitations.* 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has a significant amount of NOLs.  Our ability to use these NOLs to offset potential future taxable income and related income taxes that would otherwise be due is dependent upon our generation of future taxable income before the expiration dates of the NOLs, and we cannot predict with certainty when, or whether, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. will generate sufficient taxable income to use all of the NOLs.  In addition, realization of NOLs to offset potential future taxable income and related income taxes that would otherwise be due is subject to annual limitations under the  ownership change  provisions of Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and similar state provisions, which may result in the expiration of additional NOLs before future utilization.  In general, an  ownership change  occurs if, during a three-year rolling period, there is a change of 50% or more in the percentage ownership of a company by 5% shareholders (and certain persons treated as 5% shareholders), as defined in the Code and the U.S. Treasury Department regulations, or Treasury Regulations, promulgated thereunder.  In this regard, we currently estimate that, as a result of these ownership change provisions, we have an annual limitation on the utilization of certain NOLs and credits of $89.0 million, before tax effect, for 2016 and a combined total of $277.4 million, before tax effect, for 2017 to 2026. 
  However, Sections 382 and 383 of the Code are extremely complex provisions with respect to which there are many uncertainties, and we have not requested a ruling from the IRS to confirm our analysis of the ownership change limitations related to the NOLs generated by Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Therefore, we have not established whether the IRS would agree with our analysis regarding the application of Sections 382 and 383 of the Code.  If the IRS were to disagree with our analysis, or if Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. experiences additional ownership changes in the future, we could be subject to further annual limitations on the use of the NOLs to offset potential taxable income and related income taxes that would otherwise be due. 
  Future changes to the tax laws under which we expect to be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes or to other tax laws relating to multinational corporations could adversely affect us.* 
  As described above, under current law, we believe that we should be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes.  However, changes to the Code or the Treasury Regulations or other IRS guidance promulgated thereunder, including under Section 7874 of the Code, could adversely affect our status as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes or could otherwise affect our effective tax rate, and any such changes could have prospective or retroactive application.  In addition, recent legislative proposals have aimed to expand the scope of U.S. corporate tax residence.  This legislation, if passed, could adversely affect us. 
  In addition, the U.S. Congress, the EU, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and other government agencies in jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations.  One example is in the area of  base erosion and profit shifting,  where payments are made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower tax rates.  As a result, the tax laws in Ireland, the U.S. and other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect us. 
  
   91 

     Table of Contents  

We have significant intangible assets and goodwill.  Consequently, the future impairment of our intangible assets and goodwill may significantly impact our profitability.* 
  Our intangible assets and goodwill are significant.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had recorded   $4.0 billion   of intangible assets and goodwill related to our past acquisitions.  Intangible assets and goodwill are subject to an impairment analysis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  Additionally, goodwill and indefinite-lived assets are subject to an impairment test at least annually.   
  Events giving rise to impairment are an inherent risk in the pharmaceutical industry and cannot be predicted.  For example, in January 2016, we terminated a pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial of JZP-416 (pegcrisantaspase), a PEGylated recombinant   Erwinia chrysanthemi   L-asparaginase being developed for the treatment of patients with ALL who are hypersensitive to   E. coli  -derived asparaginase.  As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded an impairment charge of $31.5 million to our acquired in-process research and development.  Our results of operations and financial position in future periods could be negatively impacted should similar or other future impairments of intangible assets or goodwill occur. 
  Our financial results have been and may continue to be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
  We have significant operations in Europe as well as in the U.S., but we report revenues, costs and earnings in U.S. dollars.  Our primary currency translation exposure relates to our subsidiaries that have functional currencies denominated in the euro.  Exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro have fluctuated and are likely to continue to fluctuate from period to period.  Because our financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk as the functional currency financial statements of non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated to U.S. dollars for reporting purposes.  To the extent that revenue and expense transactions are not denominated in the functional currency, we are also subject to the risk of transaction losses.  For example, because our Defitelio and Erwinase product sales outside of the U.S. are primarily denominated in the euro, our sales of those products have been and may continue to be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.  In this regard, when the U.S. dollar strengthens against a foreign currency, the relative value of sales made in the foreign currency decreases.  Conversely, when the U.S. dollar weakens against a foreign currency, the relative value of such sales increases.  Accordingly, increases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies, primarily the euro, could adversely affect our foreign revenues, perhaps significantly.  In addition, as we continue to expand our international operations, we will conduct more transactions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, which could increase our foreign currency exchange risk.  Given the volatility of exchange rates, continued concerns regarding European sovereign debt and instability of the euro, as well as our expanding operations, we cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively manage currency transaction and/or translation risks.  We have not entered into derivative instruments to offset the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.  Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares 
  The market price of our ordinary shares has been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future, and the value of your investment could decline significantly.* 
  The market price for our ordinary shares has fluctuated significantly from time to time, for example, varying between a high of $194.73 on July 31, 2015 and a low of $108.50 on February 11, 2016 during the period from December 31, 2014 through September 30, 2016.  The market price of our ordinary shares is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to significant price and volume fluctuations in response to market, industry and other factors, including the risk factors described above.  The stock market in general, including the market for life sciences companies, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.  In particular, recent negative publicity regarding pricing and price increases by pharmaceutical companies has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, the market for life sciences companies.  These broad market and industry factors have harmed, and in the future may seriously harm, the market price of our ordinary shares, regardless of our operating performance. 
  Our share price may be dependent upon the valuations and recommendations of the analysts who cover our business.  If our results do not meet these analysts  forecasts, the expectations of our investors or the financial guidance we provide to investors in any period, the market price of our ordinary shares could decline.  Our ability to meet analysts  forecasts, investors  expectations and our financial guidance is substantially dependent on our ability to maintain or increase sales of Xyrem.  In addition, we will need to minimize future supply interruptions of Erwinaze in order to meet revenue expectations for Erwinaze.  The risks and uncertainties associated with our ability to maintain or increase sales of Xyrem and Erwinaze include those discussed elsewhere in these risk factors.  In the past, following periods of volatility in the market or significant price decline, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies.  Such litigation, if instituted against us, could  
  
   92 

     Table of Contents  

result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
  In addition, the market price of our ordinary shares may decline if the effects of our transactions, including the Gentium Acquisition, the Celator Acquisition and/or potential future acquisitions, on the financial results of our company are not consistent with the expectations of financial analysts or investors.  The market price of our ordinary shares could also be affected by possible sales of our ordinary shares by holders of our 2021 Notes who may view the 2021 Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in our company and by hedging or arbitrage trading activity involving our ordinary shares by the holders of these notes. 
  Future sales of our ordinary shares in the public market could cause our share price to fall.* 
  Sales of a substantial number of our ordinary shares in the public market, including sales by members of our management or board of directors, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our ordinary shares and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity or equity-related securities.  As of   October 31, 2016  , we had   59,892,335   ordinary shares outstanding, all of which shares are eligible for sale in the public market, subject in some cases to the volume limitations and manner of sale and other requirements under Rule 144.  In addition, future issuances by us of our ordinary shares upon the exercise or settlement of equity-based awards and exchanges of our 2021 Notes would dilute existing shareholders  ownership interests in our company, and any sales in the public market of these ordinary shares, or the perception that these sales might occur, could also adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 
  Moreover, we have in the past and may in the future grant rights to some of our shareholders that require us to register the resale of our ordinary shares on behalf of these shareholders and/or facilitate offerings of ordinary shares held by these shareholders, including in connection with potential future acquisitions of additional products, product candidates or companies.  For example, consistent with our obligations under then-existing registration rights agreements, we entered into underwriting agreements with certain underwriters and selling shareholders pursuant to which selling shareholders sold an aggregate of approximately 13 million ordinary shares in two separate registered public offerings in March 2012 and in March 2013.  We have also filed registration statements to register the sale of our ordinary shares reserved for issuance under our equity incentive and employee stock purchase plans, and we intend to file additional registration statements to register any shares automatically added each year to the share reserves under these plans. 
  We are subject to Irish law, which differs from the laws in effect in the U.S. and may afford less protection to holders of our securities.* 
  It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the U.S. against us in Ireland based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws.  In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws.  We have been advised that the U.S. currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.  Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Ireland. 
  As an Irish company, we are governed by the Irish Companies Act 2014, which differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including, among others, differences relating to interested director and officer transactions and shareholder lawsuits.  Likewise, the duties of directors and officers of an Irish company are generally owed to the company only.  Shareholders of Irish companies generally do not have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may exercise such rights of action on behalf of the company only in limited circumstances.  Accordingly, holders of our securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the U.S. 
  Provisions of our articles of association, Irish law and the indenture governing our 2021 Notes could delay or prevent a takeover of us by a third party.* 
  Our articles of association could delay, defer or prevent a third party from acquiring us, despite the possible benefit to our shareholders, or otherwise adversely affect the price of our ordinary shares.  For example, our articles of association: 
             
    impose advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at shareholder meetings; 
                
    stagger the terms of our board of directors into three classes;  
                
    require the approval of a supermajority of the voting power of the shares of our share capital entitled to vote generally at a meeting of shareholders to amend or repeal our articles of association; and 
     
   93 

     Table of Contents  

permit our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred shares with rights and preferences, as our shareholders may determine by ordinary resolution. 
     In addition, several mandatory provisions of Irish law could prevent or delay an acquisition of us.  For example, Irish law does not permit shareholders of an Irish public limited company to take action by written consent with less than unanimous consent, and the shareholder approval requirements for certain types of transactions differ from those in the U.S., and in some cases are greater, under Irish law.  We are also subject to various provisions of Irish law relating to mandatory bids, voluntary bids, requirements to make a cash offer and minimum price requirements, as well as substantial acquisition rules and rules requiring the disclosure of interests in our shares in certain circumstances.  Furthermore, the indenture governing our 2021 Notes requires us to repurchase the notes for cash if we undergo certain fundamental changes and, in certain circumstances, to increase the exchange rate for a holder of 2021 Notes.  A takeover of us may trigger the requirement that we purchase our 2021 Notes and/or increase the exchange rate, which could make it more costly for a potential acquiror to engage in a business combination transaction with us. 
  These provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our ordinary shares at a premium over the market price or adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our ordinary shares.  These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other shareholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our board. 
  We have never declared or paid dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 
  Other than funds we have allocated for the purposes of supporting our share repurchase program authorized in November 2016, we anticipate that we will retain all earnings, if any, to support our operations and our proprietary drug development programs, acquire or in-license additional products and product candidates, and pursue other opportunities.  If we propose to pay dividends in the future, we must do so in accordance with Irish law, which provides that distributions including dividend payments, share repurchases and redemptions be funded from  distributable reserves.   In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on or repurchase our ordinary shares is restricted under the terms of the amended credit agreement.  Any future determination as to the payment of dividends will, subject to Irish legal requirements, be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, compliance with the terms of the amended credit agreement and other factors our board of directors deems relevant.  Accordingly, holders of our ordinary shares must rely on increases in the trading price of their shares for returns on their investment in the foreseeable future. 
  A transfer of our ordinary shares may be subject to Irish stamp duty. 
  In certain circumstances, the transfer of shares in an Irish incorporated company will be subject to Irish stamp duty, which is a legal obligation of the buyer.  This duty is currently charged at the rate of 1.0% of the price paid or the market value of the shares acquired, if higher.  Because our ordinary shares are traded on a recognized stock exchange in the U.S., an exemption from this stamp duty is available to transfers by shareholders who hold our ordinary shares beneficially through brokers which in turn hold those shares through the Depositary Trust Company, or DTC, to holders who also hold through DTC.  However, a transfer by a record holder who holds our ordinary shares directly in his, her or its own name could be subject to this stamp duty.  We, in our absolute discretion and insofar as the Irish Companies Act 2014 or any other applicable law permit, may, or may provide that a subsidiary of ours will, pay Irish stamp duty arising on a transfer of our ordinary shares on behalf of the transferee of such ordinary shares.  If stamp duty resulting from the transfer of our ordinary shares which would otherwise be payable by the transferee is paid by us or any of our subsidiaries on behalf of the transferee, then in those circumstances, we will, on our behalf or on behalf of our subsidiary (as the case may be), be entitled to (i) seek reimbursement of the stamp duty from the transferee, (ii) set-off the stamp duty against any dividends payable to the transferee of those ordinary shares and (iii) claim a first and permanent lien on the ordinary shares on which stamp duty has been paid by us or our subsidiary for the amount of stamp duty paid.  Our lien shall extend to all dividends paid on those ordinary shares. 
  Dividends paid by us may be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax. 
  In certain circumstances, as an Irish tax resident company, we will be required to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax (currently at the rate of 20%) from dividends paid to our shareholders.  Shareholders that are resident in the U.S., EU countries (other than Ireland) or other countries with which Ireland has signed a tax treaty (whether the treaty has been ratified or not) generally should not be subject to Irish withholding tax so long as the shareholder has provided its broker, for onward transmission to our qualifying intermediary or other designated agent (in the case of shares held beneficially), or us or our transfer agent (in the case of shares held directly), with all the necessary documentation by the appropriate due date prior to payment of the dividend.  However, some shareholders may be subject to withholding tax, which could adversely affect the price of our ordinary shares. 
  
   94 

     Table of Contents  

Our auditor, like other independent registered public accounting firms operating in Ireland and a number of other European countries, is not currently permitted to be subject to inspection by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB, and as such, our investors currently do not have the benefits of PCAOB oversight. 
  As an auditor of companies that are publicly-traded in the U.S. and as a firm registered with the PCAOB, our independent registered public accounting firm is required by the laws of the U.S. to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the U.S. and the professional standards of the PCAOB.  However, because our auditor is located in Ireland, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections, our auditor is not currently inspected by the PCAOB.  Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside of Ireland have at times identified deficiencies in those auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality.  The lack of PCAOB inspections in Ireland prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditor s audits and its quality control procedures.  In addition, the inability of the PCAOB to conduct auditor inspections in Ireland makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors located outside of Ireland that are subject to regular PCAOB inspections.  As a result, our investors are deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections, and may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements. 

95 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.            Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
  The following table summarizes purchases of our ordinary shares made by or on behalf of us or any of our  affiliated purchasers  as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during each fiscal month during the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  :   

_________________________ 
           (1) 
    This table does not include ordinary shares that we withheld in order to satisfy minimum tax withholding requirements in connection with the vesting and release of restricted stock units. 
              (2) 
    Average price paid per ordinary share includes brokerage commissions. 
              (3) 
    The ordinary shares reported in the table above were purchased pursuant to our publicly announced share repurchase program.  In November 2015, we announced that our board of directors authorized the use of up to $300 million to repurchase our ordinary shares.  This authorization has no expiration date. 
              (4) 
    The dollar amount shown represents, as of the end of each period, the approximate dollar value of ordinary shares that may yet be purchased under our publicly announced share repurchase program, exclusive of any brokerage commissions.  The timing and amount of repurchases depends on a variety of factors, including the price of our ordinary shares, alternative investment opportunities, restrictions under our credit agreement, corporate and regulatory requirements and market conditions.  The share repurchase program may be modified, suspended, otherwise discontinued or resumed at any time without prior notice.  We temporarily suspended our share repurchase program in June 2016 in connection with the Celator Acquisition and resumed the program in August 2016.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we completed repurchases under this share repurchase program, and no authorized amounts remained under this program.  
       
  On November 3, 2016, our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase a number of ordinary shares having an aggregate purchase price of up to $300 million, exclusive of any brokerage commissions.  Under this program, which has no expiration date, we may repurchase ordinary shares from time to time on the open market.  The timing and amount of repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including the price of our ordinary shares, alternative investment opportunities, restrictions under the amended credit agreement, corporate and regulatory requirements and market conditions.  The new share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 

96 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.   
    Exhibits 
                    Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description of Document 
      2.1 
    Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 19, 2011, by and among Azur Pharma Limited (now Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc), Jaguar Merger Sub Inc., Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Seamus Mulligan, solely in his capacity as the Indemnitors  Representative (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on September 19, 2011). 
      2.2 
    Letter Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2012, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Jaguar Merger Sub Inc. Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Seamus Mulligan, solely in his capacity as the Indemnitors  Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on January 18, 2012). 
      2.3 
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 26, 2012, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Jewel Merger Sub Inc., EUSA Pharma Inc., and Essex Woodlands Health Ventures, Inc., Mayflower L.P., and Bryan Morton, in their capacity as the representatives of the equity holders of EUSA Pharma Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on April 27, 2012). 
      2.4 
    Assignment, dated as of June 11, 2012, by and between Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1B in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on June 12, 2012). 
      2.5 
    Tender Offer Agreement, dated December 19, 2013, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals Public Limited Company, Jazz Pharmaceuticals Italy S.r.l. and Gentium S.p.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K/A (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on December 20, 2013). 
      2.6  
    Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 13, 2014, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals International III Limited, Aerial BioPharma, LLC and Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on January 13, 2014). 
      2.7  
    Assignment Agreement, dated July 1, 2014, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals International II Limited, Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and Gentium S.p.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 5, 2014). 
      2.8 
    Amended and Restated Agreement for the Acquisition of the Topaz Portfolio Business of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, dated March 20, 2015, between Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and Essex Bidco Limited (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on March 23, 2015). 
      2.9 
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 27, 2016, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Plex Merger Sub, Inc. and Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on May 31, 2016). 
      3.1 
    Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, as amended on August 4, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in Jazz Pharmaceutical plc s quarterly report on Form 10 Q (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016). 
      4.1 
    Reference is made to Exhibit 3.1. 
      4.2A 
    Investor Rights Agreement, dated July 7, 2009 by and between Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the other parties named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.88 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on July 7, 2009). 
      4.2B 
    Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2012, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and the other parties named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7B in the annual report on Form 10 K (File No. 001-33500) for the period ended December 31, 2011, as filed by Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on behalf of and as successor to Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. with the SEC on February 28, 2012). 
      4.2C 
    Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2014, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Jazz Investments I Limited and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 13, 2014). 

97 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description of Document 
      4.2D 
    Form of 1.875% Exchangeable Senior Note due 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 13, 2014). 
      10.1 
    Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 12, 2016, to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2015, among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Jazz Securities Limited, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Jazz Financing I Limited, Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Collateral Agent, Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Jazz  Pharmaceutical plc s quarterly report on Form 10 Q (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016). 
      10.2+ 
    Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
      10.3+ 
    Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan. 
      10.4+ 
    Form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan. 
      10.5+ 
    Form of Non-U.S. Option Grant Notice and Form of Non-U.S. Option Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated Non-Employee Directors 2007 Stock Award Plan. 
      10.6+ 
    Form of U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Form of U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
      10.7+ 
    Form of U.S. Option Grant Notice and Form of U.S. Option Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
      10.8+ 
    Form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
      31.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
      31.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
      32.1* 
    Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

__________________ 
    
           + 
    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
                
    Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC.  
              * 
    The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed  filed  by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
     
   98 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
  Date:  November 8, 2016    
    
                              JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
  (Registrant) 
        
      /s/ Bruce C. Cozadd 
      Bruce C. Cozadd 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 
        
      /s/ Matthew P. Young 
      Matthew P. Young 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 
        
      /s/ Karen J. Wilson 
      Karen J. Wilson 
      Senior Vice President, Finance 
  (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
                 Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description of Document 
      2.1 
    Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 19, 2011, by and among Azur Pharma Limited (now Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc), Jaguar Merger Sub Inc., Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Seamus Mulligan, solely in his capacity as the Indemnitors  Representative (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on September 19, 2011). 
      2.2 
    Letter Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2012, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Jaguar Merger Sub Inc. Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Seamus Mulligan, solely in his capacity as the Indemnitors  Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on January 18, 2012). 
      2.3 
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 26, 2012, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Jewel Merger Sub Inc., EUSA Pharma Inc., and Essex Woodlands Health Ventures, Inc., Mayflower L.P., and Bryan Morton, in their capacity as the representatives of the equity holders of EUSA Pharma Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on April 27, 2012). 
      2.4 
    Assignment, dated as of June 11, 2012, by and between Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1B in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on June 12, 2012). 
      2.5 
    Tender Offer Agreement, dated December 19, 2013, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals Public Limited Company, Jazz Pharmaceuticals Italy S.r.l. and Gentium S.p.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K/A (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on December 20, 2013). 
      2.6  
    Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 13, 2014, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals International III Limited, Aerial BioPharma, LLC and Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on January 13, 2014). 
      2.7  
    Assignment Agreement, dated July 1, 2014, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals International II Limited, Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and Gentium S.p.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 5, 2014). 
      2.8 
    Amended and Restated Agreement for the Acquisition of the Topaz Portfolio Business of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, dated March 20, 2015, between Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and Essex Bidco Limited (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on March 23, 2015). 
      2.9 
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 27, 2016, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Plex Merger Sub, Inc. and Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on May 31, 2016). 
      3.1 
    Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, as amended on August 4, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in Jazz Pharmaceutical plc s quarterly report on Form 10 Q (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016). 
      4.1 
    Reference is made to Exhibit 3.1. 
    
      4.2A 
    Investor Rights Agreement, dated July 7, 2009 by and between Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the other parties named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.88 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on July 7, 2009). 
      4.2B 
    Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2012, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and the other parties named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7B in the annual report on Form 10 K (File No. 001-33500) for the period ended December 31, 2011, as filed by Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on behalf of and as successor to Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. with the SEC on February 28, 2012). 
      4.2C 
    Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2014, by and among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Jazz Investments I Limited and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 13, 2014). 

Table of Contents  

4.2D 
    Form of 1.875% Exchangeable Senior Note due 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s current report on Form 8 K (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 13, 2014). 
      10.1 
    Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 12, 2016, to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2015, among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Jazz Securities Limited, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Jazz Financing I Limited, Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Collateral Agent, Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Jazz  Pharmaceutical plc s quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33500), as filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016). 
      10.2+ 
    Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
      10.3+ 
    Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan. 
      10.4+ 
    Form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan. 
      10.5+ 
    Form of Non-U.S. Option Grant Notice and Form of Non-U.S. Option Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated Non-Employee Directors 2007 Stock Award Plan. 
      10.6+ 
    Form of U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Form of U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
      10.7+ 
    Form of U.S. Option Grant Notice and Form of U.S. Option Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
      10.8+ 
    Form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
      31.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
      31.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
      32.1* 
    Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

__________________ 
    
           + 
    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
                
    Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC.  
              * 
    The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed  filed  by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 jazzq32016ex102.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  1.  General. 
  (a)  Relationship to 2007 Plan and 2003 Plan.    From and after 12:01 a.m. Pacific time     on the Effective Date, all outstanding stock awards granted under the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the    2007 Plan   ), which was the successor to and continuation of the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 2003 Equity Incentive Plan (the    2003 Plan   ), will remain subject to the terms of the 2007 Plan or the 2003 Plan, as applicable;   provided, however  , that any Ordinary Shares subject to outstanding stock awards granted under the 2007 Plan or the 2003 Plan that (i) expire or terminate for any reason prior to exercise or settlement, (ii) are forfeited because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such Ordinary Shares or repurchased by the Company or an Affiliate at the original issuance price or (iii) are reacquired by the Company or an Affiliate or withheld (or not issued) to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an award (the    Returning Shares   ) will immediately be added to the Share Reserve (as further described in Section 3(a) below) as and when such Ordinary Shares become Returning Shares, and become available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan. 
  (b)  Eligible Award Recipients.    The persons eligible to receive Awards are Employees. 
  (c)  Available Awards.    The Plan provides for the grant of the following Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards, (vi) Performance Stock Awards, (vii) Performance Cash Awards, and (viii) Other Stock Awards. 
  (d)  Purpose.    The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to secure and retain the services of the group of persons eligible to receive Awards as set forth in Section 1(b), to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and to provide a means by which such eligible recipients may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Ordinary Shares through the granting of Awards. 
  2.  Administration. 
  (a)  Administration by Board.    The Board shall administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c). 
  (b)  Powers of Board.    The Board shall have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: 
  (i)  To determine from time to time (A) which of the persons eligible under the Plan shall be granted Awards; (B) when and how each Award shall be granted; (C) what type or combination of types of Award shall be granted; (D) the provisions of each Award granted (which need not be identical), including the time or times when a person shall be permitted to receive cash or Ordinary Shares pursuant to a Stock Award; (E) the number of Ordinary Shares with respect to which a Stock Award shall be granted to each such person; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award. 
  
    1  . 

(ii)  To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration.  The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement or in the written terms of a Performance Cash Award, in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective. 
  (iii)  To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it. 
  (iv)  To accelerate the time at which an Award may first be exercised or the time during which an Award or any part thereof will vest in accordance with the Plan, notwithstanding the provisions in the Award stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time during which it will vest. 
  (v)  To effect, at any time and from time to time, with the consent of any adversely affected Participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise price (or strike price) of any outstanding Option or SAR under the Plan, provided this does not reduce the exercise price or strike price below the nominal value of an Ordinary Share; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding Option or SAR under the Plan and the grant in substitution therefor of (1) a new Option or SAR under the Plan or another equity plan of the Company covering the same or a different number of Ordinary Shares, (2) a Restricted Stock Award, (3) a Restricted Stock Unit Award, (4) an Other Stock Award, (5) cash and/or (6) other valuable consideration (as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion); or (C) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. 
  (vi)  To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time.  Suspension or termination of the Plan shall not impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant. 
  (vii)  To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable. However, except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, to the extent required by applicable law or listing requirements, shareholder approval shall be required for any amendment of the Plan that either (A) materially increases the number of Ordinary Shares available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan or materially reduces the price at which Ordinary Shares may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (D) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (E) expands the types of Awards available for issuance under the Plan.  Except as provided above, rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 
  (viii)  To submit any amendment to the Plan for shareholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of (A) Section 162(m) of the Code regarding the exclusion of performance-based compensation from the limit on corporate deductibility of compensation paid to Covered Employees, (B) Section 422 of the Code regarding incentive stock options or (C) Rule 16b-3. 
  (ix)  To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion;   provided, however  , that except with respect to amendments that disqualify or impair the status of an Incentive Stock Option, a Participant s rights under any Award shall not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the limitations of  
  
    2  . 

applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Awards without the affected Participant s consent if necessary to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option or to bring the Award into compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
  (x)  Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and any Affiliates and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards. 
  (xi)  To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States. 
  (c)  Delegation to Committee. 
  (i)  General.    The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees.  If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in the Plan to the Board shall thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board.  The Committee may, at any time, abolish the subcommittee and/or revest in the Committee any powers delegated to the subcommittee.  The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 
  (ii)  Section 162(m) and Rule 16b-3 Compliance.    The Committee may consist solely of two or more Outside Directors, in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code, or solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3. 
  (d)  Delegation to an Officer.    The Board may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following: (i) designate Employees who are providing Continuous Service to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and the terms thereof, and (ii) determine the number of Ordinary Shares to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees;   provided, however  ,     that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation shall specify the total number of Ordinary Shares that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may not delegate authority to an Officer to determine the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 13(w)(iii) below. 
  (e)  Effect of Board s Decision.   All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith shall not be subject to review by any person and shall be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 
  3.  Shares Subject to the Plan. 
  (a)  Share Reserve.    Subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards from and after the Effective Date shall not exceed eight million three hundred thirty five thousand two hundred fifty five (8,335,255) Ordinary Shares (the    Share Reserve   ), which number is the sum of (i) five million (5,000,000) Ordinary Shares, plus (ii) an additional number of Ordinary Shares in an amount not to exceed three million three hundred thirty five thousand two hundred fifty five (3,335,255) Ordinary Shares (which  
  
    3  . 

number consists of the Returning Shares, if any, as such shares become available from time to time).  In addition, the number of Ordinary Shares available for issuance under the Plan shall automatically increase on January 1st of each year for a period of ten (10) years commencing on January 1, 2013 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2022, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) four and one-half percent (4.5%) of the total number of Ordinary Shares outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year or (ii) five million (5,000,000) Ordinary Shares.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to the first day of any calendar year, to provide that there shall be no increase in the Share Reserve for such calendar year or that the increase in the Share Reserve for such calendar year shall be a lesser number of Ordinary Shares than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence.  For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of Ordinary Shares that may be issued pursuant to the Plan.  Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 7(a).  Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by, as applicable, NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) or, if applicable, NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance shall not reduce the number of Ordinary Shares available for issuance under the Plan.  Furthermore, if a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the Ordinary Shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash (  i.e.  , the Participant receives cash rather than Ordinary Shares), such expiration, termination or settlement shall not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of Ordinary Shares that may be available for issuance under the Plan. 
  (b)  Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve.    If (i) any Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company or any Affiliate because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such Ordinary Shares, or (ii) any Ordinary Shares are cancelled in accordance with the cancellation and regrant provisions of Section 2(b)(v), then the Ordinary Shares that are forfeited, repurchased or canceled shall revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan.  If any Ordinary Shares subject to a Stock Award are not delivered to a Participant because such Ordinary Shares are withheld for the payment of taxes pursuant to Section 8(g) or a Stock Award is exercised through a reduction of Ordinary Shares subject to the Stock Award (  i.e  .,  net exercised ) or an appreciation distribution in respect of a Stock Appreciation Right is paid in Ordinary Shares, the number of Ordinary Shares subject to the Stock Award that are not delivered to the Participant shall remain available for subsequent issuance under the Plan.  If the exercise price of any Stock Award is satisfied by tendering Ordinary Shares held by the Participant (either by actual delivery or attestation), then the number of Ordinary Shares so tendered shall remain available for issuance under the Plan. 
  (c)  Incentive Stock Option Limit.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3 and, subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of Ordinary Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options shall be one hundred million (100,000,000) Ordinary Shares. 
  (d)  Section 162(m) Limitation on Annual Grants  .  Subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, at such time as the Company may be subject to the applicable provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code, a maximum of two million (2,000,000) Ordinary Shares subject to Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and Other Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value on the date any such Stock Award is granted may be granted to any Participant during any calendar year.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any additional Options, Stock Appreciation Rights or Other Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value on the date the Stock Awards are granted to any Participant during any calendar year, compensation attributable to the exercise of such additional Stock Awards shall not satisfy  
  
    4  . 

the requirements to be considered  qualified performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code unless such additional Stock Awards are approved by the Company s shareholders. 
  (e)  Source of Shares.    The shares issuable under the Plan shall be authorized but unissued or reacquired Ordinary Shares, including Ordinary Shares repurchased by the Company or any Affiliate on the open market or otherwise. 
  4.  Eligibility. 
  (a)  Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards  .  Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a  parent corporation  or  subsidiary corporation  thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code).  Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees;   provided, however  , that Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs may not be granted to Employees who are providing Continuous Service only to any  parent  of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act, unless the Ordinary Shares underlying such Stock Awards are treated as  service recipient stock  under Section 409A of the Code because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction (such as a spin off transaction) or unless such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
  (b)  Ten Percent Shareholders.    A Ten Percent Shareholder shall not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the date of grant. 
  5.  Provisions Relating to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. 
  Each Option or SAR shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate.  All Options shall be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates shall be issued for Ordinary Shares purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, then the Option shall be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical;   provided, however  , that each Option Agreement or Stock Appreciation Right Agreement shall conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
  (a)  Term.    Subject to     the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, no Option or SAR shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement. 
  (b)  Exercise Price.    Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, the exercise price (or strike price) of each Option or SAR shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Option or SAR is granted.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise price (or strike price) lower than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Option or SAR if such Option or SAR is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and, if applicable, 424(a) of the Code, provided that in all cases the exercise price is not less than the nominal value of an Ordinary Share.  Each SAR will be denominated in Ordinary Share equivalents. 
  
    5  . 

(c)  Purchase Price for Options.    The purchase price of Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option shall be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up.  The Board shall have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to utilize a particular method of payment.  The permitted methods of payment are as follows: 
  (i)  by cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company; 
  (ii)  pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds; 
  (iii)  by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Ordinary Shares; 
  (iv)  if the option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a  net exercise  arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of Ordinary Shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price;   provided, however  , that the Company shall accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole Ordinary Shares to be issued;   provided, further,   that Ordinary Shares will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise are reduced to pay the exercise price pursuant to the  net exercise,  (B) Ordinary Shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) Ordinary Shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; or 
  (v)  in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. 
  (d)  Exercise and Payment of a SAR.    To exercise any outstanding Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such Stock Appreciation Right.  The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right) of a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the number of Ordinary Share equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such Stock Appreciation Right, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the Stock Appreciation Right on such date, over (B) the strike price that will be determined by the Board at the time of grant of the Stock Appreciation Right.  The appreciation distribution in respect to a Stock Appreciation Right may be paid in Ordinary Shares, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such Stock Appreciation Right;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to a Stock Appreciation Right the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up. 
  (e)  Transferability of Options and SARs.    The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board shall determine.  In the absence of such  
  
    6  . 

a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs shall apply: 
  (i)  Restrictions on Transfer.    An Option or SAR shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant;   provided, however  , that the Board may, in its sole discretion, permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws upon the Participant s request.  Except as explicitly provided herein, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration. 
  (ii)  Domestic Relations Orders.    Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2).  If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. 
  (iii)  Beneficiary Designation.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company and any broker designated by the Company to effect Option exercises, designate a third party who, in the event of the death of the Participant, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Ordinary Shares or other consideration resulting from such exercise.  In the absence of such a designation, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate shall be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Ordinary Shares or other consideration resulting from such exercise. 
  (f)  Vesting Generally.    The total number of Ordinary Shares subject to an Option or SAR may vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal.  The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of Performance Goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate.  The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary.  The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of Ordinary Shares as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised. 
  (g)  Termination of Continuous Service.    Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause or upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three (3) months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Award Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified herein or in the Award Agreement (as applicable), the Option or SAR shall terminate. 
  (h)  Extension of Termination Date.    If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Ordinary Shares would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of three (3) months (that need not be consecutive) after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements or five (5) days (that need not be consecutive) after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for Cause, as applicable, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the  
  
    7  . 

Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.  In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Award Agreement, if the immediate sale of any Ordinary Shares received upon exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Ordinary Shares received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 
  (i)  Disability of Participant.    Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12) months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified herein or in the Award Agreement (as applicable), the Option or SAR (as applicable) shall terminate. 
  (j)  Death of Participant.    Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (for a reason other than death), then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date eighteen (18) months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the time specified herein or in the Award Agreement (as applicable), the Option or SAR shall terminate. 
  (k)  Termination for Cause.    Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date five (5) days following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Award Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified herein or in the Award Agreement (as applicable), the Option or SAR shall terminate. 
  (l)  Non-Exempt Employees  .  No Option or SAR, whether or not vested, granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, shall be first exercisable for any Ordinary Shares until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR. Notwithstanding the foregoing, consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) in the event of the Participant s death or Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the  
  
    8  . 

Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Award Agreement or in another applicable agreement or in accordance with the Company s (or Affiliate s, if applicable) then current employment policies and guidelines), any such vested Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant.  The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. 
  6.  Provisions of Stock Awards other than Options and SARs. 
  (a)  Restricted Stock Awards.    Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate.  To the extent consistent with the Company s Bylaws, at the Board s election, Ordinary Shares may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate shall be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board.  The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical;   provided, however  , that each Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
  (i)  Consideration.    A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration (including future services) that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up. 
  (ii)  Vesting.    Ordinary Shares awarded under a Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 
  (iii)  Termination of Participant s Continuous Service.    If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company or any Affiliate may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the Ordinary Shares held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
  (iv)  Transferability.    Rights to acquire Ordinary Shares under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board shall determine in its sole discretion, so long as the Ordinary Shares awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remain subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
  (v)  Dividends.    A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the Ordinary Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate. 
  (b)  Restricted Stock Unit Awards.    Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate.  The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical;   provided, however  ,    
  
    9  . 

that each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
  (i)  Consideration.    At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid upon delivery of each Ordinary Share subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award.  The consideration to be paid (if any) for each Ordinary Share subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Award the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up. 
  (ii)  Vesting.    At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 
  (iii)  Payment  .  A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of Ordinary Shares, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
  (iv)  Additional Restrictions.    At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the Ordinary Shares (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
  (v)  Dividend Equivalents.    Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of Ordinary Shares covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement.  At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Ordinary Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board.  Any additional Ordinary Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 
  (vi)  Termination of Participant s Continuous Service.    Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 
  (c)  Performance Awards  . 
  (i)  Performance Stock Awards  .  A Performance Stock Award is a Stock Award that may be granted, may vest or may be exercised contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals.  A Performance Stock Award may, but need not, require the completion of a specified period of Continuous Service. The length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained with respect to a Performance Stock Award shall be conclusively determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion;   provided, however  , that the Board also may make any such determinations to the extent that the Performance Stock Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code.  The maximum number of Ordinary Shares covered by an Award that may be granted to any Participant in a calendar year attributable to Performance Stock Awards (whether the grant, vesting or exercise is contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of the Performance Goals) shall not exceed two million (2,000,000) Ordinary Shares.  The Board may provide for or, subject to such terms and  
  
    10  . 

conditions as the Board may specify, may permit a Participant to elect for, the payment of any Performance Stock Award to be deferred to a specified date or event.  In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and the applicable Award Agreement, the Board may determine that cash may be used in payment of Performance Stock Awards. 
  (ii)  Performance Cash Awards  .  A Performance Cash Award is a cash award that may be paid contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals.  A Performance Cash Award may, but need not, require the completion of a specified period of Continuous Service.  The length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained with respect to a Performance Cash Award shall be conclusively determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion;   provided, however  , that the Board also may make any such determinations to the extent that the Performance Cash Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code.  The maximum value that may be paid to any Participant in a calendar year pursuant to Performance Cash Awards shall not exceed fifteen million dollars ($15,000,000).  The Board may provide for or, subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify, may permit a Participant to elect for, the payment of any Performance Cash Award to be deferred to a specified date or event.  The Board may specify the form of payment of Performance Cash Awards, which may be cash or other property, or may provide for a Participant to have the option for his or her Performance Cash Award, or such portion thereof as the Board may specify, to be paid in whole or in part in cash or other property. 
  (iii)  Committee and Board Discretion  .  The Committee retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon the attainment of any Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for a Performance Period with respect to a Performance Stock Award or Performance Cash Award;   provided, however  , that the Board also retains any such discretion to the extent that the Performance Stock Award or Performance Cash Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code.   
  (iv)  Section 162(m) Compliance  .  Unless otherwise permitted in compliance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code with respect to an Award intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  thereunder, the Committee shall establish the Performance Goals applicable to, and the formula for calculating the amount payable under, the Award no later than the earlier of (a) the date ninety (90) days after the commencement of the applicable Performance Period, or (b) the date on which twenty-five percent (25%) of the Performance Period has elapsed, and in either event at a time when the achievement of the applicable Performance Goals remains substantially uncertain.  Prior to the payment of any compensation under an Award intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall certify the extent to which any Performance Goals and any other material terms under such Award have been satisfied (other than in cases where such relate solely to the increase in the value of the Ordinary Shares).  Notwithstanding the satisfaction of any Performance Goals, to the extent specified at the time of grant of an Award to any  covered employee  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code that is intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  thereunder, the number of Ordinary Shares, Options, cash or other benefits granted, issued, retainable and/or vested under the Award on account of the satisfaction of such Performance Goals may be reduced by the Committee on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine. 
  (d)  Other Stock Awards  .  Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Ordinary Shares, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or share rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6.  Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board shall have  
  
    11  . 

sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of Ordinary Shares (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to an Other Stock Award the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up. 
  7.  Covenants of the Company. 
  (a)  Availability of Shares.    During the terms of the Stock Awards, the Company shall keep available at all times the number of Ordinary Shares reasonably required to satisfy such Stock Awards. 
  (b)  Securities Law Compliance.    The Company shall seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Stock Awards;   provided, however  , that this undertaking shall not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award.  If, after reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Ordinary Shares under the Plan, the Company shall be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Ordinary Shares upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant shall not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award or the subsequent issuance of Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Stock Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. 
  (c)  No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes.    The Company and any Affiliates shall have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising a Stock Award.  Furthermore, the Company and any Affiliates shall have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of a Stock Award or a possible period in which the Stock Award may not be exercised.  The Company and any Affiliates have no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of a Stock Award to the holder of such Stock Award. 
  8.  Miscellaneous. 
  (a)  Use of Proceeds from Sales of Ordinary Shares.    Proceeds from the sale of Ordinary Shares pursuant to Stock Awards shall constitute general funds of the Company. 
  (b)  Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Stock Awards.    Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of a Stock Award to any Participant shall be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Stock Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. 
  (c)  Shareholder Rights.    No Participant shall be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any Ordinary Shares subject to such Stock Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Stock Award pursuant to its terms, if applicable, and (ii) the issuance of the Ordinary Shares subject to such Stock Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. 
  (d)  No Employment or Other Service Rights.    Nothing in the Plan, any Stock Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in  
  
    12  . 

effect at the time the Stock Award was granted or shall affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause. 
  (e)  Incentive Stock Option $100,000 Limitation.    To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Ordinary Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s). 
  (f)  Investment Assurances.    The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Ordinary Shares under any Stock Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he or she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Ordinary Shares subject to the Stock Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Ordinary Shares.  The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, shall be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the Ordinary Shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Ordinary Shares under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws.  The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on share certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Ordinary Shares. 
  (g)  Withholding Obligations.    Unless prohibited by the terms of a Stock Award Agreement, the Company or an Affiliate may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state, local or foreign tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii)  withholding Ordinary Shares from the Ordinary Shares issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award;   provided, however,   that no Ordinary Shares are withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement. 
  (h)  Electronic Delivery  .  Any reference herein to a  written  agreement or document shall include any agreement or document delivered electronically or posted on the Company s (or Affiliate s, if applicable) intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company (or Affiliate, if applicable) to which the Participant has access). 
  (i)  Deferrals.    To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Ordinary Shares or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants.  Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company or an Affiliate.  The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants  
  
    13  . 

may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. 
  (j)  Compliance with Section 409A.    To the extent that the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award shall incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code.  To the extent applicable, the Plan and Award Agreements shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded and a Participant holding an Award that constitutes  deferred compensation  under Section 409A of the Code is a  specified employee  for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount shall be made upon a  separation from service  before a date that is six (6) months following the date of such Participant s  separation from service  (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death. 
  (k)  Clawback Policy  .  Any amounts paid hereunder shall be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. 
  9.  Adjustments upon Changes in Ordinary Shares; Other Corporate Events. 
  (a)  Capitalization Adjustments  .  In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a); (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities by which the Share Reserve is to increase automatically each year pursuant to Section 3(a); (iii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 3(c); (iv) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be awarded to any person pursuant to Sections 3(d) and 6(c)(i); and (v) the class(es) and number of securities and price per Ordinary Share subject to outstanding Stock Awards.  The Board shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
  (b)  Dissolution or Liquidation  .  Except as otherwise provided in a Stock Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding Ordinary Shares not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s or any Affiliate s right of repurchase) shall terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and any Ordinary Shares subject to the Company s or any Affiliate s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company or Affiliate notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service;   provided, however  , that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Stock Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. 
  (c)  Corporate Transaction.    Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board may take one or more of the following actions in the event of a Corporate Transaction with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Corporate Transaction, unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Stock Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any  
  
    14  . 

Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award: 
  (i)  arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the shareholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction); 
  (ii)  arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company or any Affiliate in respect of Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company); 
  (iii)  accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board shall determine (or, if the Board shall not determine such a date, to the date that is five (5) days prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction), with such Stock Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction; 
  (iv)  arrange for the lapse of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company or any Affiliate with respect to the Stock Award; 
  (v)  cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; or 
  (vi)  make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. 
  The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. 
  (d)  Change in Control.    A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration shall occur. 
  10.  Termination or Suspension of the Plan. 
  (a)  Plan Term.    The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time.  No Incentive Stock Option will be granted after October 24, 2021.  No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
  (b)  No Impairment of Rights.    Suspension or termination of the Plan shall not impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant. 
  11.  Effective Date of Plan. 
  This Plan shall become effective on the Effective Date. 
  
    15  . 

12.  Choice of Law. 
  The laws of the State of Delaware     shall govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
  13.  Definitions.    As used in the Plan, the following definitions shall apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: 
  (a)     Affiliate    means, at the time of determination, any  parent  or  subsidiary  of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act and any  holding company  or  subsidiary  of the Company as such terms are defined in Section 8 and 7 respectively of the Companies Act.  The Board shall have the authority to determine the time or times at which  parent  or  subsidiary  status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
  (b)     Award    means a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award. 
  (c)     Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. 
  (d)     Board    means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
  (e)     Capitalization Adjustment    means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Ordinary Shares subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, share dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, share split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto), including, for the avoidance of doubt, capitalization of profits or reserves, capital distribution, rights issue, the conversion of one class of share to another or reduction of capital or otherwise.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
  (f)     Cause        shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term shall mean, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events that has a material negative impact on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate: (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company or an Affiliate; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or of any statutory duty owed to the Company or an Affiliate; (iv)  such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause shall be made by the Company (or an Affiliate, if applicable) in its sole discretion.  Any determination by the Company (or an Affiliate, if applicable) that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or Affiliate or such Participant for any other purpose. 
  
    16  . 

(g)     Change in Control    means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 
  (i)  any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than thirty percent (30%) of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company; 
  (ii)  there is consummated a compromise or arrangement sanctioned by the Irish courts under the Companies Act, a scheme, contract or offer which has become binding on all shareholders of the Company pursuant to Section 457 of the Companies Act or a bid pursuant to Regulation 23 or 24 of the European Communities (Takeover Bids (Directive 2004/25/EC)) Regulations 2006 (as may be amended, updated or replaced from time to time), an offer or reverse takeover transaction which has been completed pursuant to the Irish Takeover Panel Act, 1997, Takeover Rules, 2013, or a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company (each, a    Business Combination   ) and (A) immediately after the consummation of such Business Combination, the shareholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either outstanding voting securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity or ultimate parent of the surviving Entity in such Business Combination in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such Business Combination, (B) an Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities representing more than thirty percent (30%) of the combined voting power of the surviving Entity or ultimate parent of the surviving Entity through the Business Combination, or (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the ultimate parent (or if there is no parent, the surviving Entity) immediately following such Business Combination were not Incumbent Board Members (as defined below) at the time the Board approved the execution of the definitive agreement providing for such Business Combination; 
  (iii)  the shareholders of the Company approve or the Board approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company shall otherwise occur, except for a liquidation into a parent corporation; 
  (iv)  there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition; or 
  (v)  individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the    Incumbent Board Members   ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;   provided, however  , that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the Incumbent Board Members then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of the Plan, be considered as an Incumbent Board Member, but excluding for purposes of the Plan any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any person or Entity other than the Board. 
  
    17  . 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant shall supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement;   provided, however  , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition shall apply. 
  The Board may, in its sole discretion and without a Participant s consent, amend the definition of  Change in Control  to conform to the definition of  Change in Control  under Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations thereunder. 
  (h)     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 
  (i)     Committee    means a committee of one (1) or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). 
  (j)     Companies Act    means the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland, together with all statutory modifications and re-enactments thereof and all statutes and statutory instruments which are to be read as one with, or construed or read together as one with, the aforementioned enactments and every statutory modification and re-enactment thereof for the time being in force. 
  (k)     Company    means: 
  (i)  prior to a Change in Control, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc; and 
  (ii)  on or after a Change in Control, (A) Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc in the event that the surviving Entity resulting from a Change in Control is Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, (B) the surviving Entity resulting from a Change in Control in the event that such surviving Entity is not Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, (C) any Entity to which the assets of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and its Subsidiaries are sold, leased, exclusively licensed or otherwise disposed of in the event of a Change in Control under Section 13(g)(iv), or (D) any other successor to Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc in the event of a Change in Control, as applicable; 
  provided, however  , that in the event Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc completes a reorganization that is not in connection with a Change in Control that results in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc no longer being the ultimate parent company and reporting company under the Exchange Act, then  Company  means the ultimate parent that directly or indirectly holds Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc. 
  (l)     Consultant    means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services.  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, shall not cause a Director to be considered a  Consultant  for purposes of the Plan.     Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 
  (m)     Continuous Service    means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated.  Except as provided in the following sentence, a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, shall not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service;   provided, however  , if the Entity for  
  
    18  . 

which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service shall be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board agrees otherwise in writing, in the event a Participant s service as an Employee or Consultant terminates and upon such termination, the only capacity in which the Participant continues to render service to the Company is as a Director, then such Participant s Continuous Service shall be considered to have terminated on the date of such termination of employment or termination of service as a Consultant, as the case may be, and regardless of whether such Participant continues to render service to the Company as a Director following such termination.  To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company (or an Affiliate, if applicable), in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of: (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company (or an Affiliate, if applicable), including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave; or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence shall be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in a Stock Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s (or Affiliate s, if applicable) leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. 
  (n)     Corporate Transaction    means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 
  (i)  a sale     or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
  (ii)  a sale or other disposition of at least ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding securities of the Company; 
  (iii)  a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or 
  (iv)  a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 
  For the avoidance of doubt, any one or more of the above events may be effected pursuant to a compromise or arrangement sanctioned by the Irish courts under the Companies Act, a scheme, contract or offer which has become binding on all shareholders of the Company pursuant to Section 457 of the Companies Act or a bid pursuant to Regulation 23 or 24 of the European Communities (Takeover Bids (Directive 2004/25/EC)) Regulations 2006 (as may be amended, updated or replaced from time to time), or an offer or reverse takeover transaction which has been completed pursuant to the Irish Takeover Panel Act, 1997, Takeover Rules, 2013. 
  (o)     Covered Employee    shall have the meaning provided in Section 162(m)(3) of the Code. 
  (p)     Director    means a member of the Board. 
  (q)     Disability    means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period  
  
    19  . 

of not less than twelve (12) months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and shall be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 
  (r)     Effective Date    means the effective date of this Plan document, which is January 18, 2012, which is immediately prior to the effective time of the merger between Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Azur Pharma Public Limited Company pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated September 19, 2011, provided that the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company prior to such merger and such merger is consummated. 
  (s)     Employee    means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate.  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, shall not cause a Director to be considered an  Employee  for purposes of the Plan. 
  (t)     Entity    means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
  (u)     Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
  (v)     Exchange Act Person        means any natural person, Entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that  Exchange Act Person  shall not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, or (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of shares of the Company. 
  (w)     Fair Market Value    means, as of any date, the value of the Ordinary Shares determined as follows: 
  (i)  If the Ordinary Shares are listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of an Ordinary Share shall be the closing sales price for such Ordinary Share as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Ordinary Shares) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 
  (ii)  Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Ordinary Shares on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 
  (iii)  In the absence of such markets for the Ordinary Shares, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 
  (x)     Incentive Stock Option    means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an  incentive stock option  within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
  (y)     Non-Employee Director        means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an  
  
    20  . 

amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act (   Regulation S-K   )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a  non-employee director  for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 
  (z)     Nonstatutory Stock Option    means any option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
  (aa)     Officer    means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
  (bb)         Option    means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase Ordinary Shares granted pursuant to the Plan. 
  (cc)         Option Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant.  Each Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
  (dd)         Optionholder    means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 
  (ee)         Ordinary     Share    or  Ordinary Shares  means the ordinary shares of the Company of nominal value US$0.0001 per share. 
  (ff)         Other Stock Award    means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Ordinary Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(d). 
  (gg)         Other Stock Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant.  Each Other Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
  (hh)         Outside Director    means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee of the Company or an  affiliated corporation  (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code), is not a former employee of the Company or an  affiliated corporation  who receives compensation for prior services (other than benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan) during the taxable year, has not been an officer of the Company or an  affiliated corporation,  and does not receive remuneration from the Company or an  affiliated corporation,  either directly or indirectly, in any capacity other than as a Director, or (ii) is otherwise considered an  outside director  for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code. 
  (ii)         Own,       Owned  ,       Owner  ,       Ownership     A person or Entity shall be deemed to  Own,  to have  Owned,  to be the  Owner  of, or to have acquired  Ownership  of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
  (jj)         Participant    means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award. 
  (kk)         Performance Cash Award    means an award of cash granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(c)(ii). 
  
    21  . 

(ll)         Performance Criteria    means, with respect to a Performance Stock Award or Performance Cash Award, the one or more criteria that the Committee shall select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period; provided, however, that the Board also may select any such criteria to the extent that the Performance Stock Award or Performance Cash Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code.  The Performance Criteria that shall be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Committee (or Board, if applicable): (i) earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings); (ii) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation; (iii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (iv) total shareholder return; (v) return on equity or average shareholder s equity; (vi) return on assets, investment, or capital employed; (vii) share price; (viii) margin (including gross margin); (ix) income (before or after taxes); (x) operating income; (xi) operating income after taxes; (xii) pre-tax profit; (xiii) operating cash flow; (xiv) sales or revenue targets (including volume-based measures); (xv) increases in revenue or product revenue; (xvi) expenses and cost reduction goals; (xvii) improvement in or attainment of working capital levels; (xiii) economic value added (or an equivalent metric); (xix) market share; (xx) cash flow; (xxi) cash flow per share; (xxii) share price performance; (xxiii) debt reduction; (xxiv) implementation or completion of projects or processes; (xxv) customer satisfaction; (xxvi) shareholders  equity; (xxvii) capital expenditures; (xxiii) debt levels; (xxix) operating profit or net operating profit; (xxx) workforce diversity; (xxxi) growth of net income or operating income; (xxxii) billings; and (xxxiii) to the extent that an Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code, other measures of performance selected by the Committee or Board. 
  (mm)         Performance Goals    means, with respect to a Performance Stock Award or Performance Cash Award, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Committee for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria; provided, however, that the Board also may establish any such goals to the extent that the Performance Stock Award or Performance Cash Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code.  Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices.  Unless specified otherwise by the Committee (or the Board to the extent that an Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code), (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Committee (or Board, if applicable) shall appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects, as applicable, for non-U.S. dollar denominated Performance Goals; (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; and (5) to exclude the effects of items that are  unusual  in nature or occur  infrequently  as determined under generally accepted accounting principles. 
  (nn)         Performance Period    means, with respect to a Performance Stock Award or Performance Cash Award, the period of time selected by the Committee over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to and the payment of the Performance Stock Award or Performance Cash Award; provided, however, that the Board also may select any such period to the extent that the Performance Stock Award or Performance Cash Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code.  Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Committee (or the Board, if applicable). 
  (oo)         Performance Stock Award    means a Stock Award granted under the terms and conditions of Section 6(c)(i). 
  (pp)         Plan    means this Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
  
    22  . 

(qq)         Restricted Stock Award    means an award of Ordinary Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a). 
  (rr)         Restricted Stock Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant.  Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
  (ss)         Restricted Stock Unit Award    means a right to receive Ordinary Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b). 
  (tt)         Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant.  Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
  (uu)         Rule 16b-3    means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
  (vv)         Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
  (ww)         Stock Appreciation Right    or    SAR    means a right to receive the appreciation on Ordinary Shares that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5. 
  (xx)         Stock Appreciation Right Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant.  Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
  (yy)         Stock Award    means any right to receive Ordinary Shares granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Performance Stock Award or any Other Stock Award. 
  (zz)         Stock Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant.  Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
  (aaa)         Subsidiary    means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other Entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than fifty percent (50%). 
  (bbb)         Ten Percent Shareholder    means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) shares possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any Affiliate. 
    
  Adopted by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on October 24, 2011. 

23  . 

Approved by the stockholders of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on       December 12, 2011. 
    
  Adopted by the Board of Directors of Azur Pharma plc on December 21, 2011. 
    
  Approved by the shareholders of Azur Pharma plc on January 3, 2012. 
    
  Amended and restated by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on May 5, 2016. 
    
  Approved by the shareholders of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on August 4, 2016. 
    
  Amended and restated by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on November 3, 2016. 

24  . 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 jazzq32016ex103.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS STOCK AWARD PLAN

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 
    
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
  Amended and Restated 
  2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan 
   The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to retain the services of its Non-Employee Directors, to secure and retain the services of new Non-Employee Directors and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate by giving them an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Ordinary Shares through the grant of Stock Awards.  The Plan is also intended to provide a source of Ordinary Shares to be used to pay distributions under the Company s Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, but only to the extent such Ordinary Shares were credited prior to August 15, 2010 to a Non-Employee Director s stock account pursuant to the Company s Directors Deferred Compensation Plan.   
           2. 
    Administration. 
     (a)  Administration by Board  .  The Board shall administer the Plan. The Board may not delegate administration of the Plan. 
  (b)  Powers of Board  .  The Board shall have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: 
  (i)  To determine from time to time (A) which of the Non-Employee Directors eligible under the Plan shall be granted Stock Awards; (B) when and how each Stock Award shall be granted; (C) what type or combination of types of Stock Award shall be granted; (D) the provisions of each Stock Award granted (which need not be identical); (E) the number of Ordinary Shares with respect to which each Stock Award shall be granted; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award. 
  (ii)  To determine the provisions of each Stock Award to the extent not specified in the Plan. 
  (iii)  To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration.  The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective. 
  (iv)  To amend the Plan or a Stock Award as provided in Section 10. 
  (v)  To terminate or suspend the Plan as provided in Section 11. 
  (vi)  Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan. 
  
   1 

(c)  Effect of Board s Decision  .  All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith shall not be subject to review by any person and shall be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 
  3.  Shares Subject to the Plan. 
  (a)  Share Reserve  .  Subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares that may be issued under the Plan shall not exceed two hundred thousand (200,000), plus an automatic annual increase beginning on January 1, 2008 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2016, in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the excess of (A) the number of Ordinary Shares subject to Options granted during the preceding calendar year, over (B) the number of Ordinary Shares added back to the share reserve during the preceding calendar year pursuant to the provisions of Section 3(b), plus (ii) for the automatic annual increases occurring on or prior to January 1, 2010 only, the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares credited to the Non-Employee Directors  stock accounts pursuant to the Company s Directors Deferred Compensation Plan during the applicable preceding calendar year;   provided, however,   that such automatic annual increase shall not exceed two hundred thousand (200,000) Ordinary Shares.  For the avoidance of doubt, no Ordinary Shares credited to the Non-Employee Directors  stock accounts pursuant to the Company s Directors Deferred Compensation Plan on or after August 15, 2010 shall act to increase the share reserve under this Section 3(a).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to the first day of any calendar year, to provide that there shall be no increase in the share reserve for such calendar year or that the increase in the share reserve for such calendar year shall be a lesser number of Ordinary Shares than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence.   
  (b)  Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve  .  If a Stock Award shall for any reason expire or otherwise terminate, in whole or in part, without all of the Ordinary Shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued, the Ordinary Shares not acquired under such Stock Award shall revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan.  If any Ordinary Shares subject to a Stock Award are not delivered to an Awardholder because such Ordinary Shares are withheld for the payment of taxes, the number of Ordinary Shares that are not delivered to the Awardholder shall remain available for issuance under the Plan.  If the exercise price of a Stock Award is satisfied by tendering Ordinary Shares held by the Awardholder (either by actual delivery or attestation), then the number of Ordinary Shares so tendered shall remain available for issuance under the Plan.   
  (c)  Payment Shares  .  Subject to the overall limitation in Section 3(a) on the number of Ordinary Shares that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards, Ordinary Shares may be used as the form of payment for distributions under the Company s Directors Deferred Compensation Plan but only to the extent such Ordinary Shares were credited prior to August 15, 2010 to a Non-Employee Director s stock account pursuant to the Company s Directors Deferred Compensation Plan.   
  (d)  Source of Shares  .  The shares issuable under the Plan shall be authorized but unissued or reacquired Ordinary Shares, including Ordinary Shares repurchased by the Company or any Affiliate on the open market or otherwise. 
  
   2 

4.  Eligibility.   
  The persons eligible to receive Stock Awards are the Non-Employee Directors of the Company. 
  5.  Option and SAR Provisions. 
  Each Option or SAR shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as required by the Plan.  Each Option and SAR shall contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Board shall deem appropriate.  Each Option and SAR shall include (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Stock Award or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
  (a)  Term  .  No Option or SAR shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date it was granted. 
  (b)  Exercise Price  .  The exercise price (or strike price) of each Option or SAR shall be one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Option or SAR is granted, provided that in all cases the exercise price (or strike price) is not less than the nominal value of an Ordinary Share.        Each SAR will be denominated in Ordinary Share equivalents. 
  (c)  Consideration for Options  .  The purchase price of Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant to an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in any combination of the following;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up: (i) cash or check, (ii) delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Ordinary Shares, or (iii) to the extent permitted by law, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Ordinary Shares, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds.   
  (d)  Exercise and Payment of a SAR.    To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Awardholder must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Award Agreement evidencing such SAR.  The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the number of Ordinary Share equivalents in which the Awardholder is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Awardholder is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the strike price that will be determined by the Board at the time of grant of the SAR.  The appreciation distribution in respect to a SAR may be paid in Ordinary Shares, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Award Agreement evidencing such SAR;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to a SAR the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up. 
  (e)  Transferability  .  Except as otherwise provided for in this Section 5(e), an Option or SAR shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and  
  
   3 

shall be exercisable only by the Awardholder during the life of the Awardholder.  However, an Option or SAR may be transferred for no consideration upon written consent of the Board if (i) at the time of transfer, a Form S-8 registration statement under the Securities Act is available for the issuance of Ordinary Shares by the Company upon the exercise of such transferred Option or SAR, or (ii) the transfer is to the Awardholder s employer at the time of transfer or an affiliate of the Awardholder s employer at the time of transfer.  Any such transfer is subject to such limits as the Board may establish, and subject to the transferee agreeing to remain subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to the Option or SAR prior to such transfer.  The forgoing right to transfer the Option or SAR shall apply to the right to consent to amendments to the Award Agreement for such Option or SAR.  In addition, until the Awardholder transfers the Option or SAR, an Awardholder may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of the death of the Awardholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR. 
  (f)  Vesting  .  The total number of Ordinary Shares subject to an Option or SAR may vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal.  The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised as the Board may deem appropriate.  The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary.  The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of Ordinary Shares as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised.   
  (g)  Early Exercise.    The Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Optionholder may elect at any time before the Optionholder s Continuous Service terminates to exercise the Option as to any part or all of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Option prior to the full vesting of the Option.  Any unvested Ordinary Shares so purchased may be subject to a repurchase option in favor of the Company or any Affiliate or to any other restriction the Board determines to be appropriate.  The Company or Affiliate will not exercise its repurchase option until at least six (6) months (or such longer or shorter period of time required to avoid classification of the Option as a liability for financial accounting purposes) have elapsed following exercise of the Option unless the Board otherwise specifically provides in the Option. 
  (h)  Termination of Continuous Service  .  In the event that an Awardholder s Continuous Service terminates (other than upon the Awardholder s death or Disability or upon a Change in Control), the Awardholder may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Awardholder was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three (3) months following the termination of the Awardholder s Continuous Service, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Awardholder does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified herein or in the Award Agreement (as applicable), the Option or SAR shall terminate. 
  (i)  Extension of Termination Date  . If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Awardholder s Continuous Service (other than upon the Awardholder s death or Disability or upon a Change in Control) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Ordinary Shares would violate the registration requirements under the Securities  
  
   4 

Act, then the Option or SAR shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of three (3) months after the termination of the Awardholder s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. 
  (j)  Disability of Awardholder  .  In the event that an Awardholder s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Awardholder s Disability, the Awardholder may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Awardholder was entitled to exercise it as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12) months following such termination of Continuous Service, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination, the Awardholder does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified herein or in the Award Agreement, the Option or SAR shall terminate. 
  (k)  Death of Awardholder  .  In the event that (i) an Awardholder s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Awardholder s death, or (ii) the Awardholder dies within the three (3)-month period after the termination of the Awardholder s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Awardholder was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Awardholder s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance, or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Awardholder s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date eighteen (18) months following the date of death, or (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after the Awardholder s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the time specified herein, the Option or SAR shall terminate. 
  (l)  Termination Upon Change in Control.    In the event that an Awardholder s Continuous Service terminates as of, or within twelve (12) months following     a Change in Control, the Awardholder may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Awardholder was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12) months following the effective date of the Change in Control, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Awardholder does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified herein or in the Award Agreement (as applicable), the Option or SAR shall terminate. 
  6.  Provisions of Stock Awards other than Options and SARs  . 
  (a)  Restricted Stock Awards.    Each Award Agreement evidencing a Restricted Stock Award shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate.  To the extent consistent with the Company s Bylaws, at the Board s election, Ordinary Shares may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate shall be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board.  The terms and conditions of such Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Award Agreements need not be identical;   provided, however  , that each Award Agreement for a Restricted Stock Award shall conform to (through incorporation of the  
  
   5 

provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
  (i)  Consideration.    A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration (including future services) that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up. 
  (ii)  Vesting.    Ordinary Shares awarded under an Award Agreement for a Restricted Stock Award may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 
  (iii)  Termination of Continuous Service.    If an Awardholder s Continuous Service terminates, the Company or any Affiliate may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the Ordinary Shares held by the Awardholder that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Award Agreement for a Restricted Stock Award. 
  (iv)  Transferability.    Rights to acquire Ordinary Shares under the Award Agreement for a Restricted Stock Award shall be transferable by the Awardholder only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Award Agreement for such Restricted Stock Award, as the Board shall determine in its sole discretion, so long as the Ordinary Shares awarded under the Award Agreement remain subject to the terms of the Award Agreement. 
  (v)  Dividends.    An Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the Ordinary Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate. 
  (b)  Restricted Stock Unit Awards.    Each Award Agreement for a Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate.  The terms and conditions of such Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Award Agreements need not be identical;   provided, however  ,     that each Award Agreement for a Restricted Stock Unit Award shall conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
  (i)  Consideration.    At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid upon delivery of each Ordinary Share subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award.  The consideration to be paid (if any) for each Ordinary Share subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Award the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up. 
  
   6 

(ii)  Vesting.    At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 
  (iii)  Payment  .  A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of Ordinary Shares, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Award Agreement for such Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
  (iv)  Additional Restrictions.    At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the Ordinary Shares (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
  (v)  Dividend Equivalents.    Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of Ordinary Shares covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Award Agreement.  At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Ordinary Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board.  Any additional Ordinary Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Award Agreement to which they relate. 
  (vi)  Termination of Continuous Service.    Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Awardholder s termination of Continuous Service. 
  (c)  Other Stock Awards  .  Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Ordinary Shares, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or share rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6.  Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board shall have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of Ordinary Shares (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards;   provided, however  , that where Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to an Other Stock Award the nominal value of each newly issued Ordinary Share is fully paid up. 
  7.  Covenants of the Company 
  (a)  Availability of Shares.    During the terms of the Stock Awards, the Company shall keep available at all times the number of Ordinary Shares required to satisfy such Stock Awards. 
  (b)  Securities Law Compliance  .  The Company shall seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be  
  
   7 

required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking shall not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award.  If, after reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Ordinary Shares under the Plan, the Company shall be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Ordinary Shares upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained.  A Non-Employee Director shall not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award or the subsequent issuance of Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Stock Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. 
  8.  Miscellaneous. 
  (a)  Use of Proceeds  .  Proceeds from the sale of Ordinary Shares pursuant to Stock Awards shall constitute general funds of the Company. 
  (b)  Shareholder Rights  .  No Awardholder shall be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any Ordinary Shares subject to such Stock Award unless and until (i) such Awardholder has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Stock Award pursuant to its terms, if applicable, and (ii) the issuance of the Ordinary Shares subject to such Stock Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. 
  (c)  No Service Rights  .  Nothing in the Plan, any instrument executed, or Stock Award granted pursuant thereto shall confer upon any Awardholder any right to continue to serve the Company as a Non-Employee Director or shall affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate the service of a Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. 
  (d)  Investment Assurances  .  The Company may require an Awardholder, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Ordinary Shares under any Stock Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Awardholder s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he or she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Awardholder is acquiring the Ordinary Shares subject to the Stock Award for the Awardholder s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Ordinary Shares.  The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, shall be inoperative if (i) the issuance of the Ordinary Shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Ordinary Shares under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (ii) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws.  The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on share certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to  
  
   8 

comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Ordinary Shares. 
  (e)  Withholding Obligations  .  The Awardholder may satisfy any federal, state, local or foreign tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise or acquisition of Ordinary Shares under a Stock Award by any of the following means (in addition to the Company s right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Awardholder by the Company) or by a combination of such means: (i) tendering a cash payment; (ii) authorizing the Company to withhold Ordinary Shares from the Ordinary Shares otherwise issuable to the Awardholder as a result of the exercise or acquisition of Ordinary Shares under the Stock Award;   provided, however,   that no Ordinary Shares are withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or (iii) delivering to the Company owned and unencumbered Ordinary Shares. 
  (f)  Electronic Delivery  .  Any reference herein to a  written  agreement or document shall include any agreement or document delivered electronically or posted on the Company s intranet. 
  9.  Adjustments upon Changes in Ordinary Shares; Corporate Transactions. 
  (a)  Capitalization Adjustments  .  In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board shall proportionately and appropriately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities by which the share reserve is to increase automatically each year pursuant to Section 3(a), and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and price per Ordinary Share subject to outstanding Stock Awards.  The Board shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.   
  (b)  Dissolution or Liquidation  .  In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding Ordinary Shares not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) shall terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and any Ordinary Shares subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service. 
  (c)  Corporate Transaction  .   
  (i)  Stock Awards May Be Assumed.    In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) may assume or continue any or all Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar stock awards for Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan (including but not limited to, stock awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the shareholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company or any Affiliate in respect of Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to Stock Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the successor s parent company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction.  A  
  
   9 

surviving corporation or acquiring corporation may choose to assume or continue only a portion of a Stock Award or substitute a similar stock award for only a portion of a Stock Award.   
  (ii)  Stock Awards Held by Active Awardholders.    In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Stock Awards or substitute similar stock awards for such outstanding Stock Awards, then with respect to Stock Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Awardholders whose Continuous Service has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the    Active Awardholders   ), the vesting of such Stock Awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such Stock Awards may be exercised) shall (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction) be accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board shall determine (or, if the Board shall not determine such a date, to the date that is five (5) days prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction), and the Stock Awards shall terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company or any Affiliate with respect to such Stock Awards shall lapse (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction).  
  (iii)  Stock Awards Held by Former Awardholders.    In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Stock Awards or substitute similar stock awards for such outstanding Stock Awards, then with respect to any other Stock Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Active Awardholders, the vesting of such Stock Awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such Stock Awards may be exercised) shall not be accelerated unless otherwise provided in Section 9(d) or in a written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the holder of such Stock Awards, and such Stock Awards shall terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction;   provided, however,   that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company or any Affiliate with respect to such Stock Awards shall not terminate and may continue to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction.  
  (iv)  Payment for Stock Awards in Lieu of Exercise.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event a Stock Award will terminate if not exercised prior to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Stock Award may not exercise such Stock Award but will receive a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value to the excess, if any, of (i) the value of the property the holder of the Award would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award, over (ii) the exercise price payable by the Awardholder in connection with such exercise.   
  (d)  Change in Control  .  In the event that an Awardholder (i) is required to resign his or her position as a Non-Employee Director as a condition of a Change in Control, or (ii) is removed from his or her position as a Non-Employee Director in connection with a Change in Control, the outstanding Stock Awards held by such Awardholder shall become fully vested and exercisable immediately prior to the effectiveness of such resignation or removal (and contingent upon the effectiveness of such Change in Control).   
  
   10 

(e)  Parachute Payments  .   
  (i)  If the acceleration of the vesting and exercisability of Stock Awards provided for in Sections 9(c) and 9(d), together with payments and other benefits of an Awardholder, (collectively, the    Payment   ) (i) constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, or any comparable successor provisions, and (ii) but for this Section 9(e) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or any comparable successor provisions (the    Excise Tax   ), then such Payment shall be either (1) provided to such Awardholder in full, or (2) provided to such Awardholder as to such lesser extent that would result in no portion of such Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, when taking into account applicable federal, state, local and foreign income and employment taxes, the Excise Tax, and any other applicable taxes, results in the receipt by such Awardholder, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of the Payment, notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. 
  (ii)  Unless the Company and such Awardholder otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section 9(e) shall be made in writing in good faith by the Accountant.  If a reduction in the Payment is to be made as provided above, reduction shall occur in the manner that results in the greatest economic benefit for Awardholder. 
  (iii)  For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 9(e), the Accountant may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of the Code and other applicable legal authority.  The Company and the Awardholder shall furnish to the Accountant such information and documents as the Accountant may reasonably request in order to make such a determination.  The Company shall bear all costs the Accountant may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 9(e). 
  (iv)  If, notwithstanding any reduction described above, the Internal Revenue Service (the    IRS   ) determines that the Awardholder is liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the Payment, then the Awardholder shall be obligated to pay back to the Company, within thirty (30) days after a final IRS determination or, in the event that the Awardholder challenges the final IRS determination, a final judicial determination, a portion of the Payment (the    Repayment Amount   ).  The Repayment Amount with respect to the Payment shall be the smallest such amount, if any, as shall be required to be paid to the Company so that the Awardholder s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the Payment (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax and all other applicable taxes imposed on the Payment) shall be maximized.  The Repayment Amount with respect to the Payment shall be zero if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not result in the Awardholder s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the Payment being maximized.  If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this paragraph, the Awardholder shall pay the Excise Tax. 
  (v)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 9(e), if (i) there is a reduction in the Payment as described above, (ii) the IRS later determines that the Awardholder is liable for the Excise Tax, the payment of which would result in the maximization of the Awardholder s net after-tax proceeds of the Payment (calculated as if the Payment had not previously been reduced), and (iii) the Awardholder pays the Excise Tax, then the Company  
  
   11 

shall pay or otherwise provide to the Awardholder that portion of the Payment that was reduced pursuant to this Section 9(e) contemporaneously or as soon as administratively possible after the Awardholder pays the Excise Tax so that the Awardholder s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the Payment are maximized. 
  (vi)  If the Awardholder either (i) brings any action to enforce rights pursuant to this Section 9(e), or (ii) defends any legal challenge to his or her rights under this Section 9(e), the Awardholder shall be entitled to recover attorneys  fees and costs incurred in connection with such action, regardless of the outcome of such action;   provided, however,   that if such action is commenced by the Awardholder, the court finds that the action was brought in good faith. 
  10.  Amendment of the Plan and Stock Awards. 
  (a)  Amendment of Plan  .  Subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law, the Board, at any time and from time to time, may amend the Plan.  However, except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, no amendment shall be effective unless approved by the shareholders of the Company to the extent shareholder approval is necessary to satisfy applicable law. 
  (b)  Shareholder Approval  .  The Board, in its sole discretion, may submit any other amendment to the Plan for shareholder approval. 
  (c)  No Impairment of Rights  .  Rights under any Stock Award granted before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (i) the Company requests the consent of the affected Awardholder, and (ii) such Awardholder consents in writing. 
  (d)  Amendment of Stock Awards  .  The Board, at any time and from time to time, may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards;   provided, however,   that the rights under any Stock Award shall not be impaired by any such amendment unless (i) the Company requests the consent of the Awardholder, and (ii) the Awardholder consents in writing. 
  11.  Termination or Suspension of the Plan. 
  (a)  Plan Term  .  The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Stock Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
  (b)  No Impairment of Rights  .  Suspension or termination of the Plan shall not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the Awardholder. 
  12.  Effective Date of Plan. 
  The Plan became effective on May 31, 2007. 
  
   12 

13.  Choice of Law. 
  The law of the state of Delaware shall govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
  14.  Definitions. 
  As used in the Plan, the following definitions shall apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: 
  (a)     Accountant    means the independent public accountants of the Company. 
  (b)     Affiliate    means, at the time of determination, any  parent  or  subsidiary  of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and any  holding company  or  subsidiary  of the Company as such terms are defined in Section 8 and 7 respectively of the Companies Act.  The Board shall have the  authority to determine the time or times at which  parent  or  subsidiary  status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
  (c)     Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a Non-Employee Director evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant.  Each Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
  (d)     Board    means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
  (e)     Capitalization Adjustment    means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Ordinary Shares subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, share dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, share split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto), including, for the avoidance of doubt, capitalization of profits or reserves, capital distribution, rights issue, the conversion of one class of share to another or reduction of capital or otherwise.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
  (f)     Change in Control    means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 
  (i)  any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than thirty percent (30%) of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company; 
  (ii)  there is consummated a compromise or arrangement sanctioned by the Irish courts under the Companies Act, a scheme, contract or offer which has become binding on all shareholders of the Company pursuant to Section 457 of the Companies Act or a bid pursuant to Regulation 23 or 24 of the European Communities (Takeover Bids (Directive 2004/25/EC)) Regulations 2006 (as may be amended, updated or replaced from time to time), an offer or reverse takeover transaction which has been completed pursuant to the Irish Takeover Panel Act, 1997, Takeover Rules, 2013, or a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company (each, a    Business Combination   ) and (A) immediately after the consummation of such Business Combination, the shareholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either outstanding  
  
   13 

voting securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity or ultimate parent of the surviving Entity in such Business Combination in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such Business Combination, (B) an Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities representing more than thirty percent (30%) of the combined voting power of the surviving Entity or ultimate parent of the surviving Entity through the Business Combination, or (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the ultimate parent (or if there is no parent, the surviving Entity) immediately following such Business Combination were not Incumbent Board Members (as defined below) at the time the Board approved the execution of the definitive agreement providing for such Business Combination; 
  (iii)  the shareholders of the Company approve or the Board approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company shall otherwise occur, except for a liquidation into a parent corporation;  
  (iv)  there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition; or 
  (v)  individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the    Incumbent Board Members   ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;   provided, however  , that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the Incumbent Board Members then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of the Plan, be considered as an Incumbent Board Member, but excluding for purposes of the Plan any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any person or Entity other than the Board. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the Plan, the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Awardholder shall supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Stock Awards subject to such agreement;   provided, however,   that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition shall apply.  
  The Board may, in its sole discretion and without an Awardholder s consent, amend the definition of  Change in Control  to conform to the definition of  Change in Control  under Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations thereunder.   
  (g)     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
  (h)     Companies Act    means the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland, together with all statutory modifications and re-enactments thereof and all statutes and statutory instruments which are to be read as one with, or construed or read together as one with, the aforementioned enactments and every statutory modification and re-enactment thereof for the time being in force. 
  (i)     Company    means: 
  
   14 

(i)  prior to a Change in Control, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc; and 
  (ii)  on or after a Change in Control, (A) Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc in the event that the surviving Entity resulting from a Change in Control is Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, (B) the surviving Entity resulting from a Change in Control in the event that such surviving Entity is not Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, (C) any Entity to which the assets of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and its Subsidiaries are sold, leased, exclusively licensed or otherwise disposed of in the event of a Change in Control under Section 14(f)(iv), or (D) any other successor to Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc in the event of a Change in Control, as applicable; 
  provided, however  , that in the event Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc completes a reorganization that is not in connection with a Change in Control that results in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc no longer being the ultimate parent company and reporting company under the Exchange Act, then  Company  means the ultimate parent that directly or indirectly holds Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc. 
  (j)     Consultant    means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the Board of Directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services.  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, shall not cause a Director to be considered a  Consultant  for purposes of the Plan. 
  (k)     Continuous Service    means that the Awardholder s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated.  A change in the capacity in which the Awardholder renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Awardholder renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Awardholder s service with the Company or an Affiliate, shall not terminate an Awardholder s Continuous Service;   provided, however  , if the corporation for which an Awardholder is rendering service ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, such Awardholder s Continuous Service shall be considered to have terminated on the date such corporation ceases to qualify as an Affiliate.  For example, a change in status from a Non-Employee Director of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or an Employee of the Company will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service.  To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any leave of absence approved by that party, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence shall be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in a Stock Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy or in the written terms of the Awardholder s leave of absence. 
  (l)     Corporate Transaction    means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 
  (i)  a sale     or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
  (ii)  a sale or other disposition of at least ninety percent (90%  )   of the outstanding securities of the Company; 
  (iii)  a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or 
  
   15 

(iv)  a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 
  For the avoidance of doubt, any one or more of the above events may be effected pursuant to a compromise or arrangement sanctioned by the Irish courts under the Companies Act, a scheme, contract or offer which has become binding on all shareholders of the Company pursuant to Section 457 of the Companies Act or a bid pursuant to Regulation 23 or 24 of the European Communities (Takeover Bids (Directive 2004/25/EC)) Regulations 2006 (as may be amended, updated or replaced from time to time), or an offer or reverse takeover transaction which has been completed pursuant to the Irish Takeover Panel Act, 1997, Takeover Rules, 2013. 
  (m)     Director    means a member of the Board. 
  (n)     Disability    means, with respect to an Awardholder, the inability of such Awardholder to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Section 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code.    
  (o)     Employee    means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate.  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, shall not cause a Director to be considered an  Employee  for purposes of the Plan. 
  (p)     Entity    means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
  (q)     Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
  (r)     Exchange Act Person        means any natural person, Entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that  Exchange Act Person  shall not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, or (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of shares of the Company.  
  (s)     Fair Market Value    means, as of any date, the value of the Ordinary Shares determined as follows: 
  (i)  If the Ordinary Shares are listed on any established stock exchange or traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market, the Fair Market Value of an Ordinary Share shall be the closing sales price for such Ordinary Share (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Ordinary Shares) on the date of determination, as reported in   The Wall Street Journal     or such other source as the Board deems reliable.   
  (ii)  If the Ordinary Shares are listed or traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Fair Market Value of an Ordinary Share shall be the mean between the bid and asked prices for the Ordinary Shares on the date of determination, as reported in   The Wall Street Journal     or such other source as the Board deems reliable.  Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price (or closing bid if  
  
   16 

no sales were reported) for the Ordinary Shares on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value shall be the mean between the bid and asked prices for the Ordinary Shares on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.   
  (iii)  In the absence of such markets for the Ordinary Shares, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code.  
  (t)     Non-Employee Director    means a Director who is not an Employee. 
  (u)     Nonstatutory Stock Option    means an Option not intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
  (v)     Officer    means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
  (w)     Option        means a Nonstatutory Stock Option granted pursuant to the Plan. 
  (x)      Optionholder    means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 
  (y)     Ordinary Share        or    Ordinary Shares    means the ordinary shares of the Company of nominal value US$0.0001 per share. 
  (z)     Other Stock Award    means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Ordinary Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section  6(c). 
  (aa)             Own  ,     Owned  ,     Owner  ,     Ownership     A person or Entity shall be deemed to  Own,  to have  Owned,  to be the  Owner  of, or to have acquired  Ownership  of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
  (bb)             Plan    means this Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan. 
  (cc)             Restricted Stock Award    means an award of Ordinary Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a). 
  (dd)             Restricted Stock Unit Award        means a right to receive Ordinary Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b). 
  (ee)             Rule 16b-3    means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
  (ff)             Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
  (gg)             Subsidiary    means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited  
  
   17 

liability company or other Entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than fifty percent (50%). 
  (hh)             Stock Appreciation Right    or    SAR        means a right to receive the appreciation on Ordinary Shares that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5. 
  (ii)             Stock Award    means any right to receive Ordinary Shares granted under the Plan, including a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right or any Other Stock Award. 
    
  Adopted by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on May 1, 2007. 
    
  Approved by the stockholders of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on May 9, 2007. 
    
  Amended and restated by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on August 11, 2010. 
    
  Amended and restated by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on October 24, 2011. 
    
  Adopted by the Board of Directors of Azur Pharma plc on December 21, 2011. 
    
  Approved by the shareholders of Azur Pharma plc on January 3, 2012. 
    
  Amended and restated by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on May 5, 2016. 
    
  Approved by the shareholders of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on August 4, 2016. 
    
  Amended and restated by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on November 3, 2016. 

18 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 jazzq32016ex104.htm
 NON-US RSU NOTICE & AGREEMENT - 2007 NEDSAP

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.4 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
  Amended and Restated 
  2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan 
  Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ), pursuant to its Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan (the    Plan   ), hereby awards to Participant the number of restricted stock units (   RSUs   ) specified and on the terms set forth below (the    Award   ).  The Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and in the Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any country-specific Appendix (the    Agreement   ), and the Plan, both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. 
                 Participant: 
      
      RSU #: 
      
      Date of Grant: 
      
      Vesting Commencement Date: 
      
      Number of RSUs Subject to Award: 
      
      Consideration: 
    Participant's Services 
  (payment of par value of newly issued shares) 

Vesting Schedule:    
    Subject to Section 3 of the Agreement and any country-specific Appendix to the Agreement, the Award will vest as follows:   [  ______________________________________  ] 
              Issuance Schedule:    
    One Ordinary Share will be issuable for each RSU which vests at the time set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement. 
     Additional Terms/Acknowledgements:   The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan.  Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the Award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on that subject, with the exception of: (i) any written agreement between Participant and the Company that would provide for vesting acceleration of the Award upon the terms and conditions set forth therein and (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law.  By accepting this Award, Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  
   1 

Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC 

Participant 
      By: 

Signature 
      
    Signature 
      Title: 

Date: 
      
      Date: 

Attachments:          Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice for the Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan as approved by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on 3 November 2016. 

2 

Attachment I 
  Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  Amended and Restated 
  2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan 
  Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
  Pursuant to your Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and this Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any country-specific Appendix (the    Agreement   ), and in consideration of your services, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ) has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the    Award   ) under its Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan (the    Plan   ) for the number of restricted stock units (the    RSUs   ) indicated in your Grant Notice.  The Award is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the    Date of Grant   ).  Except as otherwise explicitly provided in the Grant Notice or this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the terms in the Grant Notice or this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.  Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in the Grant Notice or this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
  The details of your Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows. 
  1.  Grant of the Award.    This Award represents your right to be issued on a future date the number of Ordinary Shares that is equal to the number of RSUs indicated in the Grant Notice.  As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the    Account   ) the number of RSUs subject to the Award.  This Award was granted in consideration of your services to the Company.  Except as otherwise provided herein, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than past and future services to the Company) with respect to your receipt of the Award, the vesting of the RSUs or the delivery of the Ordinary Shares to be issued in respect of the Award;   provided, however  , that to the extent that any Ordinary Shares issued upon settlement of your Award are newly issued Ordinary Shares, a payment must be received by the Company of an amount equal to the par value of such number of newly issued Ordinary Shares (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) in cash, by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company. 
  2.  Number of RSUs and Ordinary Shares.    
  (a)   The number of RSUs subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. 
  (b)  Any additional RSUs that become subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 2 shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other RSUs covered by your Award. 
  (c)  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 2, no fractional Ordinary Shares or rights for fractional Ordinary Shares shall be created pursuant to this Section 2.  The Board shall, in its  

discretion, determine an equivalent benefit for any fractional Ordinary Shares or fractional Ordinary Shares that might be created by the adjustments referred to in this Section 2. 
  3.  Vesting.    Subject to Section 12 and the limitations contained herein, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service.  Upon such termination of your Continuous Service, the RSUs credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in such RSUs or the Ordinary Shares to be issued in respect of such portion of the Award. 
  4.  Date of Issuance.   
  (a)  To the extent your Award is exempt from application of Section 409A of the Code and any state or foreign law of similar effect (collectively    Section     409A   ), the Company will deliver to you a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the number of vested RSUs subject to your Award, including any additional RSUs received pursuant to Section 2 above that relate to those vested RSUs on the applicable vesting date(s).  However, if a scheduled delivery date falls on a date that is not a U.S. business day, such delivery date shall instead fall on the next following U.S. business day.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that (i) you are subject to the Company s Policy Regarding Stock Trading by Executive Officers, Directors and Other Designated Employees (or any successor policy) (the    Policy   ), the Company s Policy Against Trading on the Basis of Inside Information, or you are otherwise prohibited from selling Ordinary Shares in the open market and any Ordinary Shares covered by your Award are scheduled to be delivered on a day (the    Original Distribution Date   ) that does not occur during an open  window period  applicable to you or a day on which you are permitted to sell Ordinary Shares pursuant to a written plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Policy, or does not occur on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell Ordinary Shares in the open market, and (ii) the Company elects not to satisfy any Tax-Related Items (defined below) by withholding Ordinary Shares from your distribution, then such Ordinary Shares shall not be delivered on such Original Distribution Date and shall instead be delivered on the first U.S. business day of the next occurring open  window period  applicable to you pursuant to the Policy (regardless of whether you are still providing Continuous Service at such time) or the next U.S. business day when you are not prohibited from selling Ordinary Shares in the open market, but in no event later than the fifteenth (15th) day of the third calendar month of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Ordinary Shares covered by the Award vest.  Delivery of the Ordinary Shares pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4(a) is intended to comply with the requirements for the short-term deferral exemption available under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be construed and administered in such manner.  The form of such delivery of the Ordinary Shares (  e.g.  , a share certificate or electronic entry evidencing such Ordinary Shares) shall be determined by the Company. 
  (b)  The provisions of this Section 4(b) are intended to apply to the extent you are a U.S. taxpayer and your Award is subject to Section 409A because of the terms of a severance arrangement or other agreement between you and the Company, if any, that provide for acceleration of vesting of your Award upon your termination or separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code (and without regard to any alternative definition thereunder)) (   Separation from Service   ) and such severance benefit does not satisfy the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) or 1.409A-1(b)(9) (   Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement   ).  If you are not a U.S. taxpayer, this Section 4(b) shall not apply to you.  To the extent your Award is subject to and not exempt from application of Section 409A due to application of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, the following provisions in this Section 4(b) shall supersede anything to the contrary in Section 4(a). 

(i)  If your Award vests in the ordinary course during your Continuous Service in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, without accelerating vesting under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, in no event will the Ordinary Shares be issued in respect of your Award any later than the later of: (A) December 31   st    of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date and (B) the 60   th    day that follows the applicable vesting date. 
  (ii)  If vesting of your Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with your Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were in effect as of the Date of Grant of your Award and, therefore, are part of the terms of your Award as of the Date of Grant, then the Ordinary Shares will be earlier issued in respect of your Award upon your Separation from Service in accordance with the terms of the Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, but in no event later than the 60   th    day that follows the date of your Separation from Service.  However, if at the time the Ordinary Shares would otherwise be issued you are subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to  specified employees,  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such Ordinary Shares shall not be issued before the date that is six (6) months following the date of your Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of your death that occurs within such six (6) month period. 
  (iii)  If vesting of your Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with your Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were not in effect as of the Date of Grant of the Award and, therefore, are not a part of the terms of your Award on the Date of Grant, then such acceleration of vesting of your Award shall not accelerate the issuance date of the Ordinary Shares, but the Ordinary Shares shall instead be issued on the same schedule as set forth in the Grant Notice as if they had vested in the ordinary course during your Continuous Service, notwithstanding the vesting acceleration of the Award.  Such issuance schedule is intended to satisfy the requirements of payment on a specified date or pursuant to a fixed schedule, as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a)(4). 
  (c)  If you are a U.S. taxpayer and your Award is subject to and not exempt from Section 409A (a    Non-Exempt Award   ), then the provisions in this Section 4(c) shall apply and supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan, the Grant Notice or in any other section of this Agreement with respect to the permitted treatment of your Non-Exempt Award: 
  (i)  Any exercise by the Board of discretion to accelerate the vesting of your Non-Exempt Award shall not result in any acceleration of the scheduled issuance dates for the Ordinary Shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award unless earlier issuance of the Ordinary Shares upon the applicable vesting dates would be in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
  (ii)  The Company explicitly reserves the right to (A) earlier settle your Non-Exempt Award to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, including pursuant to any of the exemptions available in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix) and (B) provide that you will receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares that would otherwise be issued to you, if applicable and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
  (iii)  To the extent the terms of your Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Change in Control or Corporate Transaction event triggering settlement must also constitute a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets, Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (a    409A Change of Control   ).  To the extent the terms of your Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a termination of employment or termination of Continuous Service, to  

the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the termination event triggering settlement must also constitute a Separation from Service.  However, if at the time the Ordinary Shares would otherwise be issued to you in connection with your Separation from Service, you are subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to  specified employees,  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such Ordinary Shares shall not be issued before the date that is six (6) months following the date of your Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of your death that occurs within such six (6) month period. 
  (iv)  The provisions in this Agreement for delivery of the Ordinary Shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that the delivery of the Ordinary Shares to you in respect of your Non-Exempt Award will not trigger the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be so interpreted. 
  5.  Dividends.    You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, share dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment as provided in the Plan;   provided, however  , that this sentence shall not apply with respect to any Ordinary Shares that are delivered to you in connection with your Award after such Ordinary Shares have been delivered to you. 
  6.  Securities Law Compliance.    You may not be issued any Ordinary Shares in respect of your Award unless either (i) the Ordinary Shares are registered under the Securities Act; or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Your Award also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you will not receive such Ordinary Shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations.  The Company shall not be liable if Ordinary Shares cannot be issued to you as a consequence of the Company s determination that the issuance of Ordinary Shares does not comply with applicable laws and regulations governing the Award. 
  7.  Restrictive Legends.    The Ordinary Shares issued in respect of your Award shall be endorsed with appropriate legends determined by the Company. 
  8.  Transfer Restrictions.    Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  In addition to any other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities laws, you agree not to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in any of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Award until the Ordinary Shares are issued to you in accordance with Section 4 of this Agreement.  After the Ordinary Shares have been issued to you, you are free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such Ordinary Shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with the provisions herein (including the country-specific Appendix hereto) and applicable securities laws. 
  9.  Award Not a Service Contract.     
  (a)  Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 3 herein or the issuance of the Ordinary Shares in respect of your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan shall: (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the service of, or affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of service or affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive  

the Company or its Affiliates, as applicable, of the right to terminate your service without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. 
  (b)  By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 3 is earned only by providing Continuous Service (not through the act of being elected to the Board, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a  reorganization ).  You further acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your Continuous Service and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award.  You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as a Non-Employee Director for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere in any way with your right or the right of the Company or its Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your Continuous Service at any time. 
  10.  Unsecured Obligation.    Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue Ordinary Shares pursuant to this Agreement.  You shall not have voting or any other rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such Ordinary Shares are issued to you pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement.  Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a shareholder of the Company.  Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
  11.  Tax Withholding Obligations. 
  (a)  On or before the time you receive a distribution of the Ordinary Shares subject to your Award, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize the Company to withhold from the Ordinary Shares issuable to you an amount sufficient to satisfy any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items which arise in connection with your Award (   Tax-Related Items   ), where the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares is measured as of the date the Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to Section 4.  Additionally, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Tax-Related Items obligation relating to your Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment; or (iii) permitting or requiring you to enter into a  same day sale  commitment with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a    FINRA Dealer   ) whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the Ordinary Shares to be delivered in connection with your Award to satisfy the Tax-Related Items and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Tax-Related Items directly to the Company and/or its Affiliates.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding from Ordinary Shares otherwise issuable to you, (i) the number of such Ordinary Shares so withheld shall not exceed the minimum statutory withholding rates in connection with the taxes composing the Tax Related-Items, and (ii) for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Ordinary Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Ordinary Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the Company makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant to such vesting and the receipt of any dividends, and does not commit to  

and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  You further acknowledge that if you become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable event, the Company may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company are satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Ordinary Shares. 
  (c)  In the event the Company s obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of Ordinary Shares or it is determined after the delivery of Ordinary Shares to you that the amount of the Company s withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold the proper amount. 
  12.  Change in Control.    If you are either (i) required to resign your position as a Non-Employee Director as a condition of a Change in Control, or (ii) removed from your position as a Non-Employee Director in connection with a Change in Control, your Award shall become fully vested immediately prior to the effectiveness of such resignation or removal (and contingent upon the effectiveness of such Change in Control). 
  13.  Parachute Payments. 
  (a)  If you are a U.S. taxpayer and any payment or benefit you would receive from the Company or otherwise in connection with a Change in Control or other similar transaction (   Payment   ) would (i) constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the    Excise Tax   ), then such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount.  The  Reduced Amount  shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount ((x) or (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state, foreign and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax.  If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so that the Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the manner that results in the greatest economic benefit for you.  
  (b)  The independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company for general audit purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the event described in Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Code shall perform the foregoing calculations.  If the independent registered public accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting such Change in Control or similar transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder.  The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such independent registered public accounting firm required to be made hereunder.  
  (c)  The independent registered public accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company and you within thirty (30) calendar days after the date on which your right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or you) or such other time as reasonably requested by  

the Company or you.  Any good faith determinations of the independent registered public accounting firm made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and you.  
  14.  Nature of Grant.    In accepting the grant, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: 
  (a)  the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 
  (b)  the Award grant is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs have been granted in the past;  
  (c)  all decisions with respect to future grants of RSUs or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;  
  (d)  you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;  
  (e)  the future value of the underlying Ordinary Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty;  
  (f)  no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resulting from the termination of your Continuous Service; and 
  (g)  neither the Company nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Award or the subsequent sale of any Ordinary Shares acquired upon settlement. 
  15.  No Advice Regarding Grant.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Ordinary Shares.  You should consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
  16.  Data Privacy.      You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Award grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company and any Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  You understand that the Company and its Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Ordinary Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Ordinary Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor ( Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.   
    
  You understand that Data will be transferred to a third party stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan.  You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws with a lower level of protection than your country.  You understand that  

you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Company s stock administration department.  You authorize the Company, and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Company s stock administration department.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Service will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant RSUs or other equity awards to you or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact the Company s stock administration department. 
  17.  Governing Law and Venue.    The Award and the provisions of this Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of law provisions. 
  For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 
  18.  Language.    If you have received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
  19.  Appendix.    Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Award shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  20.  Notices; Electronic Delivery.    Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan shall be given in writing (including electronically) and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, fourteen (14) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  By accepting this Award you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  21.  Headings.    The headings of the Sections in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Agreement. 

22.  Amendment.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
  23.  Miscellaneous. 
  (a)  All covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns, if any.  Your rights and obligations under your Award may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.  
  (b)  You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
  (c)  You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award, and fully understand all provisions of your Award. 
  (d)  All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 
  24.  Governing Plan Document.    Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Award and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control.  In addition, your Award (and any compensation paid or Ordinary Shares issued under your Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. 
  25.  Severability.    If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid.  Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
  26.  Other Documents.    You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus.  In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting officers and directors to sell Ordinary Shares only during certain  window  periods and the Company s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time.   
  27.  Waiver.    You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 

28.  Insider Trading / Market Abuse Laws.    Depending on your country, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to acquire or sell Ordinary Shares or rights to Ordinary Shares (  e.g.,   RSUs) under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have  inside information  regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in your country).  Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time.  You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
  29.  Foreign Asset/Account, Exchange Control and Tax Reporting.    You may be subject to foreign asset/account, exchange control and/or tax reporting requirements as a result of the acquisition, holding and/or transfer of Ordinary Shares or cash (including dividends and the proceeds arising from the sale of Ordinary Shares) derived from your participation in the Plan, to and/or from a brokerage/bank account or legal entity located outside your country.  The applicable laws of your country may require that you report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and/or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in such country.  You acknowledge that you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable foreign asset/account, exchange control and tax reporting requirements and should consult your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
  30.  Director Notification Obligation.    If you are a director, shadow director or secretary of the Company or an Irish Affiliate, you must notify the Company or the Irish Affiliate in writing if you receive or dispose of an interest exceeding 1% of the Company (  e.g.,   RSUs, Ordinary Shares), or become aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement, or if you become a director or secretary if such an interest exceeding 1% of the Company exists at the time.  This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of a spouse or minor children (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary, as applicable). 
    
  *  *  *  *  * 
  By signing the Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice to which this Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement is attached, you shall be deemed to have signed and agreed to the terms and conditions of this Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan as approved by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on November 3, 2016. 

APPENDIX 
  TO THE 
  NON-U.S. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
  This Appendix contains additional terms and conditions that govern the Award granted under the Plan to you if you reside and/or work in one of the countries listed below.  Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Agreement. 
  If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transfer residency after the RSUs are granted, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you, and the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
  Notifications 
  This Appendix contains information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan.  The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of October 2016.  Such laws are often complex and change frequently.  As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you vest in the RSUs or sell Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant thereto. 
  The information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result.  Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
  IRELAND 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  Vesting.    The following supplements Section 3 of the Agreement: 
    
  Notwithstanding the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, if any vesting date set forth in the Grant Notice (   Vesting Date   ) falls on a date when the Company determines that you are not permitted to sell Ordinary Shares in the open market for any reason, including under the Company s Policy Regarding Stock Trading by Executive Officers, Directors and Other Designated Employees (or any successor policy) or the Company s Policy Against Trading on the Basis of Inside Information (or any successor policy), then such Vesting Date shall instead be the later of the next U.S. business day of the next occurring open  window period  applicable to you or the next U.S. business day when the Company determines that you are not prohibited from selling Ordinary Shares in the open market (such later date, the    Actual Vesting Date   ). 
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing and Section 3 of the Agreement: (i) if your Continuous Service terminates between the Vesting Date and the Actual Vesting Date, then the vesting of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Award originally scheduled to vest on the Vesting Date will cease and not vest upon termination of your  

Continuous Service, unless your Continuous Service terminates for a reason other than Cause, in which case they will instead vest in full on the first U.S. business day following the termination of your Continuous Service; and (ii) if you are a Non-Employee Director and you do not stand for reelection at an annual general meeting of the Company s shareholders (an    Annual Meeting   ) in the year in which your term expires or you otherwise resign effective at an Annual Meeting, and, in either case, your Continuous Service terminates at such Annual Meeting, then effective as of the date of such Annual Meeting, the unvested portion, if any, of the Award shall become vested with respect to the portion of the Award that would have vested on the anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date in the year of such Annual Meeting. 
    
  For purposes of the foregoing,  Cause  means the occurrence of any of the following events that has a material negative impact on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate: (i) your conviction for any criminal offence (other than an offence under any road traffic legislation for which a fine or non-custodial penalty is imposed) or any offence under any regulation or legislation relating to insider dealing, fraud or dishonesty; (ii) your attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company or an Affiliate; (iii) your intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between you and the Company or an Affiliate, or of any statutory duty owed to the Company or an Affiliate; (iv) your unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) your gross misconduct.  The determination that a termination of your Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause shall be made by the Company in its sole discretion.  Any determination by the Company that your Continuous Service was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of this Agreement shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or an Affiliate or you for any other purpose. 
    
  Data Privacy.    The following provision replaces Section 16 of the Agreement: 
    
  You acknowledge, understand and agree that, in signing or electronically accepting the Grant Notice and/or this Agreement, you consent to the Company and any Affiliate sharing and exchanging your information held in order to administer and operate the Plan (including personal details, data relating to participation, salary, taxation and service and sensitive personal data, e.g., data relating to physical or mental health, criminal conviction or the alleged commission of offences) (the  Information ) and you further consent to the Company and any Affiliate providing the Company s or Affiliates  agents and/or third parties with the Information for the administration and operation of the Plan.  You accept that this may involve the Information being sent to a country outside the European Economic Area which may not have the same level of data protection laws as Ireland.  You acknowledge that you have the right to request a list of the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Information and to review and correct the Information by contacting the Company s stock administration department.  You further acknowledge that the collection, processing and transfer of the Information is important to Plan administration and that failure to consent to same may prohibit participation in the Plan. 
    
  SWITZERLAND 
  Notifications 
  Securities Law Notification.    The grant of the RSUs and the issuance of any Ordinary Shares is not intended to be a public offering in Switzerland.  Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the RSUs constitute a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to article 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations, and neither this document nor any other materials relating to the RSUs may be publicly distributed nor otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.  Finally, neither this document nor any other offering or  

marketing material relating to the RSUs have been or will be filed with, or approved or supervised by, any Swiss regulatory authority (in particular, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA)). 
  UNITED KINGDOM 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Settlement in Ordinary Shares.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or the Agreement to the contrary, the Award may only be settled by the delivery of Ordinary Shares. 
  Notifications 
  Tax Withholding Obligations.    This provision supplements Section 11 of the Agreement: 
    
  If payment or withholding of the income tax due is not made within 90 days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which the event giving rise to the liability or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the    Due Date   ), the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions (   NICs   ) may be payable.  You will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company for the value of any NICs due on this additional benefit, which the Company may recover from you at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 11 of the Agreement. 

Attachment II 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  Amended and Restated 
  2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 5
 jazzq32016ex105.htm
 NON-US OPTION NOTICE & AGREEMENT - 2007 NEDSAP

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.5 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
  Amended and Restated 
  2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan 
  Non-U.S. Option Grant Notice 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ), pursuant to its Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan (the    Plan   ), hereby grants to Optionholder an option to purchase the number of Ordinary Shares specified and on the terms set forth below.  This option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Non-U.S. Option Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and in the Non-U.S. Option Agreement, including any country-specific Appendix (the    Agreement   ), and the Plan, both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. 
                 Optionholder: 
      
      Option #: 
      
      Date of Grant: 
      
      Vesting Commencement Date: 
      
      Number of Ordinary Shares Subject to Option: 
      
      Exercise Price (Per Ordinary Share): 
      
      Total Exercise Price: 
      
      Expiration Date: 

Type of Grant: 
    Nonstatutory Stock Option 
              Vesting Schedule:    
    Subject to Section 1 of the Agreement and any country-specific Appendix to the Agreement, this option will vest as follows:   [  ___________________  ] 
              Payment:    
    By one or a combination of the following items (described in the Agreement): 
              x    
    By cash or check 
              x 
    Pursuant to a Regulation T Program if the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded 
                
    By delivery of already-owned Ordinary Shares if the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded 
     Additional Terms/Acknowledgements:   The undersigned Optionholder acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan.  Optionholder further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Optionholder and the Company regarding the acquisition of Ordinary Shares and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Optionholder under the Plan, (ii) any other specific written agreement between Optionholder and the Company and (iii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law.  By accepting this option, Optionholder consents to receive Plan documents by  

electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
                       Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC 

Optionholder 
      By: 

Signature 
      
    Signature 
      Title: 

Date: 
      
      Date: 

Attachments:      Non-U.S. Option Agreement and Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of Non-U.S. Option Grant Notice for the Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan as approved by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on August 1, 2013. 

Attachment I 
  Non-U.S. Option Agreement 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  Amended and Restated 
  2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan 
  Non-U.S. Option Agreement 
  (Nonstatutory Stock Option) 
  Pursuant to your Non-U.S. Option Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and this Non-U.S. Option Agreement, including any country specific Appendix (the    Agreement   ), Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ) has granted you an option under its Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan (the    Plan   ) to purchase the number of Ordinary Shares indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice.  The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the    Date of Grant   ).  Except as otherwise explicitly provided in the Grant Notice or this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the terms in the Grant Notice or this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.  Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in the Grant Notice or this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
  The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 
  1.  Vesting.    Subject to Section 9 and the limitations contained herein, your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you do not stand for reelection at an annual general meeting of the Company s shareholders (an    Annual Meeting   ) in the year in which your term expires or you otherwise resign effective at an Annual Meeting, and, in either case, your Continuous Service terminates at such Annual Meeting, then effective as of the date of such Annual Meeting, the unvested portion, if any, of your option shall become vested and exercisable with respect to the portion of your option that would have vested through the anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date (as set forth in the Grant Notice) in the year of such Annual Meeting. 
  2.  Number of Shares and Exercise Price.    The number of Ordinary Shares subject to your option and your exercise price per Ordinary Share referenced in your Grant Notice may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments. 
  3.  Method of Payment.    You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the Ordinary Shares you wish to exercise.  You may pay the exercise price in cash or by check  

(subject to Section 4) or in any other manner   permitted by your Grant Notice,   which may include one or more of the following: 
  (a)  Provided that at the time of exercise the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Ordinary Shares, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds.  This manner of payment is also known as a  broker-assisted exercise,   same day sale,  or  sell to cover.  
  (b)  Provided that at the time of exercise the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned Ordinary Shares that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise.   Delivery  for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such Ordinary Shares in a form approved by the Company.  You may not exercise your option by delivery to the Company of Ordinary Shares if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement applicable to the, or restricting the redemption of, the Ordinary Shares. 
  4.  Payment of Par (Nominal) Value.    To the extent that any Ordinary Shares issued upon exercise of your option are newly issued Ordinary Shares, you must pay in cash or by check an amount equal to the par value of such number of newly issued Ordinary Shares (rounded up to the nearest whole cent). 
  5.  Whole Shares.    You may exercise your option only for whole Ordinary Shares. 
  6.  Securities Law Compliance.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, you may not exercise your option unless the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if such Ordinary Shares are not then so registered, the Company has determined that such exercise and issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  The exercise of your option also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations.  The Company shall have no liability to you should your option expire unexercised as a result of the Company s determination that the exercise of your option does not comply with the applicable laws and regulations governing the option or that the exercise is not in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 
  7.  Term.    You may not exercise your option before the commencement or after the expiration of its term.  The term of your option commences on the Date of Grant and expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(i) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following: 
  (a)  three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than your Disability or death or upon a Change in Control (except as otherwise provided in Section 7(c) below);   provided, however,   that if during any part of such three (3) month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the  

section above relating to  Securities Law Compliance,  your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service; 
  (b)  twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 7(c) below); 
  (c)  eighteen (18) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than death; 
  (d)  twelve (12) months after the effective date of a Change in Control if your Continuous Service terminates as of, or within twelve (12) months following     the Change in Control (except as otherwise provided in Section 7(c) above); 
  (e)  the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or 
  (f)  the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
  8.  Exercise. 
  (a)  You may exercise the vested portion of your option during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable Tax-Related Items (defined below) to the Company s Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require. 
  (b)  By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any Tax-Related Items arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option or (ii) the disposition of Ordinary Shares acquired upon such exercise. 
  9.  Change in Control.    If you are either (i) required to resign your position as a Non-Employee Director as a condition of a Change in Control, or (ii) removed from your position as a Non-Employee Director in connection with a Change in Control, your option shall become fully vested and exercisable immediately prior to the effectiveness of such resignation or removal (and contingent upon the effectiveness of such Change in Control). 
  10.  Transferability.    Your option is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. 
  11.  Option Not a Service Contract.    Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue providing services to the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your services and shall not in any way restrict the Company or an Affiliate to terminate your Continuous Service.  In addition, nothing in your option shall obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective shareholders, Boards of Directors, Officers  

or Employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 
  12.  Tax Withholding Obligations. 
  You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, your employer, if your employer is an Affiliate of the Company (the    Employer   ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (   Tax-Related Items   ), is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the option, the subsequent sale of Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items.   
  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by (i) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Ordinary Shares acquired at exercise of the option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) without further consent or (ii) withholding from any cash compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the Employer. 
  Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the Ordinary Share equivalent.   
  Finally, you agree to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Ordinary Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Ordinary Shares, if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 

13.  Nature of Grant.    In accepting the option, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: 
  (a)  the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 
  (b)  the grant of the option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past;  
  (c)  all decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;  
  (d)  you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;  
  (e)  the  option and any Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 
  (f)  the option and any Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments;  
  (g)  the future value of the Ordinary Shares underlying the option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty;  
  (h)  if the underlying Ordinary Shares do not increase in value, the option will have no value;  
  (i)  if you exercise the option and acquire Ordinary Shares, the value of such Ordinary Shares may increase or decrease in value, even below the exercise price; 
  (j)  no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the option resulting from the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Continuous Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the option to which you are otherwise not entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company, any Affiliate or the Employer, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company, any Affiliate and the Employer from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim; 
  (k)  for purposes of the option, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or any  

Affiliate (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Continuous Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, (i) your right to vest in the option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of  garden leave  or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Continuous Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any);  and (ii) the period (if any) during which you may exercise the option after such termination of your Continuous Service will commence on the date you cease to actively provide services and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Continuous Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any; the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of your option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence); 
  (l)  unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the option and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Ordinary Shares; and 
  (m)  you acknowledge and agree that neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the option or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the exercise of the option or the subsequent sale of any Ordinary Shares acquired upon exercise. 
  14.  No Advice Regarding Grant.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Ordinary Shares.  You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
  15.  Data Privacy.        You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other option grant materials  by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to Ordinary Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested,  

unvested or outstanding in your favor ( Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
  You understand that Data will be transferred to a third party stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan.  You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws with a lower level of protection than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the Company, and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards.  Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  16.  Governing Law and Venue.    The option grant and the provisions of this Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 
  For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 
  17.  Language.    If you have received this Agreement, or any other document related to the option and/or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
  18.  Severability.    The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 

19.  Appendix.    Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the option grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  20.  Notices; Electronic Delivery.    Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, fourteen (14) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company.  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  21.  Governing Plan Document.    Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan.  Except as otherwise explicitly provided herein, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
  22.  Amendment.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
  23.  Imposition of Other Requirements.    The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the option and on any Ordinary Shares purchased upon exercise of the option, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
  24.  Waiver.    You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Optionholder. 
  25.  Reporting Obligation.    As long as you serve as a director of the Company or a shadow director or secretary of the Company or an Irish Affiliate, you must notify the Company or the Irish Affiliate in writing within five (5) business days of receiving or disposing of an interest in the Company (e.g., options, Ordinary Shares), or within five (5) business days of becoming aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement.  This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests in the Company of a spouse or minor  

children (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary, as applicable). 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  By signing the Non-U.S. Option Grant Notice to which this Non-U.S. Option Agreement is attached, you shall be deemed to have signed and agreed to the terms and conditions of this Non-U.S. Option Agreement. 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of Non-U.S. Option Agreement for the Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan as approved by the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on August 1, 2013. 

APPENDIX  
  TO THE  
  NON-U.S. OPTION AGREEMENT 
  Terms and Conditions 
  This Appendix contains additional terms and conditions that govern the option granted under the Plan to you if you reside and/or work in one of the countries listed below.  Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan, the Grant Notice and/or the Agreement. 
  If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transfer employment after the option is granted, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you and the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
  Notifications 
  This Appendix contains information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan.  The information is based on the securities, exchange control  and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2013.  Such laws are often complex and change frequently.  As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you exercise the option or sell Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant thereto. 
  The information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result.  Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
  AUSTRIA 
  Notifications 
  Consumer Protection Information.    You may be entitled to revoke acceptance of the option granted under the Plan on the basis of the Austrian Consumer Protection Act (the  Act ) under the conditions listed below, if the Act is considered to be applicable to the Agreement and the Plan:  
           (i) 
    The revocation must be made within one (1) week after acceptance of the option. 
              (ii) 
    The revocation must be in written form to be valid.  It is sufficient if you return the Agreement to the Company or the Company s representative with language which can be  

understood as a refusal to conclude or honor the Agreement, provided the revocation is sent within the period discussed above. 
  Exchange Control Notification.    If you hold Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan outside of Austria, you must submit a report to the Austrian National Bank.  An exemption applies if the value of the Ordinary Shares as of any given quarter does not exceed  30,000,000 or if the value of the Ordinary Shares in any given year as of December 31 does not exceed  5,000,000.  If the former threshold is exceeded, quarterly obligations are imposed, whereas if the latter threshold is exceeded, annual reports must be given.  The annual reporting date is December 31 and the deadline for filing the annual report is March 31 of the following year. 
  A separate reporting requirement applies when you sell Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan or receive a dividend payment.  In that case, there may be exchange control obligations if the cash proceeds are held outside of Austria.  If the transaction volume of all accounts abroad exceeds  3,000,000, the movements and balances of all accounts must be reported monthly, as of the last day of the month, on or before the 15th day of the following month, on the prescribed form (  Meldungen SI-Forderungen und/oder SI-Verpflichtungen  ). 
  BELGIUM 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Taxation of Option.    The option must be accepted in writing either (i) within 60 days of the offer (for tax at offer), or (ii) after 60 days of the offer (for tax at exercise).  You have received a separate offer letter and undertaking form in addition to the Agreement and should refer to the offer letter for a more detailed description of the tax consequences corresponding with when you accept the option.  You should consult with your personal tax advisor regarding taxation of the option and completion of the additional forms. 
  Notifications 
  Tax Reporting.    You are required to report any bank accounts opened and maintained outside of Belgium on your annual tax return. 
  CANADA 
  Terms and Conditions  
  Form of Payment.    Notwithstanding anything in Sections 3(b) and 12 to the contrary, you are prohibited from surrendering Ordinary Shares that you own or attesting to the ownership of Ordinary Shares to pay the exercise price or any Tax-Related Items in connection with the option. 
  Involuntary Termination Terms.    In the event of involuntary termination of your Continuous Service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Continuous Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), vesting will terminate and the period remaining to exercise the option will be measured effective as of the date that is the  

earlier of: (1) the date you receive notice of termination of employment from the Employer, or (2) the date you are no longer actively rendering services, regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under local law (including, but not limited to, statutory law, regulatory law, and/or common law); the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively employed or rendering services for purposes of the option. 
  The following provision applies if you reside in Quebec: 
  Consent to Receive Information in English.    The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceeds entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
  Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig  la r daction en anglais de cette convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement   ou suite   la pr sente convention. 
  Data Privacy Notice and Consent.    This section supplements Section 15 of the Agreement:   
  You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration of the Plan.  You further authorize the Company, the Employer and any Affiliate to disclose and discuss such information with their advisors.  You also authorize the Company, the Employer and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your file. 
  Notifications    
  Tax Reporting.    You are required to report any foreign property (including unvested options and Ordinary Shares) annually on Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total value of your foreign property exceeds C$100,000 at any time during the year.  The form must be filed by April 30th of the following year. 
  FRANCE 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Language Consent.    By accepting the option, you confirm that you have read and understood the documents relating to the option (the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix) which were provided in the English language.  You accept the terms of these documents accordingly. 
    
  Consentement Relatif   la Langue Utilis e.    En acceptant l option, vous confirmez avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs   l option (le Plan et le Contrat, y compris cette Annexe) qui ont  t  communiqu s en langue anglaise.  Vous acceptez les termes de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 
  Notifications 

Exchange Control Notification.    If you hold Ordinary Shares outside of France or maintain a foreign bank account, you are required to report such to the French tax authorities when filing your annual tax return. 
  GERMANY 
  Notifications 
  Exchange Control Information.    Cross-border payments in excess of  12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank.  If you make or receive a payment in excess of this amount, you are responsible for obtaining the appropriate form from a German bank and complying with applicable reporting requirements.   
  IRELAND 
    
  Data Privacy.    The following provision replaces Section 15 of the Agreement: 
    
  You acknowledge, understand and agree that, in signing or electronically accepting the Grant Notice and/or this Agreement, you consent to the Company and any Affiliate sharing and exchanging your information held in order to administer and operate the Plan (including personal details, data relating to participation, salary, taxation and employment and sensitive personal data, e.g,. data relating to physical or mental health, criminal conviction or the alleged commission of offences) (the  Information ) and you further consent to the Company and any Affiliate providing the Company s or Affiliates  agents and/or third parties with the Information for the administration and operation of the Plan.  You accept that this may involve the Information being sent to a country outside the European Economic Area which may not have the same level of data protection laws as Ireland.  You acknowledge that you have the right to request a list of the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Information and to review and correct the Information by contacting the local human resources representative.  You further acknowledge that the collection, processing and transfer of the Information is important to Plan administration and that failure to consent to same may prohibit participation in the Plan. 
  ITALY 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Method of Payment.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Grant Notice or Section 3 of the Agreement, due to securities restrictions in Italy, you are required to use a  cashless sell-all  method of exercise pursuant to which you deliver irrevocable instructions to the broker to sell all Ordinary Shares to which you are entitled at exercise and remit the proceeds from sale, less any Tax-Related Items and brokerage fees or commissions, to you in cash.  You will not be permitted to hold any Ordinary Shares in connection following the exercise of the option.  The Company reserves the right to provide you with additional methods of exercising the option depending upon development of local laws. 

Data Privacy Notification.    The following provision replaces the  Data Privacy  section of the Agreement: 
  You understand that the Company, the Employer and any Affiliate may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance (to the extent permitted under Italian law) or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, Ordinary Shares or directorships held in the Company or any Affiliate, details of all options granted, or any other entitlement to Ordinary Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor ( Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
  You also understand that providing the Company with Data is necessary for the performance of the Plan and that your refusal to provide such Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. The Controller of personal data processing is Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, with registered offices at Fourth Floor, Connaught House, 1 Burlington Road, Dublin 4, Ireland, and, pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, its Representative in France for privacy purposes is EUSA Pharma SAS, Les Jardins d'Eole, 3 all r de S quoias, F 69760, Limonest, France.  You understand that Data will not be publicized, but it may be transferred to banks, other financial institutions, or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan.  You understand that Data may also be transferred to the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company.  You further understand that the Employer, the Company and/or any Affiliate will transfer Data among themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, and that the Company and/or any Affiliate may each further transfer Data to third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer of Data to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan.  Such recipients may receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer Data in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that these recipients may be located in the European Economic Area or elsewhere, such as the United States.  Should the Company exercise its discretion in suspending all necessary legal obligations connected with the management and administration of the Plan, it will delete Data as soon as it has completed all the necessary legal obligations connected with the management and administration of the Plan. 
  You understand that Data processing related to the purposes specified above shall take place under automated or non-automated conditions, anonymously when possible, that comply with the purposes for which Data is collected and with confidentiality and security provisions, as set forth by applicable laws and regulations, with specific reference to Legislative Decree no. 196/2003. 
  The processing activity, including communication, the transfer of Data abroad, including outside of the European Economic Area, as herein specified and pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, does not require your consent thereto, as the processing is necessary to performance of contractual obligations related to implementation, administration, and management of the Plan.  You understand that, pursuant to Section 7 of the Legislative  

Decree no. 196/2003, you have the right to, including but not limited to, access, delete, update, correct, or terminate, for legitimate reason, the Data processing. 
  Furthermore, you are aware that Data will not be used for direct-marketing purposes.  In addition, Data provided can be reviewed and questions or complaints can be addressed by contacting your local human resources representative. 
  Acknowledgement.    You acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement: Section 12 - Tax Withholding Obligations; Section 13 - Nature of Grant; Section 16 - Governing Law and Venue; Section 17 - Language; Section 18 - Severability; Section 20 - Notices; Electronic Delivery; and Section 23 - Imposition of Other Requirements.  In addition, you acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the Data Privacy Notification above. 
  Notifications 
  Exchange Control Notification.    You are required to report the following on your annual tax return (Form UNICO, Schedule RW) or on a special form if no tax return is required: (1) any transfers of cash or Ordinary Shares to or from Italy exceeding  10,000, (2) any foreign investments or investments held outside of Italy at the end of the calendar year exceeding  10,000 if such investments (options, cash or Ordinary Shares) may result in income taxable in Italy, and (3) the amount of the transfers to and from abroad which have had an impact during the calendar year on your foreign investments or investments held outside of Italy, to the extent that the overall amount of the transfers exceed  10,000.  Under certain circumstances, you may be exempt from the requirement under (1) above if the transfer or investment is made through an authorized broker resident in Italy. 
  NETHERLANDS  
  Notifications 
  Insider Trading Notification.    You should be aware of Dutch insider trading rules, which may impact the sale of Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan.  In particular, you may be prohibited from effecting certain transactions if you have insider information regarding the Company.   
  By accepting the grant of the option and participating in the Plan, you acknowledge having read and understood this Insider Trading Notification and further acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with the following Dutch insider trading rules. 
  Under Article 5:56 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, anyone who has  insider information  related to an issuing company is prohibited from effectuating a transaction in securities in or from the Netherlands.   Insider information  is defined as knowledge of details concerning the issuing company to which the securities relate that is not public and which, if published, would reasonably be expected to affect the stock price, regardless of the development of the price.  The insider could be any person in Continuous Service in the Netherlands who has insider information as described herein. 

Given the broad scope of the definition of insider information, certain persons in Continuous Services in the Netherlands may have insider information and, thus, would be prohibited from effectuating a transaction in securities in the Netherlands at a time when in possession of such inside information.  If you are uncertain whether the insider trading rules apply to you, you should consult with your personal legal advisor. 
  POLAND 
  Notifications 
  Exchange Control Notification.    You are required to file quarterly reports to the National Bank of Poland with information on transactions and balances regarding your rights to Ordinary Shares (such as options) and Ordinary Shares if the total value (calculated individually or together with other assets and liabilities possessed abroad) exceeds PLN 7 million.  You also are required to transfer funds through a bank account in Poland if the transferred amount in any single transaction exceeds a specified threshold (currently  15,000).  You are required to retain documents connected with foreign exchange transactions for a period of five years from the date the exchange transaction was made. 
  PORTUGAL 
  Notifications 
  Exchange Control Notification.        If you acquire Ordinary Shares under the Plan and hold the Ordinary Shares with a U.S. broker that is not a Portuguese financial intermediary, you may need to file a report with the Portuguese Central Bank.  If the Ordinary Shares are held by a Portuguese financial intermediary, it will file the report for you. 
  SPAIN 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Nature of Grant.      This provision supplements Section 13 of the Agreement: 
  In accepting the option, you consent to participate in the Plan and acknowledge having received and read a copy of the Plan. 
  You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and discretionally decided to grant an option under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Employer, the Company or any Affiliate throughout the world.  The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not bind the Company or any Affiliate except as set forth in the Plan or Agreement.  Consequently, you understand that your option is granted on the assumption and condition that such option and any Ordinary Shares acquired upon exercise of your option shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Employer or the Company or any Affiliate) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purpose (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever.  In addition, you understand that your option would not be granted but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above; thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that  

should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then the grant of your option shall be null and void. 
  Further, the vesting of your option is expressly conditioned on your Continuous Service, such that if your service or employment terminates for any reason whatsoever, your option ceases vesting immediately effective on the date of termination of your service or employment.  This will be the case, for example, even if you (1) are considered to be unfairly dismissed without good cause; (2) are dismissed for disciplinary or objective reasons or due to a collective dismissal; (3) terminate service or employment due to a change of work location, duties or any other employment or contractual condition; (4) terminate service or employment due to the Company s or any Affiliate s unilateral breach of contract; or (5) are terminated from service or employment for any other reason whatsoever.  Consequently, upon your termination of service or employment for any of the above reasons, you will automatically lose any rights to your option that were unvested on the date of termination.  
  Notifications 
  Securities Law Notification.    Your option described in the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix, does not qualify under Spanish regulations as a security.  No  offer of securities to the public,  as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory.  The Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix, have not been nor will they be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish Securities Exchange Commission), and they do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
  Exchange Control Notification.    The acquisition, ownership and sale of Ordinary Shares under the Plan must be declared for statistical purposes to the Spanish Direcci n General de Comercio e Inversiones (the    DGCI   ), the Bureau for Commerce and Investments, which is a department of the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness.  Generally, the declaration must be made each January for Ordinary Shares owned as of December 31 of the prior year, by means of a D-6 form; however, if the amount of Ordinary Shares acquired or sold exceeds a specific threshold or if you hold 10% or more of the share capital of the Company or such other amount that would entitle you to join the Company s board of directors, the declaration must be filed also within one month of the acquisition or sale, as applicable. 
  When receiving foreign currency payments derived from the ownership of Ordinary Shares (  e.g.  , sale proceeds) exceeding  50,000, you must inform the financial institution receiving the payment of the basis upon which such payment is made. 
  Foreign Asset Reporting Requirement.    Effective January 1, 2013, you are required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any securities accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), as well as the Ordinary Shares held in such accounts if the value of the transactions during the prior tax year or the balances in such accounts as of December 31 of the prior tax year exceed  1,000,000.  
  In addition, you may be subject to certain tax reporting requirements with respect to assets or rights that you hold outside of Spain, including bank accounts, securities and real estate if the aggregate value for particular category of assets exceeds  50,000 as of December 31 each year.   

Shares acquired under the Plan or other equity programs offered by the Company constitute securities for purposes of this requirement, but unvested awards (  e.g  ., options, etc.) are not considered assets or rights for purposes of this reporting requirement.  If applicable, you must report the assets on Form 720 by no later than March 31 following the end of the relevant year.  After the rights and/or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply only if the value of previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than  20,000 as of each subsequent December 31. You should consult with your personal advisor to determine your obligations in this respect. 
  UNITED KINGDOM 
  Terms and Conditions  
  Tax Withholding Obligations.    This provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement: 
  If payment or withholding of the income tax due is not made within 90 days of the event giving rise to the liability or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the  Due Date ), the amount of any uncollected tax will constitute a loan owed by you to the Employer, effective on the Due Date.  You agree that the loan will bear interest at the then-current Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) Official Rate, it will be immediately due and repayable, and the Company or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 12 of the Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), you will not be eligible for such a loan to cover the tax liability.  In the event that you are a director or executive officer and the income tax due is not collected from or paid by you by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected income tax will constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions ( NICs ) will be payable.  You will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Employer for the value of any NICs due on this additional benefit.  
  Joint Election for Transfer of Liability for Employer National Insurance Contributions.    As a condition of participation in the Plan, you agree to accept any liability for secondary Class 1 NICs that may be payable by the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate in connection with the option and any event giving rise to Tax-Related Items (the  Employer NICs ).  Without prejudice to the foregoing, you agree to execute a joint election with the Company, the form of such joint election (the  Joint Election ) having been approved formally by HMRC, and any other required consent or election prior to exercise of the option.  You further agree to execute such other joint elections as may be required between you and any successor to the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate.  You further agree that the Company, the Employer and any Affiliate may collect the Employer NICs from you by any of the means set forth in Section 12 of the Agreement. 
  If you do not enter into a Joint Election prior to the exercise of the option, you will not be entitled to exercise the option unless and until you enter into a Joint Election, and no Ordinary Shares will be issued to you under the Plan, without any liability to the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate. 

JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED 
  2007 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS STOCK AWARD PLAN 
    
  ELECTION TO TRANSFER THE EMPLOYER'S SECONDARY CLASS I  
  NATIONAL INSURANCE LIABILITY TO THE EMPLOYEE 
    
  This Election is between: 
    
           A. 
    The individual who has received this Election (the    Employee   ), who is employed by one of the employing companies listed in the attached schedule (the    Employer   ) and who is eligible to receive stock options (the    Awards   ) pursuant to the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Amended and Restated 2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan (the    Plan   ), and 
       
           B. 
    Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Fourth Floor, Connaught House, 1 Burlington Road, Dublin 4, Ireland (the    Company   ), which may grant Awards under the Plan and is entering into this Election on behalf of the Employer.  
       
           1. 
    Introduction 
              1.1 
    This Election relates to all Awards granted to the Employee under the Plan on or after January 18, 2012 up to the termination date of the Plan. 
              1.2 
    In this Election the following words and phrases have the following meanings: 
              (a) 
       Chargeable Event    means, in relation to the Awards: 
              (i) 
    the acquisition of securities pursuant to the Awards (within section 477(3)(a) of ITEPA);  
              (ii) 
    the assignment (if applicable) or release of the Awards in return for consideration (within section 477(3)(b) of ITEPA);  
              (iii) 
    the receipt of a benefit in connection with the Awards, other than a benefit within (i) or (ii) above (within section 477(3)(c) of ITEPA);  
              (iv) 
    post-acquisition charges relating to the ordinary shares of the Company acquired pursuant to the Awards (within section 427 of ITEPA); and/or 
              (v) 
    post-acquisition charges relating to the ordinary shares of the Company acquired pursuant to the Awards (within section 439 of ITEPA). 
              (b) 
       ITEPA    means the Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003. 
              (c) 
       SSCBA    means the Social Security Contributions and Benefits Act 1992. 
              1.3 
    This Election relates to the Employer s secondary Class 1 National Insurance Contributions (the    Employer s Liability   ) which may arise on the occurrence of a Chargeable Event in  

respect of the Awards pursuant to section 4(4)(a) and/or paragraph 3B(1A) of Schedule 1 of the SSCBA. 
           1.4 
    This Election does not apply in relation to any liability, or any part of any liability, arising as a result of regulations being given retrospective effect by virtue of section 4B(2) of either the SSCBA, or the Social Security Contributions and Benefits (Northern Ireland) Act 1992. 
              1.5 
    This Election does not apply to the extent that it relates to relevant employment income which is employment income of the earner by virtue of Chapter 3A of Part VII of ITEPA (employment income: securities with artificially depressed market value). 
              2. 
    The Election 
     The Employee and the Company jointly elect that the entire liability of the Employer to pay the Employer s Liability on the Chargeable Event is hereby transferred to the Employee.  The Employee understands that, by signing the award grant notice, he or she will become personally liable for the Employer s Liability covered by this Election.  This Election is made in accordance with paragraph 3B(1) of Schedule 1 of the SSCBA. 
           3. 
    Payment of the Employer s Liability 
              3.1 
    The Employee hereby authorises the Company and/or the Employer to collect the Employer s Liability from the Employee at any time after the Chargeable Event: 
              (i) 
    by deduction from salary or any other payment payable to the Employee at any time on or after the date of the Chargeable Event; and/or  
              (ii) 
    directly from the Employee by payment in cash or cleared funds; and/or 
              (iii) 
    by arranging, on behalf of the Employee, for the sale of some of the securities which the Employee is entitled to receive in respect of the Awards, the proceeds from which must be delivered to the Employer in sufficient time for payment to be made to Her Majesty s Revenue   Customs (   HMRC   ) by the due date; and/or 
              (iv) 
    where the proceeds of the gain are to be made through a third party, the Employee will authorize that party to withhold an amount from the payment or to sell some of the securities which the Employee is entitled to receive in respect of the Award, such amount to be paid in sufficient time to enable the Company and/or the Employer to make payment to HMRC by the due date; and/or  
              (v) 
    by any other means specified in the applicable Award agreement entered into between the Employee and the Company. 
              3.2 
    The Company hereby reserves for itself and the Employer the right to withhold the transfer of any securities to the Employee in respect of the Awards until full payment of the Employer s Liability is received.  

3.3 
    The Company or the Employer agrees to remit the Employer s Liability to HMRC on behalf of the Employee within 14 days after the end of the UK tax month during which the Chargeable Event occurs (or within 17 days if payments are made electronically). 
              4. 
    Duration of Election 
              4.1 
    The Employee and the Company agree to be bound by the terms of this Election regardless of whether the Employee is transferred abroad or is not employed by the Employer on the date on which the Employer s Liability becomes due. 
              4.2 
    This Election will continue in effect until the earliest of the following:  
              (i)  
    the date on which the Employee and the Company agree in writing that it should cease to have effect;  
              (ii)  
    the date on which the Company serves written notice on the Employee terminating its effect;  
              (iii)  
    the date on which HMRC withdraws approval of this Election; or  
              (iv)  
    the date on which, after due payment of the Employer s Liability in respect of the entirety of the Awards to which this Election relates or could relate, the Election ceases to have effect in accordance with its own terms. 

SCHEDULE OF EMPLOYER COMPANIES 
  The following are employer companies to which this Election may apply: 
  For each company, provide the following details: 
  EUSA Pharma (Europe) Limited 

Attachment II 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
  Amended and Restated 
  2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 6
 jazzq32016ex106.htm
 US RSU NOTICE & AGREEMENT - 2011 EIP

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.6 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ), pursuant to its 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ), hereby awards to Participant the number of restricted stock units (   RSUs   ) specified and on the terms set forth below (the    Award   ).  The Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and in the U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the    Agreement   ) and the Plan, both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. 
                 Participant: 
      
      RSU #: 
      
      Date of Grant: 
      
      Vesting Commencement Date: 
      
      Number of RSUs Subject to Award: 
      
      Consideration: 
    Participant's Services 
  (payment of par value of newly issued shares) 

Vesting Schedule:        
           Issuance Schedule:    
    One Ordinary Share will be issuable for each RSU which vests at the time set forth in Section 6 of the Agreement. 
     Special Tax  
           Withholding Right:     o 
    You may direct the Company (i) to withhold, from Ordinary Shares otherwise issuable in respect of the Award, a portion of those Ordinary Shares with an aggregate fair market value (measured as of the delivery date) equal to the amount of the applicable withholding taxes, and (ii) to make a cash payment equal to such fair market value directly to the appropriate taxing authorities, as provided in Section 10 of the Agreement. 
              x 
    None 
     Additional Terms/Acknowledgements:   The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan.  Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the Award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on that subject, with the exception of: (i) any employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of the Award upon the terms and conditions set forth therein and (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law.  By accepting this Award, Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
                       Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC 

Participant 
      By: 

Signature 
      
    Signature 
      Title: 

Date: 
      
      Date: 

Attachments:          U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice for the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on July 31, 2013. 

Attachment I 
  U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
  Pursuant to your U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and this U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the    Agreement   ), and in consideration of your services, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ) has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the    Award   ) under its 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ) for the number of restricted stock units (the    RSUs   ) indicated in your Grant Notice.  The Award is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the    Date of Grant   ).  Except as otherwise explicitly provided in the Grant Notice or this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the terms in the Grant Notice or this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.  Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in the Grant Notice or this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan.   
  The details of your Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows. 
  1.  Grant of the Award.    This Award represents your right to be issued on a future date the number of Ordinary Shares that is equal to the number of RSUs indicated in the Grant Notice.  As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the    Account   ) the number of RSUs subject to the Award.  This Award was granted in consideration of your services to the Company or one of its Affiliates.  Except as otherwise provided herein, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than past and future services to the Company or its Affiliates) with respect to your receipt of the Award, the vesting of the RSUs or the delivery of the Ordinary Shares to be issued in respect of the Award;   provided, however  , that to the extent that any Ordinary Shares issued upon settlement of your Award are newly issued Ordinary Shares, a payment must be received by the Company of an amount equal to the par value of such number of newly issued Ordinary Shares (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) in cash, by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company. 
  2.  Vesting.    Subject to Section 11 and the limitations contained herein, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service.  Upon such termination of your Continuous Service, the RSUs credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in such RSUs or the Ordinary Shares to be issued in respect of such portion of the Award.    
  3.  Number of RSUs and Ordinary Shares.    
  (a)   The number of RSUs subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. 

(b)  Any additional RSUs that become subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 3 shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other RSUs covered by your Award. 
  (c)  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3, no fractional Ordinary Shares or rights for fractional Ordinary Shares shall be created pursuant to this Section 3.  The Board shall, in its discretion, determine an equivalent benefit for any fractional Ordinary Shares or fractional Ordinary Shares that might be created by the adjustments referred to in this Section 3. 
  4.  Securities Law Compliance.    You may not be issued any Ordinary Shares in respect of your Award unless either (i) the Ordinary Shares are registered under the Securities Act; or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Your Award also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you will not receive such Ordinary Shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations.  The Company shall not be liable if Ordinary Shares cannot be issued to you as a consequence of the Company s determination that the issuance of Ordinary Shares does not comply with applicable laws and regulations governing the Award.   
  5.  Transfer Restrictions.    Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  In addition to any other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities laws, you agree not to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in any of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Award until the Ordinary Shares are issued to you in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement.  After the Ordinary Shares have been issued to you, you are free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such Ordinary Shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with the provisions herein and applicable securities laws.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, you may designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Ordinary Shares to which you were entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Agreement. 
  6.  Date of Issuance.   
  (a)  To the extent your Award is exempt from application of Section 409A of the Code and any state or foreign law of similar effect (collectively    Section     409A   ), the Company will deliver to you a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the number of vested RSUs subject to your Award, including any additional RSUs received pursuant to Section 3 above that relate to those vested RSUs on the applicable vesting date(s).  However, if a scheduled delivery date falls on a date that is not a business day, such delivery date shall instead fall on the next following business day.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that (i) you are subject to the Company s Policy Regarding Stock Trading by Executive Officers, Directors and Other Designated Employees (or any successor policy) (the    Policy   ), the Company s Policy Against Trading on the Basis of Inside Information, or you are otherwise prohibited from selling Ordinary Shares in the open market and any Ordinary Shares covered by your Award are scheduled to be delivered on a day (the    Original Distribution Date   ) that does not occur during an open  window period  applicable to you or a day on which you are permitted to sell Ordinary Shares pursuant to a written plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Policy, or does not occur on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell Ordinary Shares in the open market, and (ii) the Company elects not to satisfy its tax withholding obligations by withholding Ordinary Shares from your distribution, then such Ordinary Shares shall not be delivered on such Original Distribution Date and shall instead be delivered on the first business day of the next occurring open  window period  applicable to you pursuant to the Policy (regardless of whether you are still providing Continuous Service at such time) or the next business day when you are not prohibited from selling Ordinary Shares in the open market, but in no  

event later than the fifteenth (15th) day of the third calendar month of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Ordinary Shares covered by the Award vest.  Delivery of the Ordinary Shares pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6(a) is intended to comply with the requirements for the short-term deferral exemption available under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be construed and administered in such manner.  The form of such delivery of the Ordinary Shares (  e.g.  , a share certificate or electronic entry evidencing such Ordinary Shares) shall be determined by the Company.   
  (b)  The provisions of this Section 6(b) are intended to apply to the extent your Award is subject to Section 409A because of the terms of a severance arrangement or other agreement between you and the Company, if any, that provide for acceleration of vesting of your Award upon your termination of employment or separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code (and without regard to any alternative definition thereunder)) (   Separation from Service   ) and such severance benefit does not satisfy the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) or 1.409A-1(b)(9) (   Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement   ).  To the extent your Award is subject to and not exempt from application of Section 409A due to application of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, the following provisions in this Section 6(b) shall supersede anything to the contrary in Section 6(a).   
  (i)  If your Award vests in the ordinary course during your Continuous Service in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, without accelerating vesting under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, in no event will the Ordinary Shares be issued in respect of your Award any later than the later of: (A) December 31   st    of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date and (B) the 60   th    day that follows the applicable vesting date.   
  (ii)  If vesting of your Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with your Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were in effect as of the Date of Grant of your Award and, therefore, are part of the terms of your Award as of the Date of Grant, then the Ordinary Shares will be earlier issued in respect of your Award upon your Separation from Service in accordance with the terms of the Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, but in no event later than the 60   th    day that follows the date of your Separation from Service.  However, if at the time the Ordinary Shares would otherwise be issued you are subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to  specified employees,  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such Ordinary Shares shall not be issued before the date that is six (6) months following the date of your Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of your death that occurs within such six (6) month period. 
  (iii)  If vesting of your Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with your Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were not in effect as of the Date of Grant of the Award and, therefore, are not a part of the terms of your Award on the Date of Grant, then such acceleration of vesting of your Award shall not accelerate the issuance date of the Ordinary Shares, but the Ordinary Shares shall instead be issued on the same schedule as set forth in the Grant Notice as if they had vested in the ordinary course during your Continuous Service, notwithstanding the vesting acceleration of the Award.  Such issuance schedule is intended to satisfy the requirements of payment on a specified date or pursuant to a fixed schedule, as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a)(4). 
  (c)  If your Award is subject to and not exempt from Section 409A (a    Non-Exempt Award   ), then the provisions in this Section 6(c) shall apply and supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan, the Grant Notice or in any other section of this Agreement with respect to the permitted treatment of your Non-Exempt Award: 

(i)  Any exercise by the Board of discretion to accelerate the vesting of your Non-Exempt Award shall not result in any acceleration of the scheduled issuance dates for the Ordinary Shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award unless earlier issuance of the Ordinary Shares upon the applicable vesting dates would be in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
  (ii)  The Company explicitly reserves the right to (A) earlier settle your Non-Exempt Award to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, including pursuant to any of the exemptions available in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix) and (B) provide that you will receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares that would otherwise be issued to you, if applicable and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
  (iii)  To the extent the terms of your Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Change in Control or Corporate Transaction event triggering settlement must also constitute a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets, Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (a    409A Change of Control   ).  To the extent the terms of your Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a termination of employment or termination of Continuous Service, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the termination event triggering settlement must also constitute a Separation from Service.  However, if at the time the Ordinary Shares would otherwise be issued to you in connection with your Separation from Service, you are subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to  specified employees,  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such Ordinary Shares shall not be issued before the date that is six (6) months following the date of your Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of your death that occurs within such six (6) month period. 
  (iv)  The provisions in this Agreement for delivery of the Ordinary Shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that the delivery of the Ordinary Shares to you in respect of your Non-Exempt Award will not trigger the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be so interpreted. 
  7.  Dividends.    You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, share dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment as provided in the Plan;   provided, however  , that this sentence shall not apply with respect to any Ordinary Shares that are delivered to you in connection with your Award after such Ordinary Shares have been delivered to you. 
  8.  Restrictive Legends.    The Ordinary Shares issued in respect of your Award shall be endorsed with appropriate legends determined by the Company. 
    
  9.  Award Not a Service Contract.     
  (a)  Your Continuous Service with the Company or an Affiliate is not for any specified term and may be terminated by you or by the Company or an Affiliate at any time, for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice.  Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 2 herein or the issuance of the Ordinary Shares in respect of your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan shall: (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the employ of, or  

affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Company or its Affiliates, as applicable, of the right to terminate you at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. 
  (b)  By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 2 is earned only by providing Continuous Service at the will of the Company (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a  reorganization ).  You further acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your Continuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of your employer and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award.  You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an employee or consultant for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere in any way with your right or the right of the Company or its Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or without cause and with or without notice. 
  10.  Tax Withholding Obligations. 
  (a)  On or before the time you receive a distribution of the Ordinary Shares subject to your Award, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize any required withholding from the Ordinary Shares issuable to you and/or otherwise agree to make adequate provision in cash for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or any Affiliate which arise in connection with your Award (the    Withholding Taxes   ).  Additionally, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Withholding Taxes obligation relating to your Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment; (iii) permitting or requiring you to enter into a  same day sale  commitment with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a    FINRA Dealer   ) whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the Ordinary Shares to be delivered in connection with your RSUs to satisfy the Withholding Taxes and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding Taxes directly to the Company and/or its Affiliates; or (iv) withholding Ordinary Shares from the Ordinary Shares issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date Ordinary Shares are issued to pursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount of such Withholding Taxes;   provided, however  , that the number of such Ordinary Shares so withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s required tax withholding obligations using the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supplemental taxable income.   
  (b)  Unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Ordinary Shares. 
  (c)  In the event the Company s obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of Ordinary Shares or it is determined after the delivery of Ordinary Shares to you that the amount of the  

Company s withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold the proper amount. 
  (d)  If specified in your Grant Notice, you may direct the Company to withhold Ordinary Shares with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount of such Withholding Taxes;   provided, however  , that the number of such Ordinary Shares so withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s required tax withholding obligations using the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supplemental taxable income. 
  11.  Change in Control. 
  (a)  If your Continuous Service terminates either within twelve (12) months following or one (1) month prior to the effective date of a Change in Control due to an Involuntary Termination Without Cause, the vesting of the RSUs subject to this Award shall be accelerated in full.  In order to give effect to the intent of this provision, in the event of your Involuntary Termination Without Cause, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Plan or Section 2 of this Agreement, in no event will any portion of this Award be forfeited or terminate any earlier than one (1) month following such termination date. 
  (b)  For purposes of this Agreement,    Involuntary Termination Without Cause    means the involuntary termination of your Continuous Service for reasons other than death, Disability, or Cause.  Any determination by the Company (or an Affiliate, if applicable) that your Continuous Service was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of this Agreement shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or an Affiliate or you for any other purpose. 
  12.  Parachute Payments. 
  (a)  If any payment or benefit you would receive from the Company or otherwise in connection with a Change in Control or other similar transaction (   Payment   ) would (i) constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the    Excise Tax   ), then such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount.  The  Reduced Amount  shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount ((x) or (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state, foreign and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax.  If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so that the Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the manner that results in the greatest economic benefit for you.  
  (b)  The independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company for general audit purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the event described in Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Code shall perform the foregoing calculations.  If the independent registered public accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting such Change in Control or similar transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder.  The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such independent registered public accounting firm required to be made hereunder.  

(c)  The independent registered public accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company and you within thirty (30) calendar days after the date on which your right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or you) or such other time as reasonably requested by the Company or you.  Any good faith determinations of the independent registered public accounting firm made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and you.  
  13.  Unsecured Obligation.    Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue Ordinary Shares pursuant to this Agreement.  You shall not have voting or any other rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such Ordinary Shares are issued to you pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement.   Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a shareholder of the Company.  Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
  14.  Other Documents.    You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus.  In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting officers and directors to sell Ordinary Shares only during certain  window  periods and the Company s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time.   
  15.  No Advice Regarding Grant.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Ordinary Shares.  You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
  16.  Governing Law and Venue.    The Award and the provisions of this Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of law provisions. 
  For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 
  17.  Notices; Electronic Delivery.    Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan shall be given in writing (including electronically) and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  By accepting this Award you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  18.  Miscellaneous. 
  (a)  The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit  

of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns, if any.  Your rights and obligations under your Award may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.  
  (b)  You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
  (c)  You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award, and fully understand all provisions of your Award. 
  (d)  This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
  (e)  All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 
  19.  Governing Plan Document.    Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Award and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control.  In addition, your Award (and any compensation paid or Ordinary Shares issued under your Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. 
  20.  Severability.    If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid.  Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
  21.  Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans.    The value of the Award subject to this Agreement shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating the Employee s benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company s or any Affiliate s employee benefit plans. 
  22.  Amendment.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
  23.  Headings.    The headings of the Sections in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Agreement. 
  24.  No Obligation to Minimize Taxes.    The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences to you of this Award and will not be liable to you for any adverse tax consequences to you  

arising in connection with this Award.  You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and/or legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this Award and by signing the Grant Notice, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.   
  25.  Waiver.    You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
  26.  Insider Trading / Market Abuse Laws.    You may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to acquire or sell Ordinary Shares or rights to Ordinary Shares (  e.g.,   RSUs) under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have  inside information  regarding the Company (as defined by applicable laws).  Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time.  You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  By signing the U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice to which this U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement is attached, you shall be deemed to have signed and agreed to the terms and conditions of this U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on July 31, 2013. 

Attachment II 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan  

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 7
 jazzq32016ex107.htm
 US OPTION NOTICE & AGREEMENT - 2011 EIP

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.7 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  U.S. Option Grant Notice 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ), pursuant to its 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ), hereby grants to Optionholder an option to purchase the number of Ordinary Shares specified and on the terms set forth below.  This option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this U.S. Option Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and in the U.S. Option Agreement (the    Agreement   ) and the Plan, both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. 
                 Optionholder: 
      
      Option #: 
      
      Date of Grant: 
      
      Vesting Commencement Date: 
      
      Number of Ordinary Shares Subject to Option: 
      
      Exercise Price (Per Ordinary Share): 
      
      Total Exercise Price: 
      
      Expiration Date: 

Type of Grant: 
        Incentive Stock Option   1           Nonstatutory Stock Option 
     Vesting Schedule:        
           Payment:    
    By one or a combination of the following items (described in the Agreement): 
              x    
    By cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 
              x 
    Pursuant to a Regulation T Program if the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded 
                
    By delivery of already-owned Ordinary Shares if the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded 
              x 
    If and only to the extent this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and subject to the Company's consent at the time of exercise, by a "net exercise" arrangement 
       
  Additional Terms/Acknowledgements:   The undersigned Optionholder acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan.  Optionholder further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Optionholder and the Company regarding the acquisition of Ordinary Shares and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Optionholder under the Plan, (ii) any other specific written agreement between Optionholder and the Company and (iii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law.  By accepting this option, Optionholder consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  __________________ 
   1       If this is an Incentive Stock Option, it (plus other outstanding Incentive Stock Options) cannot be first   exercisable   for more than $100,000 in value (measured by exercise price) in any calendar year. Any excess over $100,000 is a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 
  
   1 

Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC 

Optionholder 
      By: 

Signature 
      
    Signature 
      Title: 

Date: 
      
      Date: 

Attachments:      U.S. Option Agreement and 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of U.S. Option Grant Notice for the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on July 31, 2013. 

2 

Attachment I 
  U.S. Option Agreement 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  U.S. Option Agreement 
  (Incentive Stock Option or Nonstatutory Stock Option) 
  Pursuant to your U.S. Option Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and this U.S. Option Agreement (the    Agreement   ), Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ) has granted you an option under its 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ) to purchase the number of Ordinary Shares indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice.  The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the    Date of Grant   ).  Except as otherwise explicitly provided in the Grant Notice or this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the terms in the Grant Notice or this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.  Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in the Grant Notice or this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
  The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 
  1.  Vesting.    Subject to Section 10 and the limitations contained herein, your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 
  2.  Number of Shares and Exercise Price.    The number of Ordinary Shares subject to your option and your exercise price per Ordinary Share referenced in your Grant Notice may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments. 
  3.  Exercise Restriction for Non-Exempt Employees.    If you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a    Non-Exempt Employee   ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six (6) months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant, even if you have already been an employee for more than six (6) months.  Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, you may exercise your option as to any vested portion prior to such six (6) month anniversary in the case of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which your option is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control or (iv) your termination of Continuous Service on your  retirement  (as defined in the Company s benefit plans).   
  4.  Method of Payment.    You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the Ordinary Shares you wish to exercise.  You may pay the exercise price in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company (subject to Section 5) or in any other manner   permitted by your Grant Notice,   which may include one or more of the following: 
  
   3 

(a)  Provided that at the time of exercise the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Ordinary Shares, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds.  This manner of payment is also known as a  broker-assisted exercise,   same day sale,  or  sell to cover.  
  (b)  Provided that at the time of exercise the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned Ordinary Shares that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise.   Delivery  for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such Ordinary Shares in a form approved by the Company.  You may not exercise your option by delivery to the Company of Ordinary Shares if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement applicable to the or restricting the redemption of the Ordinary Shares. 
  (c)  If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, subject to the consent of the Company at the time of exercise, by a  net exercise  arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Ordinary Shares issued upon exercise of your option by the largest whole number of Ordinary Shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price.  You must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the  net exercise  in cash or other permitted form of payment.  Ordinary Shares will no longer be outstanding under your option and will not be exercisable thereafter if those Ordinary Shares (i) are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the  net exercise,  (ii) are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (iii) are withheld to satisfy your tax withholding obligations. 
  5.  Payment of Par (Nominal) Value.    To the extent that any Ordinary Shares issued upon exercise of your option are newly issued Ordinary Shares, you must pay in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company an amount equal to the par value of such number of newly issued Ordinary Shares (rounded up to the nearest whole cent). 
  6.  Whole Shares.    You may exercise your option only for whole Ordinary Shares. 
  7.  Securities Law Compliance.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, you may not exercise your option unless the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if such Ordinary Shares are not then so registered, the Company has determined that such exercise and issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  The exercise of your option also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations.  The Company shall have no liability to you should your option expire unexercised as a result of the Company s determination that the exercise of your option does not comply with the applicable laws and regulations governing the option or that the exercise is not in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 
  8.  Term.    You may not exercise your option before the commencement or after the expiration of its term.  The term of your option commences on the Date of Grant and expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(h) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following: 
  (a)  three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause or your Disability or death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(c) below);   provided, however,   that if during any part of such three (3) month period your option is not exercisable solely because  
  
   4 

of the condition set forth in the section above relating to  Securities Law Compliance,  your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service;   provided further,   that if (i) you are a Non-Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six (6) months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven (7) months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date; 
  (b)  twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(c) below); 
  (c)  eighteen (18) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause; 
  (d)  five (5) days following the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause;  
  (e)  the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or 
  (f)  the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
  If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant of your option and ending on the day three (3) months before the date of your option s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability.  The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three (3) months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates. 
  9.  Exercise. 
  (a)  You may exercise the vested portion of your option during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company s Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require. 
  (b)  By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option or (ii) the disposition of Ordinary Shares acquired upon such exercise. 
  (c)  If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the Ordinary Shares issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two (2) years after the date of your option grant or within one (1) year after such Ordinary Shares are transferred upon exercise of your option. 
  10.  Change in Control.  
  
   5 

(a)  If your Continuous Service terminates either within twelve (12) months following or one (1) month prior to the effective date of a Change in Control due to an Involuntary Termination Without Cause, the vesting and exercisability of your option shall be accelerated in full.  
  (b)  For purposes of this Agreement,    Involuntary Termination Without Cause    means the involuntary termination of your Continuous Service for reasons other than death, Disability, or Cause.  Any determination by the Company (or an Affiliate, if applicable) that your Continuous Service was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of this Agreement shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or an Affiliate or you for any other purpose. 
  11.  Parachute Payments. 
  (a)  If any payment or benefit you would receive from the Company or otherwise in connection with a Change in Control or other similar transaction (   Payment   ) would (i) constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the    Excise Tax   ), then such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount.  The  Reduced Amount  shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount ((x) or (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state, foreign and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax.  If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so that the Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the manner that results in the greatest economic benefit for you.  
  (b)  The independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company for general audit purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the event described in Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Code shall perform the foregoing calculations.  If the independent registered public accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting such Change in Control or similar transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder.  The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such independent registered public accounting firm required to be made hereunder.  
  (c)  The independent registered public accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company and you within thirty (30) calendar days after the date on which your right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or you) or such other time as reasonably requested by the Company or you.  Any good faith determinations of the independent registered public accounting firm made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and you.  
  12.  Transferability.    Your option is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, you may designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise your option.  In addition, if permitted by the Company you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the option is held in the trust, provided that you and the trustee enter into a transfer and other agreements required by the Company.   
  
   6 

13.  Option Not a Service Contract.    Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment and shall not in any way restrict the Company or an Affiliate to terminate your Continuous Service or employment.  In addition, nothing in your option shall obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective shareholders, Boards of Directors, Officers or Employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 
  14.  Tax Withholding Obligations. 
  (a)  At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a  same day sale  pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option. 
  (b)  If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, then upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested Ordinary Shares otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole Ordinary Shares having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes).  Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility. 
  (c)  You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied.  Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue a certificate for such Ordinary Shares or release such Ordinary Shares from any escrow provided for herein unless such obligations are satisfied. 
  15.  Tax Consequences.    You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities.  You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation.  In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the exercise price per Ordinary Share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the  fair market value  per Ordinary Share on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option. 
  16.  No Advice Regarding Grant.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Ordinary Shares.  You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
  17.  Governing Law and Venue.    The option grant and the provisions of this Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 
  
   7 

For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 
  18.  Severability.    The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
  19.  Notices; Electronic Delivery.    Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company.  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  20.  Governing Plan Document.    Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan.  Except as otherwise explicitly provided herein, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
  21.  Amendment.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
  22.  Imposition of Other Requirements.    The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the option and on any Ordinary Shares purchased upon exercise of the option, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
  23.  Waiver.    You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
  24.  Insider Trading / Market Abuse Laws.    You may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to acquire or sell Ordinary Shares or rights to Ordinary Shares (  e.g.,   options) under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have  inside information  regarding the Company (as defined by applicable laws).  Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time.  You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  
   8 

By signing the U.S. Option Grant Notice to which this U.S. Option Agreement is attached, you shall be deemed to have signed and agreed to the terms and conditions of this U.S. Option Agreement. 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of U.S. Option Agreement for the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on July 31, 2013. 

9 

Attachment II 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan  

10 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 8
 jazzq32016ex108.htm
 NON-US RSU NOTICE & AGREEMENT - 2011 EIP

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.8 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ), pursuant to its 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ), hereby awards to Participant the number of restricted stock units (   RSUs   ) specified and on the terms set forth below (the    Award   ).  The Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and in the Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any country-specific Appendix (the    Agreement   ), and the Plan, both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. 
                 Participant: 
      
      RSU #: 
      
      Date of Grant: 
      
      Vesting Commencement Date: 
      
      Number of RSUs Subject to Award: 
      
      Consideration: 
    Participant's Services 
  (payment of par value of newly issued shares) 

Vesting Schedule:        
           Issuance Schedule: 
    One Ordinary Share will be issuable for each RSU which vests at the time set forth in Section 6 of the Agreement. 
     Additional Terms/Acknowledgements:   The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan.  Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Grant Notice, the Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the Award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on that subject, with the exception of: (i) any employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of the Award upon the terms and conditions set forth therein and (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law.  By accepting this Award, Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
                       Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC 

Participant 
      By: 

Signature 
      
    Signature 
      Title: 

Date: 
      
      Date: 

1 

Attachments:          Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice for the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc on July 31, 2013. 

2 

Attachment I 
  Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
  Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
  Pursuant to your Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the    Grant Notice   ) and this Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any country-specific Appendix (the    Agreement   ), and in consideration of your services, Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Company   ) has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the    Award   ) under its 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ) for the number of restricted stock units (the    RSUs   ) indicated in your Grant Notice.  The Award is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the    Date of Grant   ).  Except as otherwise explicitly provided in the Grant Notice or this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the terms in the Grant Notice or this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.  Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in the Grant Notice or this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan.     
  The details of your Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows. 
  1.  Grant of the Award.    This Award represents your right to be issued on a future date the number of Ordinary Shares that is equal to the number of RSUs indicated in the Grant Notice.  As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the    Account   ) the number of RSUs subject to the Award.  This Award was granted in consideration of your services to the Company or one of its Affiliates.  Except as otherwise provided herein, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than past and future services to the Company or its Affiliates) with respect to your receipt of the Award, the vesting of the RSUs or the delivery of the Ordinary Shares to be issued in respect of the Award;   provided, however  , that to the extent that any Ordinary Shares issued upon settlement of your Award are newly issued Ordinary Shares, a payment must be received by the Company of an amount equal to the par value of such number of newly issued Ordinary Shares (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) in cash, by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company. 
  2.  Vesting.    Subject to Section 11 and the limitations contained herein, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service.  Upon such termination of your Continuous Service, the RSUs credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in such RSUs or the Ordinary Shares to be issued in respect of such portion of the Award. 
  3.  Number of RSUs and Ordinary Shares.    
  (a)   The number of RSUs subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. 
  
   1 

(b)  Any additional RSUs that become subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 3 shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other RSUs covered by your Award. 
  (c)  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3, no fractional Ordinary Shares or rights for fractional Ordinary Shares shall be created pursuant to this Section 3.  The Board shall, in its discretion, determine an equivalent benefit for any fractional Ordinary Shares or fractional Ordinary Shares that might be created by the adjustments referred to in this Section 3. 
  4.  Securities Law Compliance.    You may not be issued any Ordinary Shares in respect of your Award unless either (i) the Ordinary Shares are registered under the Securities Act; or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Your Award also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you will not receive such Ordinary Shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations.  The Company shall not be liable if Ordinary Shares cannot be issued to you as a consequence of the Company s determination that the issuance of Ordinary Shares does not comply with applicable laws and regulations governing the Award. 
  5.  Transfer Restrictions.    Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  In addition to any other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities laws, you agree not to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in any of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Award until the Ordinary Shares are issued to you in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement.  After the Ordinary Shares have been issued to you, you are free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such Ordinary Shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with the provisions herein (including the country-specific Appendix hereto) and applicable securities laws. 
  6.  Date of Issuance.   
  (a)  To the extent your Award is exempt from application of Section 409A of the Code and any state or foreign law of similar effect (collectively    Section     409A   ), the Company will deliver to you a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the number of vested RSUs subject to your Award, including any additional RSUs received pursuant to Section 3 above that relate to those vested RSUs on the applicable vesting date(s).  However, if a scheduled delivery date falls on a date that is not a U.S. business day, such delivery date shall instead fall on the next following U.S. business day.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that (i) you are subject to the Company s Policy Regarding Stock Trading by Executive Officers, Directors and Other Designated Employees (or any successor policy) (the    Policy   ), the Company s Policy Against Trading on the Basis of Inside Information, or you are otherwise prohibited from selling Ordinary Shares in the open market and any Ordinary Shares covered by your Award are scheduled to be delivered on a day (the    Original Distribution Date   ) that does not occur during an open  window period  applicable to you or a day on which you are permitted to sell Ordinary Shares pursuant to a written plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Policy, or does not occur on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell Ordinary Shares in the open market, and (ii) the Company elects not to satisfy any Tax-Related Items (defined below) by withholding Ordinary Shares from your distribution, then such Ordinary Shares shall not be delivered on such Original Distribution Date and shall instead be delivered on the first U.S. business day of the next occurring open  window period  applicable to you pursuant to the Policy (regardless of whether you are still providing Continuous Service at such time) or the next U.S. business day when you are not prohibited from selling Ordinary Shares in the open market, but in no event later than the fifteenth (15th) day of the third calendar month of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Ordinary Shares covered by the Award  
  
   2 

vest.  Delivery of the Ordinary Shares pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6(a) is intended to comply with the requirements for the short-term deferral exemption available under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be construed and administered in such manner.  The form of such delivery of the Ordinary Shares (  e.g.  , a share certificate or electronic entry evidencing such Ordinary Shares) shall be determined by the Company. 
  (b)  The provisions of this Section 6(b) are intended to apply to the extent you are a U.S. taxpayer and your Award is subject to Section 409A because of the terms of a severance arrangement or other agreement between you and the Company, if any, that provide for acceleration of vesting of your Award upon your termination of employment or separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code (and without regard to any alternative definition thereunder)) (   Separation from Service   ) and such severance benefit does not satisfy the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) or 1.409A-1(b)(9) (   Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement   ).  If you are not a U.S. taxpayer, this Section 6(b) shall not apply to you.  To the extent your Award is subject to and not exempt from application of Section 409A due to application of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, the following provisions in this Section 6(b) shall supersede anything to the contrary in Section 6(a). 
  (i)  If your Award vests in the ordinary course during your Continuous Service in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, without accelerating vesting under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, in no event will the Ordinary Shares be issued in respect of your Award any later than the later of: (A) December 31   st    of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date and (B) the 60   th    day that follows the applicable vesting date. 
  (ii)  If vesting of your Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with your Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were in effect as of the Date of Grant of your Award and, therefore, are part of the terms of your Award as of the Date of Grant, then the Ordinary Shares will be earlier issued in respect of your Award upon your Separation from Service in accordance with the terms of the Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, but in no event later than the 60   th    day that follows the date of your Separation from Service.  However, if at the time the Ordinary Shares would otherwise be issued you are subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to  specified employees,  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such Ordinary Shares shall not be issued before the date that is six (6) months following the date of your Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of your death that occurs within such six (6) month period. 
  (iii)  If vesting of your Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with your Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were not in effect as of the Date of Grant of the Award and, therefore, are not a part of the terms of your Award on the Date of Grant, then such acceleration of vesting of your Award shall not accelerate the issuance date of the Ordinary Shares, but the Ordinary Shares shall instead be issued on the same schedule as set forth in the Grant Notice as if they had vested in the ordinary course during your Continuous Service, notwithstanding the vesting acceleration of the Award.  Such issuance schedule is intended to satisfy the requirements of payment on a specified date or pursuant to a fixed schedule, as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a)(4). 
  (c)  If you are a U.S. taxpayer and your Award is subject to and not exempt from Section 409A (a    Non-Exempt Award   ), then the provisions in this Section 6(c) shall apply and supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan, the Grant Notice or in any other section of this Agreement with respect to the permitted treatment of your Non-Exempt Award: 
  
   3 

(i)  Any exercise by the Board of discretion to accelerate the vesting of your Non-Exempt Award shall not result in any acceleration of the scheduled issuance dates for the Ordinary Shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award unless earlier issuance of the Ordinary Shares upon the applicable vesting dates would be in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
  (ii)  The Company explicitly reserves the right to (A) earlier settle your Non-Exempt Award to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, including pursuant to any of the exemptions available in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix) and (B) provide that you will receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares that would otherwise be issued to you, if applicable and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
  (iii)  To the extent the terms of your Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Change in Control or Corporate Transaction event triggering settlement must also constitute a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets, Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (a    409A Change of Control   ).  To the extent the terms of your Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a termination of employment or termination of Continuous Service, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the termination event triggering settlement must also constitute a Separation from Service.  However, if at the time the Ordinary Shares would otherwise be issued to you in connection with your Separation from Service, you are subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to  specified employees,  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such Ordinary Shares shall not be issued before the date that is six (6) months following the date of your Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of your death that occurs within such six (6) month period. 
  (iv)  The provisions in this Agreement for delivery of the Ordinary Shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that the delivery of the Ordinary Shares to you in respect of your Non-Exempt Award will not trigger the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be so interpreted. 
  7.  Dividends.    You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, share dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment as provided in the Plan;   provided, however  , that this sentence shall not apply with respect to any Ordinary Shares that are delivered to you in connection with your Award after such Ordinary Shares have been delivered to you. 
  8.  Restrictive Legends.    The Ordinary Shares issued in respect of your Award shall be endorsed with appropriate legends determined by the Company. 
  9.  Award Not a Service Contract.     
  (a)  Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 2 herein or the issuance of the Ordinary Shares in respect of your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan shall:  (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the employ of, or affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or  
  
   4 

(iv) deprive the Company or its Affiliates, as applicable, of the right to terminate you without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. 
  (b)  By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in Section 2 is earned only by providing Continuous Service (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a  reorganization ).  You further acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your Continuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of your employer and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award.  You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an employee or consultant for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere in any way with your right or the right of the Company or its Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your Continuous Service at any time. 
  10.  Tax Withholding Obligations.   
  (a)  On or before the time you receive a distribution of the Ordinary Shares subject to your Award, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize the Company or, if different, your employer (the    Employer   ) to withhold from the Ordinary Shares issuable to you an amount sufficient to satisfy any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items which arise in connection with your Award (   Tax-Related Items   ), where the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares is measured as of the date the Ordinary Shares are issued pursuant to Section 6.  Additionally, the Company or the Employer may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Tax-Related Items obligation relating to your Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or your Employer; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment; or (iii) permitting or requiring you to enter into a  same day sale  commitment with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a    FINRA Dealer   ) whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the Ordinary Shares to be delivered in connection with your Award to satisfy the Tax-Related Items and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Tax-Related Items directly to the Company and/or its Affiliates.  Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the Ordinary Share equivalent.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding from Ordinary Shares otherwise issuable to you, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Ordinary Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Ordinary Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the Company and/or your Employer make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award grant, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant to such vesting and the receipt of any dividends, and do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  You further acknowledge that if you become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any  
  
   5 

relevant taxable event, the Company and/or your Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or the Employer are satisfied, the Company and/or the Employer shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Ordinary Shares. 
  (c)  In the event the Company s and/or the Employer s obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of Ordinary Shares or it is determined after the delivery of Ordinary Shares to you that the amount of the Company s and/or the Employer s withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company and/or the Employer, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company and/or the Employer to withhold the proper amount. 
  11.  Change in Control. 
  (a)  If your Continuous Service terminates either within twelve (12) months following or one (1) month prior to the effective date of a Change in Control due to an Involuntary Termination Without Cause, the vesting of the RSUs subject to this Award shall be accelerated in full.  In order to give effect to the intent of this provision, in the event of your Involuntary Termination Without Cause, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Plan or Section 2 of this Agreement, in no event will any portion of this Award be forfeited or terminate any earlier than one (1) month following such termination date. 
  (b)  For purposes of this Agreement,    Involuntary Termination Without Cause    means the involuntary termination of your Continuous Service for reasons other than death, Disability, or Cause.  For this purpose,  Cause  means the occurrence of any of the following events that has a material negative impact on the business or reputation of the Company or an Affiliate: (i) your conviction for any criminal offence (other than an offence under any road traffic legislation for which a fine or non-custodial penalty is imposed) or any offence under any regulation or legislation relating to insider dealing, fraud or dishonesty; (ii) your attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company or an Affiliate; (iii) your intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between you and the Company or an Affiliate, or of any statutory duty owed to the Company or an Affiliate; (iv) your unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s or an Affiliate s confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) your gross misconduct.  The determination that a termination of your Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause shall be made by the Company in its sole discretion.  Any determination by the Company that your Continuous Service was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of this Agreement shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or an Affiliate or you for any other purpose. 
  12.  Parachute Payments. 
  (a)  If you are a U.S. taxpayer and any payment or benefit you would receive from the Company or otherwise in connection with a Change in Control or other similar transaction (   Payment   ) would (i) constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the    Excise Tax   ), then such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount.  The  Reduced Amount  shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount ((x) or (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state, foreign and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax.  If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so  
  
   6 

that the Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the manner that results in the greatest economic benefit for you.  
  (b)  The independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company for general audit purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the event described in Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Code shall perform the foregoing calculations.  If the independent registered public accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting such Change in Control or similar transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder.  The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such independent registered public accounting firm required to be made hereunder.  
  (c)  The independent registered public accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company and you within thirty (30) calendar days after the date on which your right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or you) or such other time as reasonably requested by the Company or you.  Any good faith determinations of the independent registered public accounting firm made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and you.  
  13.  Unsecured Obligation.    Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue Ordinary Shares pursuant to this Agreement.  You shall not have voting or any other rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such Ordinary Shares are issued to you pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement.  Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a shareholder of the Company.  Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
  14.  Other Documents.    You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus.  In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting officers and directors to sell Ordinary Shares only during certain  window  periods and the Company s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time.   
  15.  Nature of Grant.    In accepting the grant, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: 
  (a)  the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 
  (b)  the Award grant is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs have been granted in the past;  
  (c)  all decisions with respect to future grants of RSUs or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;  
  (d)  you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;  
  (e)  the RSUs and the Ordinary Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 
  
   7 

(f)  the RSUs and the Ordinary Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments;  
  (g)  the future value of the underlying Ordinary Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty;  
  (h)  no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resulting from the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Continuous Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the Award, you agree not to institute any claim against the Company, any Affiliate or the Employer;  
  (i)  for purposes of the Award, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Affiliate (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Continuous Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, your right to vest in the Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (  e.g.  , your period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of  garden leave  or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Continuous Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any); the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of your RSU grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence);  
  (j)  unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the RSUs and the Ordinary Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of the Company or any Affiliate; 
  (k)  unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Award and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Ordinary Shares; and 
  (l)  neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Award or the subsequent sale of any Ordinary Shares acquired upon settlement. 
  16.  No Advice Regarding Grant.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Ordinary Shares.  You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
  17.  Data Privacy.      You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other  
  
   8 

Award grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
  You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Ordinary Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Ordinary Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor ( Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.   
    
  You understand that Data will be transferred to a third party stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan.  You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws with a lower level of protection than your country.  You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the Company, and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Service and career with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you RSUs or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
  18.  Governing Law and Venue.    The Award and the provisions of this Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of law provisions. 
  For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 
  19.  Language.    If you have received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
  20.  Appendix.    Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Award shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and  
  
   9 

conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
  21.  Notices; Electronic Delivery.    Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan shall be given in writing (including electronically) and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, fourteen (14) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  By accepting this Award you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
  22.  Miscellaneous. 
  (a)  All covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns, if any.  Your rights and obligations under your Award may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.  
  (b)  You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
  (c)  You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award, and fully understand all provisions of your Award. 
  (d)  All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 
  23.  Insider Trading / Market Abuse Laws.    Depending on your country, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to acquire or sell Ordinary Shares or rights to Ordinary Shares (  e.g.,   RSUs) under the Plan during such times as you are considered to have  inside information  regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in your country).  Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time.  You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
  24.  Foreign Asset/Account, Exchange Control and Tax Reporting.    You may be subject to foreign asset/account, exchange control and/or tax reporting requirements as a result of the acquisition, holding and/or transfer of Ordinary Shares or cash (including dividends and the proceeds arising from the sale of Ordinary Shares) derived from your participation in the Plan, to and/or from a brokerage/bank account or legal entity located outside your country.  The applicable laws of your country may require that you report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and/or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in such country.  You acknowledge that you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable foreign asset/account, exchange control and tax reporting requirements and should consult your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
  
   10 

25.  Governing Plan Document.    Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Award and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control.  In addition, your Award (and any compensation paid or Ordinary Shares issued under your Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. 
  26.  Severability.    If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid.  Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
  27.  Amendment.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
  28.  Headings.    The headings of the Sections in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Agreement. 
  29.  Waiver.    You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant.  
  *  *  *  *  * 
  By signing the Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice to which this Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement is attached, you shall be deemed to have signed and agreed to the terms and conditions of this Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
  *  *  *  *  * 
  Based on the form of Non-U.S. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the    Committee   ) on July 31, 2013, and as amended and restated by the Committee on May 4, 2016 and November 2, 2016. 
  
   11 

APPENDIX 
  TO THE 
  NON-U.S. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
  This Appendix contains additional terms and conditions that govern the Award granted under the Plan to you if you reside and/or work in one of the countries listed below.  Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Agreement. 
  If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transfer employment and/or residency after the RSUs are granted, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you, and the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
  Notifications 
  This Appendix contains information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan.  The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of February 2016.  Such laws are often complex and change frequently.  As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you vest in the RSUs or sell Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant thereto. 
  The information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result.  Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
  AUSTRIA 
  Notifications 
  Consumer Protection Notification.    You may be entitled to revoke acceptance of the Agreement on the basis of the Austrian Consumer Protection Act (the  Act ) under the conditions listed below, if the Act is considered to be applicable to the Agreement and the Plan:  
  (i)  The revocation must be made within fourteen (14) days after acceptance of the Agreement. 
  (ii)  The revocation must be in written form to be valid.  It is sufficient if you return the Agreement to the Company or the Company s representative with language which can be understood as a refusal to conclude or honor the Agreement, provided the revocation is sent within the period discussed above. 
  Exchange Control Notification.    If you hold Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan outside of Austria, you must submit a report to the Austrian National Bank.  An exemption applies if the value of the Ordinary Shares as of any given quarter does not meet or exceed  30,000,000 or if the value of the Ordinary Shares in any given year as of December 31 does not meet or exceed  5,000,000.  If the former threshold is exceeded, quarterly obligations are imposed, whereas if the latter threshold is exceeded, annual reports must be given.   
  
   12 

The annual reporting date is December 31 and the deadline for filing the annual report is March 31 of the following year. 
  A separate reporting requirement applies when you sell Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan or receive a dividend.  In that case, there may be exchange control obligations if the cash proceeds are held outside of Austria.  If the transaction volume of all accounts abroad meets or exceeds  10,000,000, the movements and balances of all accounts must be reported monthly, as of the last day of the month, on or before the 15th day of the following month, on the prescribed form (  Meldungen SI-Forderungen und/oder SI-Verpflichtungen  ). 
  BELGIUM 
  Notifications 
  Foreign Asset / Account Reporting.    Belgian residents are required to report any securities held (  e.g.,   Ordinary Shares) or bank accounts opened and maintained outside of Belgium on your annual tax return.  In a separate report, Belgian residents are required to provide the National Bank of Belgium with the account details of any such foreign accounts.  
  CANADA 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Settlement of RSUs.    Notwithstanding any discretion contained in the Plan, the grant of RSUs does not provide any right for you to receive a cash payment; the RSUs are payable in Ordinary Shares only. 
  Involuntary Termination Terms.    In the event of involuntary termination of your Continuous Service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Continuous Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), vesting will terminate as of the date that is the earlier of: (1) the date you receive notice of termination of employment from the Employer, or (2) the date you are no longer actively rendering services, regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under local law (including, but not limited to, statutory law, regulatory law, and/or common law); the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively employed or rendering services for purposes of the RSUs. 
  The following provisions apply if Participant resides in Quebec: 
  Consent to Receive Information in English.    The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
  Consentement Pour Recevoir Des Informations en Anglais.    Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig  la r daction en anglais de la convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement  , la pr sente convention. 
  Data Privacy.    The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement: 
  You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration of the Plan.  You further authorize the Company, the Employer and any Affiliate to disclose and discuss such information  
  
   13 

with their advisors.  You also authorize the Company, the Employer and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employment file. 
  Notifications    
  Foreign Asset / Account Reporting.    Canadian residents are required to report any foreign property (including unvested RSUs and Ordinary Shares) annually on Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C$100,000 at any time during the year.  The form must be filed by April 30th of the following year.  RSUs must be reported - generally at a nil cost - if the C$100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign specified property.  When Ordinary Shares are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base (   ACB   ) of the Ordinary Shares.  The ACB would ordinarily equal the fair market value of the Ordinary Shares at the time of acquisition, but if other shares are also owned, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares.  You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations.   
  FRANCE 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Language Consent.    By accepting the grant, you confirm that you have read and understood the documents relating to the grant (the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix) which were provided in the English language.  You accept the terms of these documents accordingly. 
    
  Consentement Relatif   la Langue Utilis e.    En acceptant l attribution, vous confirmez avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs   l attribution (le Plan et le Contrat, y compris cette Annexe) qui ont  t  communiqu s en langue anglaise.  Vous acceptez les termes de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 
    
  Notifications 
  Foreign Asset / Account Reporting.    If you hold Ordinary Shares outside of France or maintain a foreign bank account, you are required to report such to the French tax authorities when filing your annual tax return. 
  GERMANY 
  Notifications 
  Exchange Control Notification.    Cross-border payments in excess of  12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank (  Bundesbank  ).      Effective from September 2013, the report must be filed electronically.  The form of report (  Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik  ) can be accessed via the   Bundesbank s   website (  www.bundesbank.de  ) and is available in both German and English.  You are responsible for satisfying the reporting obligation.  
  IRELAND 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  Vesting.    The following supplements Section 2 of the Agreement: 

14 

Notwithstanding the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, if any vesting date set forth in the Grant Notice (   Vesting Date   ) falls on a date when the Company determines that you are not permitted to sell Ordinary Shares in the open market for any reason, including under the Company s Policy Regarding Stock Trading by Executive Officers, Directors and Other Designated Employees (or any successor policy) or the Company s Policy Against Trading on the Basis of Inside Information (or any successor policy), then such Vesting Date shall instead be the later of the next U.S. business day of the next occurring open  window period  applicable to you or the next U.S. business day when the Company determines that you are not prohibited from selling Ordinary Shares in the open market (such later date, the    Actual Vesting Date   ). 
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing and Section 2 of the Agreement, if your Continuous Service terminates between the Vesting Date and the Actual Vesting Date, then the vesting of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Award originally scheduled to vest on the Vesting Date will cease and not vest upon termination of your Continuous Service, unless your Continuous Service terminates for a reason other than Cause, in which case they will instead vest in full on the first U.S. business day following the termination of your Continuous Service. 
    
  Data Privacy.    The following provision replaces Section 17 of the Agreement: 
    
  You acknowledge, understand and agree that, in signing or electronically accepting the Grant Notice and/or this Agreement, you consent to the Company and any Affiliate sharing and exchanging your information held in order to administer and operate the Plan (including personal details, data relating to participation, salary, taxation and employment and sensitive personal data, e.g., data relating to physical or mental health, criminal conviction or the alleged commission of offences) (the  Information ) and you further consent to the Company and any Affiliate providing the Company s or Affiliates  agents and/or third parties with the Information for the administration and operation of the Plan.  You accept that this may involve the Information being sent to a country outside the European Economic Area which may not have the same level of data protection laws as Ireland.  You acknowledge that you have the right to request a list of the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Information and to review and correct the Information by contacting the local human resources representative.  You further acknowledge that the collection, processing and transfer of the Information is important to Plan administration and that failure to consent to same may prohibit participation in the Plan. 
    
  Notifications 
    
  Director Notification Obligation.    If you are a director, shadow director or secretary of the Company or an Irish Affiliate, you must notify the Company or the Irish Affiliate in writing if you receive or dispose of an interest exceeding 1% of the Company (  e.g.,   RSUs, Ordinary Shares), or become aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement, or if you become a director or secretary if such an interest exceeding 1% of the Company exists at the time.  This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of a spouse or minor children (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary, as applicable). 
  ITALY 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Tax Withholding Obligations.   The following provisions replace Section 10 of the Agreement: 
  10.  Tax Withholding Obligations.   
  
   15 

(a)  On or before the time you receive a distribution of the Ordinary Shares subject to your Award, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize the Company or, if different, your employer (the    Employer   ) to withhold from the Ordinary Shares issuable to you an amount sufficient to satisfy any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items which arise in connection with your Award (   Tax-Related Items   ).  Additionally, the Company or the Employer may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Tax-Related Items obligation relating to your Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or your Employer; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment; or (iii) permitting or requiring you to enter into a  same day sale  commitment with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a    FINRA Dealer   ) whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the Ordinary Shares to be delivered in connection with your Award to satisfy the Tax-Related Items and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Tax-Related Items directly to the Company and/or its Affiliates.   Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the Ordinary Share equivalent.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding from Ordinary Shares otherwise issuable to you, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Ordinary Shares subject to the vested RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Ordinary Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.  Furthermore, you acknowledge that the Company and/or your Employer make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award grant, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant to such vesting and the receipt of any dividends, and do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  You further acknowledge that if you become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable event, the Company and/or your Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  (b)  Unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or the Employer are satisfied, the Company and/or the Employer shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Ordinary Shares. 
  (c)  In the event the Company s and/or the Employer s obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of Ordinary Shares or it is determined after the delivery of Ordinary Shares to you that the amount of the Company s and/or the Employer s withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company and/or the Employer, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company and/or the Employer to withhold the proper amount. 
  Data Privacy Notification.    The following provision replaces Section 17 of the Agreement: 
  You understand that the Employer, the Company and any Affiliate may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance (to the extent permitted under Italian law), passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, Ordinary Shares or directorships held in the Company or any Affiliate, details of all Awards granted, or any other entitlement to Ordinary Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor ( Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
  
   16 

You also understand that providing the Company with Data is necessary for the performance of the Plan and that your refusal to provide such Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. The Controller of personal data processing is Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, with registered offices at Fourth Floor, Connaught House, 1 Burlington Road, Dublin 4, Ireland, and, pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, its Representative in France for privacy purposes is EUSA Pharma SAS, Les Jardins d'Eole, 3 all r de S quoias, F 69760, Limonest, France, or, if you are an employee of Gentium S.r.l., is Gentium S.r.l., Piazza XX Settembre 2, 22079 Villa Guardia (Como) Italy.  You understand that Data will not be publicized, but it may be transferred to banks, other financial institutions, or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan.  You understand that Data may also be transferred to the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company.  You further understand that the Employer, the Company and/ any Affiliate will transfer Data among themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, and that the Company and any Affiliate may each further transfer Data to third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer of Data to a broker or other third party with whom you may elect to deposit any Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan.  Such recipients may receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer Data in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that these recipients may be located in the European Economic Area or elsewhere, such as the United States.  Should the Company exercise its discretion in suspending all necessary legal obligations connected with the management and administration of the Plan, it will delete Data as soon as it has completed all the necessary legal obligations connected with the management and administration of the Plan. 
  You understand that Data processing related to the purposes specified above shall take place under automated or non-automated conditions, anonymously when possible, that comply with the purposes for which Data is collected and with confidentiality and security provisions, as set forth by applicable laws and regulations, with specific reference to Legislative Decree no. 196/2003. 
  The processing activity, including communication, the transfer of Data abroad, including outside of the European Economic Area, as herein specified and pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, does not require your consent thereto, as the processing is necessary to performance of contractual obligations related to implementation, administration, and management of the Plan.  You understand that, pursuant to Section 7 of the Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, you have the right to, including but not limited to, access, delete, update, correct, or terminate, for legitimate reason, the Data processing. 
  Furthermore, you are aware that Data will not be used for direct-marketing purposes.  In addition, Data provided can be reviewed and questions or complaints can be addressed by contacting your local human resources representative. 
  Acknowledgement.    You acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement: Section 10 - Tax Withholding Obligations; Section 15 - Nature of Grant; Section 18 - Governing Law and Venue; Section 19 - Language; Section 21- Notices; Electronic Delivery; and Section 26 - Severability.  In addition, you acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the Data Privacy Notification above. 
  Notifications 
  Foreign Asset / Account Reporting.    Italian residents who, at any time during the fiscal year, hold foreign financial assets (including Ordinary Shares) which may generate income taxable in Italy are required to report these assets on their annual tax returns (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets  
  
   17 

are held, or on a special form if no tax return is due.  These reporting obligations will also apply to Italian residents who are the beneficial owners of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions.  You are responsible for complying with this reporting obligation and should speak with your personal legal advisor in this regard. 
  NETHERLANDS 
  Notifications 
  Insider Trading Notification.    You should be aware of Dutch insider trading rules, which may impact the sale of Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan.  In particular, you may be prohibited from effecting certain transactions if you have insider information regarding the Company.   
  By accepting the RSUs and participating in the Plan, you acknowledge having read and understood this Insider Trading Notification and further acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with the following Dutch insider trading rules. 
  Under Article 5:56 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, anyone who has  insider information  related to an issuing company is prohibited from effectuating a transaction in securities in or from the Netherlands.   Insider information  is defined as knowledge of details concerning the issuing company to which the securities relate that is not public and which, if published, would reasonably be expected to affect the stock price, regardless of the development of the price.  The insider could be any person in Continuous Service in the Netherlands who has insider information as described herein. 
  Given the broad scope of the definition of insider information, certain persons in Continuous Service in the Netherlands may have insider information and, thus, would be prohibited from effectuating a transaction in securities in the Netherlands at a time when in possession of such inside information.  If you are uncertain whether the insider trading rules apply to you, you should consult with your personal legal advisor. 
  POLAND 
  Notifications 
  Exchange Control Notification.    Polish residents are required to file quarterly reports to the National Bank of Poland with information on transactions and balances regarding their rights to Ordinary Shares (such as RSUs) and Ordinary Shares if the total value (calculated individually or together with other assets and liabilities possessed abroad) exceeds PLN 7 million. 
  Polish residents also are required to transfer funds through a bank account in Poland if the transferred amount in any single transaction exceeds a specified threshold (currently  15,000).  Polish residents are required to retain documents connected with foreign exchange transactions for a period of five years from the date the exchange transaction was made. 
  PORTUGAL 
  Notifications 
  Exchange Control Notification.    If you acquire Ordinary Shares under the Plan and hold the Ordinary Shares with a U.S. broker that is not a Portuguese financial intermediary, you may need to file a report with the Portuguese Central Bank.  If the Ordinary Shares are held by a Portuguese financial intermediary, it will file the report for you. 
  
   18 

SPAIN 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Nature of Grant.      This provision supplements Section 15 of the Agreement: 
  In accepting the RSUs, you consent to participate in the Plan and acknowledge having received and read a copy of the Plan. 
  You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and discretionally decided to grant the RSUs under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Employer, the Company or any Affiliate throughout the world.  The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not bind the Company or any Affiliate except as set forth in the Plan or Agreement.  Consequently, you understand that the RSUs are granted on the assumption and condition that such RSUs and any Ordinary Shares acquired upon vesting of the RSUs shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Employer or the Company or any Affiliate) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purpose (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever.  In addition, you understand that the RSUs would not be granted but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above; thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then the grant of the RSUs shall be null and void. 
  Further, the vesting of the RSUs is expressly conditioned on your Continuous Service, such that if your service or employment terminates for any reason whatsoever, the RSUs will cease to vest immediately effective on the date of termination of your service or employment.  This will be the case, for example, even if you (1) are considered to be unfairly dismissed without good cause; (2) are dismissed for disciplinary or objective reasons or due to a collective dismissal; (3) terminate service or employment due to a change of work location, duties or any other employment or contractual condition; (4) terminate service or employment due to the Company s or any Affiliate s unilateral breach of contract; or (5) are terminated from service or employment for any other reason whatsoever.  Consequently, upon your termination of service or employment for any of the above reasons, you will automatically lose any rights to the RSUs that were unvested on the date of termination.  
  Notifications 
  Securities Law Notification.    The RSUs described in the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix, do not qualify under Spanish regulations as securities.  No  offer of securities to the public,  as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory.  The Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix, have not been nor will they be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish Securities Exchange Commission), and they do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
  Exchange Control Notification.    The acquisition, ownership and sale of Ordinary Shares under the Plan must be declared for statistical purposes to the Spanish Direcci n General de Comercio e Inversiones (the    DGCI   ), the Bureau for Commerce and Investments, which is a department of the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness.  Generally, the declaration must be made each January for Ordinary Shares owned as of December 31 of the prior year; however, if the amount of Ordinary Shares acquired or sold exceeds a specific threshold or if you hold 10% or more of the share capital of the Company or such other amount that would entitle you to join the Company s board of directors, the declaration must be filed also within one month of the acquisition or sale, as applicable. 
  
   19 

Foreign Asset / Account Reporting.    Spanish residents are required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any securities accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), as well as the Ordinary Shares held in such accounts if the value of the transactions during the prior tax year or the balances in such accounts as of December 31 of the prior tax year exceed  1,000,000.  More frequent reporting is required if such transaction value or account balance exceeds  100,000,000. 
  In addition, you may be subject to certain tax reporting requirements with respect to assets or rights that you hold outside of Spain, including bank accounts, securities and real estate if the aggregate value for particular category of assets exceeds  50,000 as of December 31 each year.  Ordinary Shares acquired under the Plan or other equity programs offered by the Company constitute securities for purposes of this requirement, but unvested awards (  e.g  ., RSUs, etc.) are not considered assets or rights for purposes of this reporting requirement.  If applicable, you must report the assets on Form 720 by no later than March 31 following the end of the relevant year.  After the rights and/or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply only if the value of previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than  20,000 as of each subsequent December 31 or if you sell or otherwise dispose of previously-reported rights or assets. You should consult with your personal advisor to determine your obligations in this respect. 
  SWITZERLAND 
  Notifications 
  Securities Law Notification.    The grant of the RSUs and the issuance of any Ordinary Shares is not intended to be a public offering in Switzerland.  Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the RSUs constitute a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to article 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations, and neither this document nor any other materials relating to the RSUs may be publicly distributed nor otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.  Finally, neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the RSUs have been or will be filed with, or approved or supervised by, any Swiss regulatory authority (in particular, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA)). 
  UNITED KINGDOM 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Tax Withholding Obligations.    This provision supplements Section 10 of the Agreement: 
    
  If payment or withholding of the income tax due is not made within 90 days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which the event giving rise to the liability or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the    Due Date   ), the amount of any uncollected tax will constitute a loan owed by you to the Employer, effective on the Due Date.  You agree that the loan will bear interest at the then-current Her Majesty s Revenue and Custom (   HMRC   ) Official Rate, it will be immediately due and repayable, and the Company or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 10 of the Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), you will not be eligible for such a loan to cover the tax liability.  In the event that you are a director or executive officer and the income tax due is not collected from or paid by you by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions (   NICs   ) may be payable.  You will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing your Employer for the value of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit, which the  
  
   20 

Company or the Employer may recover from you at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 10 of the Agreement. 
  Joint Election for Transfer of Liability for Employer National Insurance Contributions.    As a condition of participation in the Plan and the vesting of the RSUs, you agree to accept any liability for secondary Class 1 NICs that may be payable by the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate in connection with the RSUs and any event giving rise to Tax-Related Items (the    Employer NICs   ).  Without prejudice to the foregoing, you agree to execute a joint election with the Company, the form of such joint election (the  Joint Election ) having been approved formally by HMRC, and any other required consent or election prior to vesting of the RSUs.  You further agree to execute such other joint elections as may be required between you and any successor to the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate.  You further agree that the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate may collect the Employer NICs from you by any of the means set forth in Section 10 of the Agreement. 
  If you do not enter into a Joint Election prior to the vesting of the RSUs, you will not be entitled to vest in the RSUs without any liability to the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate. 
  Settlement in Ordinary Shares.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or the Agreement to the contrary, the Award may only be settled by the delivery of Ordinary Shares. 
  
   21 

Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
    
  Election To Transfer the Employer s Secondary Class 1  
  National Insurance Liability to the Employee 
    
  This Election is between: 
    
           A. 
    The individual who has received this Election (the    Employee   ), who is employed by one of the employing companies listed in the attached schedule (the    Employer   ) and who is eligible to receive stock options and/or restricted stock units (together, the    Awards   ) pursuant to the Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ), and 
       
           B. 
    Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Fourth Floor, Connaught House, 1 Burlington Road, Dublin 4, Ireland (the    Company   ), which may grant Awards under the Plan and is entering into this Election on behalf of the Employer.  
       
           1. 
    Introduction 
       
           1.1 
    This Election relates to all Awards granted to the Employee under the Plan on or after January 18, 2012 up to the termination date of the Plan. 
       
           1.2 
    In this Election the following words and phrases have the following meanings: 
       
           (a) 
       Chargeable Event    means, in relation to the Awards: 
       
           (i) 
    the acquisition of securities pursuant to the Awards (within section 477(3)(a) of ITEPA);  
       
           (ii) 
    the assignment (if applicable) or release of the Awards in return for consideration (within section 477(3)(b) of ITEPA);  
       
           (iii) 
    the receipt of a benefit in connection with the Awards, other than a benefit within (i) or (ii) above (within section 477(3)(c) of ITEPA);  
       
           (iv) 
    post-acquisition charges relating to the Awards and/or ordinary shares of the Company acquired pursuant to the Awards (within section 427 of ITEPA); and/or 
       
           (v) 
    post-acquisition charges relating to the Awards and/or ordinary shares of the Company acquired pursuant to the Awards (within section 439 of ITEPA). 

22 

(b) 
       ITEPA    means the Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003. 
       
           (c) 
       SSCBA    means the Social Security Contributions and Benefits Act 1992. 
       
           1.3 
    This Election relates to the Employer s secondary Class 1 National Insurance Contributions (the    Employer s Liability   ) which may arise on the occurrence of a Chargeable Event in respect of the Awards pursuant to section 4(4)(a) and/or paragraph 3B(1A) of Schedule 1 of the SSCBA. 
       
           1.4 
    This Election does not apply in relation to any liability, or any part of any liability, arising as a result of regulations being given retrospective effect by virtue of section 4B(2) of either the SSCBA, or the Social Security Contributions and Benefits (Northern Ireland) Act 1992. 
       
           1.5 
    This Election does not apply to the extent that it relates to relevant employment income which is employment income of the earner by virtue of Chapter 3A of Part VII of ITEPA (employment income: securities with artificially depressed market value). 
       
           2. 
    The Election 
       
  The Employee and the Company jointly elect that the entire liability of the Employer to pay the Employer s Liability on the Chargeable Event is hereby transferred to the Employee.  The Employee understands that, by signing the award grant notice, he or she will become personally liable for the Employer s Liability covered by this Election.  This Election is made in accordance with paragraph 3B(1) of Schedule 1 of the SSCBA. 
    
           3. 
    Payment of the Employer s Liability 
       
           3.1 
    The Employee hereby authorises the Company and/or the Employer to collect the Employer s Liability from the Employee at any time after the Chargeable Event: 
       
           (i) 
    by deduction from salary or any other payment payable to the Employee at any time on or after the date of the Chargeable Event; and/or  
       
           (ii) 
    directly from the Employee by payment in cash or cleared funds; and/or 
       
           (iii) 
    by arranging, on behalf of the Employee, for the sale of some of the securities which the Employee is entitled to receive in respect of the Awards, the proceeds from which must be delivered to the Employer in sufficient time for payment to be made to Her Majesty s Revenue   Customs (   HMRC   ) by the due date; and/or 
       
           (iv) 
    where the proceeds of the gain are to be made through a third party, the Employee will authorize that party to withhold an amount from the payment or to sell some of the securities which the Employee is entitled to receive in respect of the Award, such amount to be paid in sufficient  
     
   23 

time to enable the Company and/or the Employer to make payment to HMRC by the due date; and/or  
    
           (v) 
    by any other means specified in the applicable Award agreement entered into between the Employee and the Company. 
       
           3.2 
    The Company hereby reserves for itself and the Employer the right to withhold the transfer of any securities to the Employee in respect of the Awards until full payment of the Employer s Liability is received.  
       
           3.3 
    The Company agrees to procure the remittance by the Employer of the Employer s Liability to HMRC on behalf of the Employee within 14 days after the end of the UK tax month during which the Chargeable Event occurs (or within 17 days after the end of the UK tax month during which the Chargeable Event occurs if payments are made electronically). 
       
           4. 
    Duration of Election 
       
           4.1 
    The Employee and the Company agree to be bound by the terms of this Election regardless of whether the Employee is transferred abroad or is not employed by the Employer on the date on which the Employer s Liability becomes due. 
       
           4.2 
    Any reference to the Company and/or the Employer shall include that entity s successors in title and assigns as permitted in accordance with the terms of the Plan and relevant award agreement.  This Election will continue in effect in respect of any awards which replace the Awards in circumstances where section 483 of ITEPA applies. 
       
           4.3 
    This Election will continue in effect until the earliest of the following:  
       
           (i)  
    the date on which the Employee and the Company agree in writing that it should cease to have effect;  
       
           (ii)  
    the date on which the Company serves written notice on the Employee terminating its effect;  
       
           (iii)  
    the date on which HMRC withdraws approval of this Election; or  
       
           (iv)  
    the date on which, after due payment of the Employer s Liability in respect of the entirety of the Awards to which this Election relates or could relate, the Election ceases to have effect in accordance with its own terms. 

24 

SCHEDULE OF EMPLOYER COMPANIES 
    
  The following are employer companies to which this Election may apply: 
    
  For each company, provide the following details: 
    
  EUSA Pharma (Europe) Limited 

25 

Attachment II 
  Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc  
  2011 Equity Incentive Plan  

26 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 jazzq32016ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A)

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION  
  I, Bruce C. Cozadd, certify that:  

1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Jazz Pharmaceuticals public limited company; 
       
           2. 
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 8, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/    Bruce C. Cozadd 

Bruce C. Cozadd 
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 jazzq32016ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A)

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION  
  I, Matthew P. Young, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Jazz Pharmaceuticals public limited company; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:  November 8, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/    Matthew P. Young 

Matthew P. Young 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 jazzq32016ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION   (1)   
  Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), Bruce C. Cozadd, Chief Executive Officer of Jazz Pharmaceuticals public limited company (the  Company ), and Matthew P. Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:  
    
           1. 
    The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date:  November 8, 2016    
    
               /s/    Bruce C. Cozadd 
      Bruce C. Cozadd 
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
        
      /s/    Matthew P. Young 
      Matthew P. Young 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

______________________________________ 
           (1) 
    This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Jazz Pharmaceuticals public limited company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Jazz Pharmaceuticals public limited company and will be retained by Jazz Pharmaceuticals public limited company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 jazz-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 jazz-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 jazz-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 jazz-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 jazz-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 jazz-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

