<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1324948_0001144204-16-131385_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3914468</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83999</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>202182</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1066839</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1734039</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>705520</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>76</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131385.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103160749
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131385
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RBC Bearings INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001324948
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BALL & ROLLER BEARINGS [3562]
		IRS NUMBER:				954372080
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51486
		FILM NUMBER:		161971632

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE TRIBOLOGY CENTER
		CITY:			OXFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06478
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 267 7001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE TRIBOLOGY CENTER
		CITY:			OXFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06478

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131385.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 v451152_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

FORM
10-Q  

RBC
Bearings Incorporated  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
        (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      95-4372080  
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

One Tribology Center  
     Oxford, CT   
     (Address of principal executive offices)  
      
     06478   
     (Zip Code)   

(203) 267-7001 
(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

 Large accelerated filer   
                 Accelerated filer     

 Non-accelerated filer  o
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

As of October 20, 2016, RBC Bearings Incorporated
had 23,754,826 shares of Common Stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I -  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      3   

ITEM 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   
 
      ITEM 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      16   
 
      ITEM 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      30   
 
      ITEM 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      31   

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
      31   

Part II -  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      31   

ITEM 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
     31  
 
      ITEM 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
     31  
 
      ITEM 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     31  
 
      ITEM 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     32  
 
      ITEM 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     32  
 
      ITEM 5.  
       Other Information   
     32  
 
      ITEM 6.  
       Exhibits   
     33  

Part I. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item
1.       Financial Statements  

RBC Bearings Incorporated  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (dollars in thousands, except share
and per share data)  

See accompanying notes. 

RBC Bearings Incorporated  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

  (dollars in thousands, except share
and per share data)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes. 

RBC Bearings Incorporated  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income  

  (dollars in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes. 

RBC Bearings Incorporated  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (dollars in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes. 

RBC Bearings Incorporated  

  Notes to Unaudited Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements  

  (dollars in thousands, except share
and per share data)  

The consolidated financial
statements included herein have been prepared by RBC Bearings Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries,
the  Company ), without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
April 2, 2016 fiscal year end balance sheet data have been derived from the Company s audited financial statements, but
do not include all disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The interim financial
statements included with this report have been prepared on a consistent basis with the Company s audited financial statements
and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2016. 

These statements reflect
all adjustments, accruals and estimates consisting only of items of a normal recurring nature, which are, in the opinion of management,
necessary for the fair presentation of the consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations for the interim
periods presented. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements
and notes thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The results of operations
for the three month period ended October 1, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the entire fiscal
year ending April 1, 2017. The three month periods ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015 each include 13 weeks. The amounts
shown are in thousands, unless otherwise indicated. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Revenue
Recognition.     In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 101  Revenue
Recognition in Financial Statements as amended by Staff Accounting Bulletin 104,  we recognize revenues principally
from the sale of products at the point of passage of title, which is at the time of shipment, except for certain customers for
which it occurs when the products reach their destination.   

We also recognize
revenue on a Ship-In-Place basis for two customers who have required that we hold the product after final production is complete.  In
this case, a written agreement has been executed (at the customer s request) whereby the customer accepts the risk of loss
for product that is invoiced under the Ship-In-Place arrangement.  For each transaction for which revenue is recognized
under a Ship-In-Place arrangement, all final manufacturing inspections have been completed and customer acceptance has been obtained.
In the three months ended October 1, 2016, 2.3% of the Company s total net sales was recognized under Ship-In-Place transactions. 

Adoption of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In March 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards update ( ASU ) No. 2016-09,  Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  which amends ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. This ASU includes
provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial
statements. This ASU is effective for public companies for the financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted as of the beginning of an
interim or annual reporting period, with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company
has not determined the effect that the adoption of the pronouncement may have on its financial position and/or results of operations. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , which amends the principal-versus-agent implementation guidance in ASU No. 2014-09
(Topic 606), Revenue from Contracts with Customers, issued by the FASB in May 2014. ASU No. 2016-08 clarifies the principal-versus-agent
guidance in Topic 606 and requires an entity to determine whether the nature of its promise to provide goods or services to a
customer is performed in a principal or agent capacity and to recognize revenue in a gross or net manner based on its principal/agent
designation. ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition
guidance under U.S. GAAP. This update requires the Company to recognize revenue at amounts that reflect the consideration to which
the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services at the time of transfer. In doing so, the Company will
need to use more judgement and make more estimates than under today s guidance, such estimates include identifying performance
obligations in the contracts, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating
the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. The Company can either apply a full retrospective adoption or a
modified retrospective adoption. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim
periods therein. The Company has not determined the effect that the adoption of the pronouncement may have on its financial position
and/or results of operations. 

In February 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02:  Leases.  The core principal of ASU 2016-02 is that an entity should recognize on
its balance sheet assets and liabilities arising from a lease. In accordance with that principle, ASU 2016-02 requires that a
lessee recognize a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use
the underlying leased asset for the lease term. The recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising
from a lease by a lessee will depend on the lease classification as a finance or operating lease. This new accounting guidance
is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 under a modified retrospective approach and
early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this adoption will have on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In November 2015,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, (Topic 740):  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . The FASB issued this
ASU as part of its simplification initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. This ASU eliminates the current requirement
that requires an organization to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance
sheet. Instead, organizations with a classified balance sheet are now required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities
as noncurrent assets or noncurrent liabilities. This ASU is effective for public companies for the financial statements issued
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted
as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company elected to early adopt this guidance prospectively during
the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016. 

In September 2015,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16,  Business Combinations (Topic 805), Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. 
This ASU allows an acquirer in a business combination to account for measurement-period adjustments during the period in which
it determines the amount of the adjustment. An acquirer would also need to capture in the current period any effect on earnings
it would have recorded in previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. This pronouncement is
effective for fiscal and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this
update effective with their interim period beginning June 28, 2015. 

In July 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.  This update requires the company to measure
inventory using the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling price in
the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This ASU applies
to companies measuring inventory using methods other than the last-in, first-out (LIFO) and retail inventory methods, including
but not limited to the first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average costing methods. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years
and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04,  Compensation - Retirement Benefits: Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer s
Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets.  This ASU permits an entity with a fiscal year-end that does not coincide with
a month-end, to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month end that is closest to the entity s
fiscal year-end and apply that consistently from year to year. The practical expedient requires if a contribution or significant
event occurs between the month-end date used to measure the defined benefit plan assets and an entity s fiscal year end,
the entity should adjust the measurement of the defined benefit plan assets and obligations to reflect the effects of those contributions
and other significant events. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015.
The Company has elected to adopt this guidance for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2016. The respective assets and liabilities
associated with the defined benefit plans have been valued as of March 31, 2016, with no material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. 
This ASU requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal and interim periods beginning
after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is allowed. The Company adopted this pronouncement in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.
Other than a different presentation within the balance sheet, the adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

In January 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01,  Income Statement-Extraordinary and Unusual Items.  This update eliminates the concept
of extraordinary items and removes the requirements to separately present extraordinary events. This ASU also requires additional
disclosures for items that are both unusual in nature and infrequent in occurrence. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal
years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern.  This update requires management
to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as
a going concern, and requires related footnote disclosures. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

1. Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income (Loss)  

The components of
comprehensive income (loss) that relate to the Company are net income, foreign currency translation adjustments and pension plan
and postretirement benefits, all of which are presented in the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity and comprehensive
income (loss). 

The following summarizes
the activity within each component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): 

2. Net Income Per Common Share  

Basic net income per
common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding. 

Diluted net income
per common share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive common
share equivalents then outstanding using the treasury stock method. Common share equivalents consist of the incremental common
shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options. 

The table below reflects
the calculation of weighted-average shares outstanding for each period presented as well as the computation of basic and diluted
net income per common share: 

At October 1, 2016,
400,750 employee stock options have been excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. At September 26, 2015, 408,000
employee stock options and 73,850 restricted shares have been excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. The
inclusion of these employee stock options and unvested restricted shares would be anti-dilutive. 

3. Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers
all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Short-term investments,
if any, are comprised of equity securities and are measured at fair value by using quoted prices in active markets and are classified
as Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. 

4. Inventory  

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market, using the first-in, first-out method, and are summarized below: 

5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

Goodwill   

Intangible Assets   

Amortization expense
for definite-lived intangible assets for the six month periods ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015 was $4,590 and $4,170,
respectively. Estimated amortization expense for the remaining six months of fiscal 2017, the five succeeding fiscal years and
thereafter is as follows: 

6.  Debt  

The balances payable
under all borrowing facilities are as follows: 

The Credit Facility  

In connection with
the Sargent Aerospace   Defense ( Sargent ) acquisition on April 24, 2015, the Company entered into the credit
agreement and related Guarantee, Pledge Agreement and Security Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative
Agent, Collateral Agent, Swingline Lender and Letter of Credit Issuer and the other lenders party thereto and terminated the JP
Morgan Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement provides RBCA, as Borrower, with (a) a $200,000 Term Loan and (b) a $350,000 Revolver
and together with the Term Loan ( the  Facilities ). 

Amounts outstanding
under the Facilities generally bear interest at (a) a base rate determined by reference to the higher of (1) Wells Fargo s
prime lending rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1% and (3) the one-month LIBOR rate plus 1% or (b) LIBOR
rate plus a specified margin, depending on the type of borrowing being made. The applicable margin is based on the Company's consolidated
ratio of total net debt to consolidated EBITDA from time to time. Currently, the Company's margin is 0.5% for base rate loans
and 1.5% for LIBOR rate loans. As of October 1, 2016, there was $140,000 outstanding under the Revolver and $187,500 outstanding
under the Term Loan, offset by $5,104 in debt issuance costs (original amount was $7,122). 

The Credit Agreement
requires the Company to comply with various covenants, including among other things, financial covenants to maintain the following:
(1) a ratio of consolidated net debt to adjusted EBITDA, not to exceed 3.50 to 1; and (2) a consolidated interest coverage ratio
not to exceed 2.75 to 1. The Credit Agreement allows the Company to, among other things, make distributions to shareholders, repurchase
its stock, incur other debt or liens, or acquire or dispose of assets provided that the Company complies with certain requirements
and limitations of the agreement. As of October 1 2016, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. 

The Company s
obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured as well as providing for a pledge of substantially all of the Company s
and RBCA s assets. The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have also entered into a Guarantee to guarantee RBCA s
obligations under the Credit Agreement. 

Approximately $3,690
of the Revolver is being utilized to provide letters of credit to secure RBCA s obligations relating to certain insurance
programs. As of October 1, 2016, RBCA has the ability to borrow up to an additional $206,310 under the Revolver. 

Other Notes Payable  

On October 1, 2012,
Schaublin purchased the land and building, which it occupied and had been leasing, for 14,067 CHF (approximately $14,910). Schaublin
obtained a 20 year fixed rate mortgage of 9,300 CHF (approximately $9,857) at an interest rate of 2.9%. The balance of the purchase
price of 4,767 CHF (approximately $5,053) was paid from cash on hand. The balance on this mortgage as of October 1, 2016 was 7,440
CHF, or $7,663. 

7. Income Taxes   

The Company files
income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various states and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company
is no longer subject to state or foreign income tax examinations by tax authorities for years ending before April 2, 2005. The
Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax examination by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal years
ending before March 29, 2014. A U.S. federal corporate income tax examination by the Internal Revenue Service for the fiscal year
ended March 30, 2013 was deemed effectively settled in the Company s first quarter of fiscal 2016. 

The effective income
tax rates for the three month periods ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015, were 32.9% and 33.8%. In addition to discrete
items, the effective income tax rates for these periods are different from the U.S. statutory rates due to a special U.S. manufacturing
deduction, the U.S. credit for increasing research activities, and foreign income taxed at lower rates which decrease the rate,
and state income taxes which increases the rate. 

The effective income
tax rate for the three month period ended October 1, 2016 of 32.9% includes immaterial discrete items of $33. The effective income
tax rate without discrete items for the three month period ended October 1, 2016 would have been 32.7%. The effective income tax
rate for the three month period ended September 26, 2015 of 33.8% includes immaterial discrete items of $51. The effective income
tax rate without discrete items for the three month period ended September 26, 2015 would have been 33.5%. The Company believes
it is reasonably possible that some of its unrecognized tax positions may be effectively settled within the next twelve months
due to the closing of audits and the statute of limitations expiring in varying jurisdictions. The decrease, pertaining primarily
to credits and state tax, is estimated to be approximately $942. 

8.  Reportable Segments  

The Company operates
through operating segments for which separate financial information is available, and for which operating results are evaluated
regularly by the Company's chief operating decision maker in determining resource allocation and assessing performance. Those
operating segments with similar economic characteristics and that meet all other required criteria, including nature of the products
and production processes, distribution patterns and classes of customers, are aggregated as reportable segments. 

The Company has four
reportable business segments; Plain Bearings, Roller Bearings, Ball Bearings and Engineered Products, which are described below. 

Plain Bearings.
  Plain bearings are produced with either self-lubricating or metal-to-metal designs and consists of several sub-classes,
including rod end bearings, spherical plain bearings and journal bearings. Unlike ball bearings, which are used in high-speed
rotational applications, plain bearings are primarily used to rectify inevitable misalignments in various mechanical components.
The bearings and rings businesses of Sargent are included here. 

Roller Bearings.
  Roller bearings are anti-friction bearings that use rollers instead of balls. The Company manufactures four basic types
of roller bearings: heavy duty needle roller bearings with inner rings, tapered roller bearings, track rollers and aircraft roller
bearings. 

Ball Bearings.
  The Company manufactures four basic types of ball bearings: high precision aerospace, airframe control, thin section and
commercial ball bearings which are used in high-speed rotational applications. 

Engineered Products.
  Engineered Products consists of highly engineered hydraulics, fasteners, collets and precision components used in aerospace,
marine and industrial applications. The hydraulics, fasteners and precision components businesses of Sargent are included here. 

Segment performance
is evaluated based on segment net sales and operating income. Items not allocated to segment operating income include corporate
administrative expenses and certain other amounts. 

All intersegment sales
are eliminated in consolidation. 

9. Acquisitions  

On April 24, 2015,
the Company acquired Sargent from Dover Corporation for $500,000 financed through a combination of cash on hand and senior debt.
With headquarters in Tucson, Arizona, Sargent is a leader in precision-engineered products, solutions and repairs for aircraft
airframes and engines, rotorcraft, submarines and land vehicles. Sargent manufactures, sells and services hydraulic valves and
actuators, specialty bearings, specialty fasteners, seal rings   alignment joints and engineered components under leading
brands including Kahr Bearing, Airtomic, Sonic Industries, Sargent Controls and Sargent Aerospace   Defense. The Company acquired
Sargent because management believes it provides complementary products and channels, and expands and enhances the Company s
product portfolio and engineering technologies. The bearings and rings businesses are included in the Plain Bearings segment.
The hydraulics, fasteners and precision components businesses are included in the Engineered Products segment. 

The acquisition of
Sargent was accounted for as a purchase in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 805,
 Business Combinations . Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition
date. The fair values of identifiable intangible assets, which were primarily customer relationships, product approvals, trade
names, and patents and trademarks, were based on valuations using the income approach. The excess of the purchase price over the
estimated fair values of tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities was recorded as goodwill. The
goodwill is attributable to expected synergies and expected growth opportunities. The purchase price allocation resulted in goodwill
of $224,715. The Company estimates a majority of goodwill will be deductible for United States income tax purposes. 

The purchase price allocation for Sargent
was as follows: 

The valuation of the
net assets acquired of $500,000 was classified as Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy. Level 3 inputs represent unobservable inputs
for the asset or liability. 

The components of intangible assets included
as part of the Sargent acquisition was as follows: 

Included in the Company s
results of operations for the three and six months ended October 1, 2016 are revenues related to the Sargent acquisition of $47,748
and $93,284, respectively. Also, included for the three and six months ended October 1, 2016 is net income of $5,251 and $8,583,
respectively. Included in the Company s results of operations for the three and six months ended September 26, 2015 are
revenues related to the Sargent acquisition of $45,507 and $79,509, respectively. Also, included for the three and six months
ended September 26, 2015 is net income of $1,407 and $5,232, respectively. There were no acquisition-related expenses for both
the three and six months ended October 1, 2016. Acquisition-related expenses were recorded in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations for both the three and six months ended September 26, 2015 of $1,283 and $6,071, respectively. 

The following supplemental
pro forma financial information presents the financial results for the six months ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015,
as if the acquisition of Sargent had occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2015. The pro forma financial information includes,
where applicable, adjustments for: (i) the estimated amortization of acquired intangible assets, (ii) estimated additional interest
expense on acquisition related borrowings, (iii) the income tax effect on the pro forma adjustments using an estimated effective
tax rate. The pro forma financial information excludes, where applicable, adjustments for: (i) the estimated impact of inventory
purchase accounting adjustments and (ii) the estimated closing costs on the acquisition. The pro forma financial information is
presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have been achieved
had the acquisition been completed as of the date indicated or the results that may be obtained in the future: 

ITEM 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Statement As To Forward-Looking
Information   

The information in
this discussion contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which are subject to the  safe harbor  created by those sections.
All statements other than statements of historical facts, included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q regarding our strategy,
future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management
are  forward-looking statements  as the term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

The words  anticipates, 
 believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans, 
 projects,   will,   would  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans,
intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking
statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking
statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: (a) the bearing and engineered
products industries are highly competitive, and this competition could reduce our profitability or limit our ability to grow;
(b) the loss of a major customer could result in a material reduction in our revenues and profitability; (c) weakness in any of
the industries in which our customers operate, as well as the cyclical nature of our customers  businesses generally, could
materially reduce our revenues and profitability; (d) future reductions or changes in U.S. government spending could negatively
affect our business; (e) fluctuating or interruption to supply, and availability of raw materials, components and energy resources
could materially increase our costs or reduce our revenues, cash flow from operations and profitability; (f) our products are
subject to certain approvals, and the loss of such approvals could materially reduce our revenues and profitability; (g) restrictions
in our indebtedness agreements could limit our growth and our ability to respond to changing conditions; (h) work stoppages and
other labor problems could materially reduce our ability to operate our business; (i) our business is capital intensive and may
consume cash in excess of cash flow from our operations; (j) unexpected equipment failures, catastrophic events or capacity constraints
may increase our costs and reduce our sales due to production curtailments or shutdowns; (k) we may not be able to continue to
make the acquisitions necessary for us to realize our growth strategy; (l) the costs and difficulties of integrating acquired
businesses could impede our future growth; (m) we depend heavily on our senior management and other key personnel, the loss of
whom could materially affect our financial performance and prospects; (n) our international operations are subject to risks inherent
in such activities; (o) currency translation risks may have a material impact on our results of operations; (p) we may be required
to make significant future contributions to our pension plan; (q) we may incur material losses for product liability and recall
related claims; (r) environmental regulations impose substantial costs and limitations on our operations, and environmental compliance
may be more costly than we expect; (s) our intellectual property and other proprietary rights are valuable, and any inability
to protect them could adversely affect our business and results of operations; in addition, we may be subject to infringement
claims by third parties; (t) cancellation of orders in our backlog of orders could negatively impact our revenues; (u) if we fail
to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent
fraud; (v) provisions in our charter documents may prevent or hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us; (w) health
care reform could adversely affect our operating results; (x) we may not pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future; (y) retirement
of commercial aircraft could reduce our revenues, and (z) we may not achieve satisfactory operating results in the integration
of acquired companies. Additional information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties is contained in our periodic filings
with the SEC, including, without limitation, the risks identified under the heading  Risk Factors  set forth in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 2, 2016. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact
of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. We do not intend, and undertake
no obligation, to update or alter any forward-looking statement. The following section is qualified in its entirety by the more
detailed information, including our financial statements and the notes thereto, which appears elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

Overview  

We are a well-known
international manufacturer and maker of highly engineered precision bearings and components. Our precision solutions are integral
to the manufacture and operation of most machines and mechanical systems, reduce wear to moving parts, facilitate proper power
transmission and reduce damage and energy loss caused by friction. While we manufacture products in all major bearings categories,
we focus primarily on the higher end of the bearing and engineered component markets where we believe our value added manufacturing
and engineering capabilities enable us to differentiate ourselves from our competitors and enhance profitability. We believe our
unique expertise has enabled us to garner leading positions in many of the product markets in which we primarily compete. With
38 facilities, of which 34 are manufacturing facilities in six countries, we have been able to significantly broaden our end markets,
products, customer base and geographic reach. We currently operate under four reportable business segments: Plain Bearings; Roller
Bearings; Ball Bearings; and Engineered Products. The following further describes these reportable segments: 

Plain Bearings.
  Plain bearings are produced with either self-lubricating or metal-to-metal designs and consists of several sub-classes,
including rod end bearings, spherical plain bearings and journal bearings. Unlike ball bearings, which are used in high-speed
rotational applications, plain bearings are primarily used to rectify inevitable misalignments in various mechanical components. 

Roller Bearings.
  Roller bearings are anti-friction bearings that use rollers instead of balls. We manufacture four basic types of roller
bearings: heavy duty needle roller bearings with inner rings, tapered roller bearings, track rollers and aircraft roller bearings. 

Ball Bearings  .
We manufacture four basic types of ball bearings: high precision aerospace, airframe control, thin section and commercial ball
bearings which are used in high-speed rotational applications. 

Engineered Products.
   Engineered Products consists of highly engineered hydraulics, fasteners, collets and precision components used in aerospace,
marine and industrial applications. 

Purchasers of bearings
and engineered products include industrial equipment and machinery manufacturers, producers of commercial and military aerospace
equipment such as missiles and radar systems, agricultural machinery manufacturers, construction, energy, mining, marine and specialized
equipment manufacturers, marine products, automotive and commercial truck manufacturers. The markets for our products are cyclical,
and we have endeavored to mitigate this cyclicality by entering into sole-source relationships and long-term purchase agreements,
through diversification across multiple market segments within the aerospace and defense and diversified industrial segments,
by increasing sales to the aftermarket and by focusing on developing highly customized solutions. 

Currently, our strategy is built around
maintaining our role as a leading manufacturer of precision engineered bearings and components through the following efforts: 

Developing
                                         innovative solutions .   By leveraging our design and manufacturing expertise and
                                         our extensive customer relationships, we continue to develop new products for markets
                                         in which there are substantial growth opportunities.   

Expanding
                                         customer base and penetrating end markets .  We continually seek opportunities
                                         to access new customers, geographic locations and bearing platforms with existing products
                                         or profitable new product opportunities.   

Increasing
                                         aftermarket sales.   We believe that increasing our aftermarket sales of replacement
                                         parts will further enhance the continuity and predictability of our revenues and enhance
                                         our profitability. Such sales included sales to third party distributors and sales to
                                         OEMs for replacement products and aftermarket services. We will increase the percentage
                                         of our revenues derived from the replacement market by continuing to implement several
                                         initiatives.   

Pursuing
                                         selective acquisitions.   The acquisition of businesses that complement or expand
                                         our operations has been and continues to be an important element of our business strategy.
                                         We believe that there will continue to be consolidation within the industry that may
                                         present us with acquisition opportunities.   

Outlook  

Our net sales for
the three month period ended October 1, 2016 increased 3.5% compared to the same period last fiscal year. Our aerospace markets
increased 3.2% and the industrial markets increased 4.2%. Our backlog, as of October 1, 2016, was $341.8 million compared to $347.8
million as of September 26, 2015. 

Management believes
that operating cash flows and available credit under the credit facilities will provide adequate resources to fund internal and
external growth initiatives for the foreseeable future. As of October 1, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $37.5 million
of which approximately $31.4 million was cash held by our foreign operations. We expect that our undistributed foreign earnings
will be re-invested indefinitely for working capital, internal growth and acquisitions for and by our foreign entities. 

Results of Operations  

  (dollars in millions)  

Our net sales for
the three month period ended October 1, 2016 increased 3.5% compared to the same period last fiscal year. The increase in net
sales was a result of an 3.2% increase in our aerospace markets and a 4.2% increase in the industrial markets. The increase in
aerospace sales was mainly due to the commercial aerospace OEM which was partly offset by lower defense and distribution activity.
The increase in industrial sales was mostly driven by marine, mining, and semicon activity, partly offset by energy and light
construction. 

Net income for the
second quarter of fiscal 2017 was $18.2 million compared to $14.5 million for the same period last year. Excluding the after tax
impact of $0.2 of costs related to restructuring and discrete tax expense, net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 would
have been $18.4 million. Excluding the after tax impact of $0.7 million in costs associated with the Sargent acquisition, $2.8
million in inventory purchase accounting associated with the Sargent acquisition, $0.1 million of costs associated with integration
and restructuring, $0.1 million of discrete tax expense offset by $0.4 million of favorable foreign exchange translation, net
income for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 would have been $17.8 million. 

Net sales increased
$17.5 million or 6.0% for the six month period ended October 1, 2016 over the same period last year. The increase in net sales
was mainly the result of a 7.3% increase in aerospace sales and a 3.6% increase in industrial. The increase in aerospace sales
was mostly attributable to an increase in commercial aerospace OEM offset by a decrease in aerospace distribution and defense.
The increase in industrial sales was mostly attributable to an increase in marine, mining, and semicon activity partly offset
by energy and light construction activity 

Net income for
the six months ended October 1, 2016 was $36.3 million compared to $27.9 million for the same period last year. Excluding the
after tax impact of $0.3 million in costs associated with the acquisition and $0.1 million in cost related to
restructuring offset by $0.2 million of discrete tax benefit, net income would have been $36.5 million. Excluding the after
tax impact of $3.5 million in costs associated with the acquisition, $4.4 million in inventory purchase accounting associated
with the Sargent acquisition, $0.7 million of costs associated with integration and restructuring, and offset by $0.2 million
of favorable foreign exchange translation, net income would have been $36.3 million for the six month period ended September
26, 2015. 

Gross Margin   

Gross margin increased
$4.6 million, or 8.9%, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. This was mainly driven
by higher sales during the current period. 

Gross margin increased
$9.1 million or 8.7% for the first six months of fiscal 2017 compared to the same period last year. Excluding the unfavorable
impact of $0.4 million and $6.6 million of inventory purchase accounting associated with the Sargent acquisition, gross margin
would have been $114.4 million and $111.5 million for the six month period ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015, an increase
of 2.6%. 

Selling, General and Administrative   

SG A expenses
increased by $0.3 million to $25.2 million for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the same period last year.
This increase was mainly driven by $0.7 million of additional stock compensation expense partly offset by $0.4 million of personnel
related expenses. As a percentage of sales, SG A was 16.4% for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to 16.8% for the
same period last year. 

SG A decreased
as a percentage of net sales to 16.5% for the first six months of fiscal 2017 from 16.7% for the same period last year. SG A
expenses increased by $2.4 million to $51.0 million for the first six months of fiscal 2017 compared to the same period
last year. This increase is primarily due to $1.3 million of additional stock compensation and $1.1 million of additional personnel
related expenses. 

Other, Net   

Other operating expenses
for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 totaled $2.0 million compared to $3.6 million for the same period last year. For the second
quarter of fiscal 2017 other operating expenses were comprised mainly of $2.4 million of amortization of intangible assets offset
by $0.4 million of other income. Other operating expenses last year consisted primarily of $2.4 million in amortization of intangibles,
$1.1 million of acquisition related costs, $0.2 million in integration and restructuring costs offset by $0.1 million of other
income. 

Other operating expenses
for the first six months of fiscal 2017 totaled $4.2 million compared to $10.3 million for the same period last year. For the
first six months of fiscal 2017 other operating expenses were comprised mainly of $4.6 million in amortization of intangibles
offset by $0.4 million of other income. For the first six months of fiscal 2016 other operating expenses were comprised primarily
of $4.2 million in amortization of intangibles, $5.1 million of acquisition related costs, $1.0 million of integrations and restructuring
costs. 

Interest Expense,
Net   

Interest expense,
net, generally consists of interest charged on our credit facilities and amortization of deferred financing fees, offset by interest
income (see  Liquidity and Capital Resources   Liquidity , below). Interest expense, net was $2.3 million for
the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to $2.3 million for the same period last year. The Company had total debt of $330.1
million at October 1, 2016 compared to $402.3 million at September 26, 2015. 

Interest expense,
net, generally consists of interest charged on our credit facilities and amortization of deferred financing fees, offset by interest
income (see  Liquidity and Capital Resources   Liquidity , below). Interest expense, net was $4.5 million for
the first six months of fiscal 2017 compared to $4.0 million for the same period last year. For the first six months of fiscal
2017 interest expense, net consisted of interest expense of $3.8 million and deferred debt fees of $0.7 million. 

Income Taxes   

Income tax expense
for the three month period ended October 1, 2016 was $8.9 million compared to $7.4 million for the three month period ended September
26, 2015. Our effective income tax rate for the three month period ended October 1, 2016 was 32.9% compared to 33.8% for the three
month period ended September 26, 2015. The effective income tax rate for the three month period ended October 1, 2016 of 32.9%
includes immaterial discrete expense items. The effective income tax rate without discrete items for the three month period ended
October 1, 2016 would have been 32.7%. The effective income tax rate for the three month period ended September 26, 2015 of 33.8%
includes immaterial discrete expense of $0.1 million. The effective income tax rate without discrete items for the three month
period ended September 26, 2015 would have been 33.5%. 

Income tax expense
for the six month period ended October 1, 2016 was $17.7 million compared to $14.0 million for the six month period ended September
26, 2015. Our effective income tax rate for the six month period ended October 1, 2016 was 32.8% compared to 33.5% for the six
month period ended September 26, 2015. The effective income tax rate for the six month period ended October 1, 2016 of 32.8% includes
immaterial discrete benefit of $0.2 million. The effective income tax rate without discrete items for the six month period ended
October 1, 2016 would have been 33.1%. The effective income tax rate for the six month period ended September 26, 2015 of 33.5%
includes immaterial discrete benefit of $0.1 million. The effective income tax rate without discrete items for the six month period
ended September 26, 2015 would have been 33.6%. 

Segment Information  

We have four reportable
product segments: Plain Bearings, Roller Bearings, Ball Bearings and Engineered Products. In fiscal 2016 we integrated the Sargent
businesses into our Plain Bearings and Engineered Products segments (see Notes 8 and 9 of Notes to Unaudited Interim Consolidated
Financial Statements). We use gross margin as the primary measurement to assess the financial performance of each reportable segment. 

Plain Bearing Segment:   

Net sales increased
$1.2 million, or 1.8%, for the three months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the same period last year. The 1.8% increase was
primarily driven by an increase of 3.7% in our aerospace markets offset by a decrease of 4.1% in the industrial markets. The increase
in aerospace sales was mainly due to the commercial aerospace OEM. The decrease in industrial sales was mostly driven by energy
and general industrial OEM. 

Gross margin as a
percent of sales decreased to 38.6% for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to 39.6% for the same period last year. The
decrease was primarily due to unfavorable product mix. 

Net sales increased
$6.0 million, or 4.5%, for the six months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the same period last year. The 4.5% increase was primarily
driven by an increase of 6.8% in our aerospace markets offset by a decrease of 2.0% in the industrial markets. The increase in
aerospace sales was mainly due to the commercial aerospace OEM and aftermarket. The decrease in industrial sales was mostly driven
by energy and general industrial OEM partly offset by distribution. 

Gross margin as a
percent of sales decreased to 38.2% for the six months of fiscal 2017 compared to 39.5% for the same period last year. The decrease
was primarily due to unfavorable product mix. 

Roller Bearing Segment:   

Net sales decreased
$0.4 million, or 1.3%, for the three months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the same period last year. Our industrial markets
decreased 14.4%, partly offset by increases in our aerospace markets of 12.0%. The decrease in industrial sales was primarily
due to general industrial while the increases in aerospace were due to our commercial and defense OEM markets. 

Gross margin for the
three months ended October 1, 2016 was $11.5 million, or 42.9% of sales, compared to $11.3 million, or 41.8%, in the comparable
period in fiscal 2016. This increase in the gross margin percentage was primarily due to the impact of cost efficiencies and product
mix. 

Net sales decreased
$3.1 million, or 5.4%, for the six months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the same period last year. Our industrial markets
decreased 18.7% while our aerospace markets increased by 8.6%. The decrease in industrial sales was primarily due to general industrial
activity mainly in energy offset by our commercial aerospace markets. 

Gross margin for the
six months ended October 1, 2016 was $23.8 million, or 43.5% of sales, compared to $24.3 million, or 42.0%, in the comparable
period in fiscal 2016. This increase in the gross margin percentage was primarily due to the impact of cost efficiencies and product
mix. 

Ball Bearing Segment:   

Net sales increased
$1.5 million, or 11.0%, for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the same period last year. Our aerospace markets increased
3.7% and our industrial markets increased 15.1%. The increase in aerospace sales was primarily driven by commercial and defense
aerospace OEM markets, while the increase in industrial sales was a result of the industrial OEM and distribution mainly driven
by semiconductor and general industrial markets. 

Gross margin as a
percent of sales decreased to 35.6% for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to 40.3% for the same period last year. The
decrease was primarily due to unfavorable product mix. 

Net sales increased
$2.4 million, or 9.0%, for the six months ended October 1, 2016 compared to the same period last year. Our aerospace markets decreased
0.8% while our industrial markets increased 14.4%. The 0.8% decrease in aerospace sales was primarily driven by the commercial
aerospace OEM market, while the increase in industrial sales was a result of the industrial OEM and distribution mainly driven
by semiconductor and general industrial markets. 

Gross margin as a
percent of sales decreased to 37.1% for the six months ended October 1, 2016 compared to 40.4% for the same period last year.
The decrease was primarily due to unfavorable product mix. 

Engineered Products Segment:   

Net sales increased
$2.9 million, or 7.2%, for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the same period last year. Our aerospace markets decreased
1.5% while our industrial markets increased 33.1%. The decrease in aerospace sales was mainly due to the commercial and defense
aerospace OEM markets. The increase in industrial sales was driven by marine activity. 

Gross margin as a
percent of sales increased to 30.7% for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to 21.3% for the same period last year. 

Net
sales increased $12.2 million, or 16.6%, for the six months ended October 1, 2016   compared
to the same period last year. Our aerospace markets increased 8.8% while our industrial markets increased 38.3%. The increase
in aerospace sales was mainly due to the commercial aerospace OEM market. The increase in industrial sales was driven by marine
and European collet activity.   

Gross margin as a
percent of sales increased to 30.8% for the six months ended October 1, 2016 compared to 23.6% for the same period last year,
mainly due to product mix. 

Corporate:   

Corporate SG A
increased for both the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2017 compared to the same periods last year. This was primarily
due to an increase in stock compensation expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our business is capital
intensive. Our capital requirements include manufacturing equipment and materials. In addition, we have historically fueled our
growth in part through acquisitions. We have historically met our working capital, capital expenditure requirements and acquisition
funding needs through our net cash flows provided by operations, various debt arrangements and sale of equity to investors. We
believe that operating cash flows and available credit under the credit facilities will provide adequate resources to fund internal
and external growth initiatives for the foreseeable future. 

Our ability to meet future working
capital, capital expenditures and debt service requirements will depend on our future financial performance, which will be affected
by a range of economic, competitive and business factors, particularly interest rates, cyclical changes in our end markets and
prices for steel and our ability to pass through price increases on a timely basis, many of which are outside of our control.
In addition, future acquisitions could have a significant impact on our liquidity position and our need for additional funds.  

From time to time
we evaluate our existing facilities and operations and their strategic importance to us. If we determine that a given facility
or operation does not have future strategic importance, we may sell, partially or completely, relocate production lines, consolidate
or otherwise dispose of those operations. Although we believe our operations would not be materially impaired by such dispositions,
relocations or consolidations, we could incur significant cash or non-cash charges in connection with them. 

Liquidity   

As of October 1, 2016,
we had cash and cash equivalents of $37.5 million of which approximately $31.4 million was cash held by our foreign operations.
We expect that our undistributed foreign earnings will be re-invested indefinitely for working capital, internal growth and acquisitions
for and by our foreign entities. 

The Credit Facility  

In connection with
the Sargent acquisition on April 24, 2015, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement and related Guarantee, Pledge Agreement
and Security Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Swingline Lender
and Letter of Credit Issuer and the other lenders party thereto and terminated the JP Morgan Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement
provides RBCA, as Borrower, with (a) a $200 million Term Loan and (b) a $350 million Revolver and together with the Term Loan
(the  Facilities ). 

Amounts outstanding
under the Facilities generally bear interest at (a) a base rate determined by reference to the higher of (1) Wells Fargo s
prime lending rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus   of 1% and (3) the one-month LIBOR rate plus 1% or (b) LIBOR
rate plus a specified margin, depending on the type of borrowing being made. The applicable margin is based on the Company s
consolidated ratio of total net debt to consolidated EBITDA from time to time. Currently, our margin is 0.5% for base rate loans
and 1.5% for LIBOR rate loans. As of October 1, 2016, there was $140.0 million outstanding under the Revolver and $187.5 million
outstanding under the Term Loan, offset by $5.1 million in debt issuance costs (original amount was $7.1 million). 

The Credit Agreement
requires us to comply with various covenants, including among other things, financial covenants to maintain the following: (1)
a ratio of consolidated net debt to adjusted EBITDA, not to exceed 3.50 to 1; and (2) a consolidated interest coverage ratio not
to exceed 2.75 to 1. The New Credit Agreement allows us to, among other things, make distributions to shareholders, repurchase
our stock, incur other debt or liens, or acquire or dispose of assets provided that we comply with certain requirements and limitations
of the agreement. As of October 1, 2016, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 

Our obligations under
the Credit Agreement are secured as well as providing for a pledge of substantially all of our assets. We and certain of our subsidiaries
have also entered into a Guarantee to guarantee our obligations under the Credit Agreement. 

Approximately $3.7
million of the Revolver is being utilized to provide letters of credit to secure RBCA s obligations relating to certain
insurance programs. As of October 1, 2016, RBCA has the ability to borrow up to an additional $206.3 million under the Revolver. 

Other Notes Payable  

On October 1, 2012,
Schaublin purchased the land and building, which it occupied and had been leasing, for 14.1 million CHF (approximately $14.9 million).
Schaublin obtained a 20 year fixed rate mortgage of 9.3 million CHF (approximately $9.9 million) at an interest rate of 2.9%.
The balance of the purchase price of 4.8 million CHF (approximately $5.1 million) was paid from cash on hand. The balance on this
mortgage as of October 1, 2016 was 7.4 million CHF, or $7.7 million. 

Cash Flows   

Six
Month Period Ended October 1, 2016 Compared to the Six Month Period Ended September 26, 2015  

The following table summarizes
our cash flow activities: 

During fiscal 2017
we generated cash of $38.5 million from operating activities compared to generating cash of $40.3 million for fiscal 2016. The
decrease of $1.8 million for fiscal 2017 was mainly a result of the unfavorable impact of the net change in operating assets and
liabilities of $12.3 million offset by an increase in net income of $8.4 million and non-cash charges of $2.2 million. The unfavorable
change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily the result of an increase in the amount of cash being used for working
capital items as detailed in the table below, while the non-cash charges were primarily driven by a decrease in the excess tax
impact from stock-based compensation of $1.3 million offset by an increased stock compensation of $1.3 million depreciation of
$0.8 million and amortization of intangibles of $0.4 million. 

The following chart summarizes the unfavorable
change in operating assets and liabilities of $(12.3) million for fiscal 2017 versus fiscal 2016 and $(4.9) million for fiscal
2016 versus fiscal 2015. 

During fiscal 2017,
we used $10.2 million for investing activities as compared to $509.8 million for fiscal 2016. The decrease of cash used in investing
activities of $499.6 million is primarily attributable to the $500.0 million used to finance the acquisition of Sargent. 

During fiscal 2017,
we used $30.0 million from financing activities compared to generating $388.4 million for fiscal 2016. This decrease in cash generated
was primarily attributable to the $225.0 million revolving credit facility and $200.0 million proceeds from the term loan associated
with the acquisition of Sargent in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. 

Capital Expenditures   

Our capital expenditures
were $9.6 million for the six month period ended October 1, 2016. In addition, we expect to make additional capital expenditures
of $10.0 to $12.0 million during fiscal 2017 in connection with our existing business. We expect to fund fiscal 2017 capital expenditures
principally through existing cash, internally generated funds and debt. We may also make substantial additional capital expenditures
in connection with acquisitions. 

Obligations and Commitments   

The contractual obligations
presented in the table below represent our estimates of future payments under fixed contractual obligations and commitments. Changes
in our business needs, cancellation provisions and interest rates, as well as actions by third parties and other factors, may
cause these estimates to change. Because these estimates are necessarily subjective, our actual payments in future periods are
likely to vary from those presented in the table. The following table summarizes certain of our contractual obligations and principal
and interest payments under our debt instruments and leases as of October 1, 2016: 

(1)  We cannot make a reasonably reliable
                                         estimate of when the unrecognized tax liability of $14.6 million, which includes interest
                                         and penalties, and is offset by deferred tax assets, will be paid to the respective taxing
                                         authorities. These obligations are therefore excluded from the above table.   

(2)  These amounts represent expected cash
                                         payments of interest on our variable rate long-term debt under our Facilities at the
                                         prevailing interest rates at October 1, 2016.   

Other Matters  

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates   

Revenue
Recognition.     See page 7 in Notes to Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.

Preparation of our
financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses. We believe the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in our fiscal 2016 Annual Report, incorporated by reference in our fiscal 2016 Form 10-K, describe the significant
accounting estimates and policies used in preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results in these areas
could differ from management s estimates. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates during
the first six months of fiscal 2017. 

ITEM 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are exposed to
market risks, which arise during the normal course of business from changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 

Interest Rates.
 We currently have variable rate debt outstanding under the credit agreement. We regularly evaluate the impact of interest
rate changes on our net income and cash flow and take action to limit our exposure when appropriate. 

Foreign Currency
Exchange Rates.  As a result of our operations in Europe, we are exposed to risk associated with fluctuating currency exchange
rates between the U.S. dollar, the Euro, the Swiss Franc, the Polish Zloty and the Canadian Dollar. Our Swiss operations utilize
the Swiss Franc as the functional currency, our French and German operations utilize the Euro as the functional currency, our
Polish operations utilize the Polish Zloty as the functional currency and our Canadian operations utilize the Canadian Dollar
as the functional currency. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in earnings. Approximately 11% of our net
sales were impacted by foreign currency fluctuations in the first six months of both fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. We expect that
this proportion is likely to increase as we seek to increase our penetration of foreign markets, particularly within the aerospace
and defense markets. Foreign currency transaction exposure arises primarily from the transfer of foreign currency from one subsidiary
to another within the group, and to foreign currency denominated trade receivables. Unrealized currency translation gains and
losses are recognized upon translation of the foreign subsidiaries  balance sheets to U.S. dollars. Because our financial
statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have
had, and will continue to have, an impact on our earnings. We periodically enter into derivative financial instruments in the
form of forward exchange contracts to reduce the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates on certain third-party sales transactions
denominated in non-functional currencies. Based on the accounting guidance related to derivatives and hedging activities, we record
derivative financial instruments at fair value. For derivative financial instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges,
the effective portion of the gain or loss on these hedges is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income
( AOCI ), and is reclassified into earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings. As of October 1, 2016, we
had no derivatives. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 4. Controls and
Procedures 

Our management, with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act )) as of October 1, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that, as of October 1, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were (1) designed to ensure that information relating to our
Company required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer within the time periods specified in the rules and forms
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and (2) effective, in that they provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

No change in our internal
control over financial reporting occurred during the six month period ended October 1, 2016 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time,
we are involved in litigation and administrative proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe
that any litigation or proceeding in which we are currently involved, including those discussed below, either individually or
in the aggregate, is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow
or prospects. 

As reported in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended April 2, 2016, filed on May 26, 2016, the pending litigation involving
Precise Machining and Manufacturing LLC was resolved on May 20, 2016, and the pending litigation involving SKF, USA was resolved
on May 18, 2016. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

There have been no
material changes to our risk factors and uncertainties during the six month period ended October 1, 2016. For a discussion of
the Risk Factors, refer to Part I, Item 2,  Cautionary Statement As To Forward-Looking Information,  contained in
this report and Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
period ended April 2, 2016. 

ITEM 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities  

None. 

Use of Proceeds  

Not applicable. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

On February 7, 2013,
our board of directors authorized us to repurchase up to $50.0 million of our common stock, from time to time on the open market,
in block trade transactions and through privately negotiated transactions in compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission
Rule 10b-18 depending on market conditions, alternative uses of capital and other relevant factors. Purchases may be commenced,
suspended, or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 

Total share repurchases for the three
months ended October 1, 2016 are as follows: 

ITEM 3.    
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.    
       Other Information    

Not applicable. 

ITEM 6.     
       Exhibits     

Exhibit   
      Number   
       
       Exhibit Description    
 
      31.01  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a).   
 
      31.02  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a).   
 
      32.01  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b).*   
 
      32.02  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b).*   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance
    Document.   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Schema Document.   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

*          
This certification accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated
by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

RBC Bearings Incorporated  

(Registrant)  

By:  
     /s/ Michael J. Hartnett 

Name:  
      Michael J. Hartnett  

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer  

Date:  
      November 3, 2016  

By:  
     /s/ Daniel A. Bergeron      

Name:  
      Daniel A. Bergeron  

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  
      November 3, 2016  

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit   
      Number   
       
       Exhibit Description    
 
      31.01  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a).   
 
      31.02  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a).   
 
      32.01  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b).*   
 
      32.02  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b).*   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL
    Instance Document.   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

*          
This certification accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated
by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing. 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 v451152_ex31-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 31.01  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Michael J. Hartnett, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of RBC Bearings Incorporated; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including any consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date:
    November 3, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Michael J. Hartnett  

Michael
    J. Hartnett   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 v451152_ex31-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 31.02  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Daniel A. Bergeron, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of RBC Bearings Incorporated; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including any consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date:
    November 3, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Daniel A. Bergeron  

Daniel
    A. Bergeron   

Chief
    Financial Officer    

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 v451152_ex32-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 32.01  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350 

The undersigned, Michael J. Hartnett,
the President and Chief Executive Officer of RBC Bearings Incorporated (the  Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350,
hereby certifies that: 

(i) the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2016 of the Company (the  Report ) fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/
    Michael J. Hartnett  

Michael
    J. Hartnett   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 v451152_ex32-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.02

Exhibit 32.02  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

The undersigned, Daniel A. Bergeron, Chief
Financial Officer, of RBC Bearings Incorporated (the  Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, hereby certifies: 

(i) the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2016 of the Company (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 3, 2016 

/s/
    Daniel A. Bergeron  

Daniel
    A. Bergeron   

Chief
    Financial Officer    

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 roll-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 roll-20161001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 roll-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 roll-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 roll-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 roll-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

