<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1345801_0001193125-16-762794_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5358605</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123397</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>277411</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1439558</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2372157</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>954025</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-762794.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108141106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-762794
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nuveen Diversified Commodity Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001345801
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34879
		FILM NUMBER:		161980804

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 WEST WACKER DRIVE
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-917-8146

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 WEST WACKER DRIVE
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nuveen Commodities Income & Growth Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-762794.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d235843d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549         
        Form 10-Q
             
   (Mark One)        
 
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016        Or        
 
   For the transition period from               to
                    Commission File Number 001-34879
             
   Nuveen Diversified Commodity Fund        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Delaware   
     
   27-2048014    
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   
     
   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)    

333 West Wacker Drive Chicago Illinois   
     
   60606    
 
   (Address of principal executive offices)   
     
   (Zip Code)    
     (877) 827-5920        (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)         
       Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes         No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated file, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):   

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if smaller reporting company)  
     
  Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No        
  As of November 4, 2016, the registrant had 9,047,040 shares outstanding.   

Table of Contents  

    NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549        FORM  10-Q 
         TABLE OF CONTENTS    

2   

Table of Contents  

    PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
   Financial Statements      
   NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND          SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Unaudited)    
   September 30, 2016    
   Investments        
     Investments in Derivatives       Futures Contracts outstanding:   
 
         3   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016        Investments in Derivatives (Continued)    
  Futures Contracts outstanding (Continued):         

4   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016        Investments in Derivatives (Continued)    
  Futures Contracts outstanding (Continued):         

5   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016        Investments in Derivatives (Continued)    
  Call Options Written outstanding:         

6   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016        Investments in Derivatives (Continued)    
  Call Options Written outstanding (Continued):         

7   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

(1)     
      
  Ratings: Using the highest of Standard   Poor s Group, Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch, Inc. rating.   
 
     (2)     
      
  The Fund expects to invest only in long futures contracts. Some short futures positions arise in futures contracts traded on the London Metal Exchange ( LME ) solely as
the result of closing existing long LME futures positions. For every short LME futures contract outstanding, the Fund had previously entered into a long LME futures contract. The London Clearing House is the counterparty for both the long and short
position.   
 
     (3)     
      
  Total number of contracts and notional amount at value include the net effect of LME short futures positions, when applicable.   
 
     (4)     
      
  The gross unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on futures contracts is $2,826,557 and $(2,441,177), respectively.   
 
     (5)     
      
  For fair value measurement disclosure purposes, these Call Options Written are classified as Level 2. See Notes to Financial Statements, Note 2 Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies, Investment Valuation and Fair Value Measurements for more information.   
 
  N/A  
      
  Not applicable.   
 
  CBOT  
      
  Chicago Board of Trade   
 
  CEC  
      
  Commodities Exchange Center   
 
  CME  
      
  Chicago Mercantile Exchange   
 
  COMEX  
      
  Commodities Exchange, Inc.   
 
  ICE  
      
  Intercontinental Exchange   
 
  KCBT  
      
  Kansas City Board of Trade   
 
  LIFFE  
      
  London International Financial Futures Exchange   
 
  LME  
      
  London Metal Exchange   
 
  NY Harbor ULSD  
      
  New York Harbor Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel   
 
  NYMEX  
      
  New York Mercantile Exchange   
 
  RBOB  
      
  Reformulated Gasoline Blendstock for Oxygen Blending   
    See accompanying notes to financial statements.   
         8   

Table of Contents  

      NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION        At September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015        
 
         See
accompanying notes to financial statements.          9

Table of Contents  

      NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited)        For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015        and the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015        
 
         See
accompanying notes to financial statements.          10

Table of Contents  

      NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  CAPITAL        For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and the Year Ended December 31, 2015        
 
         See
accompanying notes to financial statements.          11

Table of Contents  

      NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)        For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015        
             
  See accompanying notes to financial statements.   
         12   

Table of Contents  

    NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)    
   September 30, 2016        1.
Organization        Fund Information       The Nuveen Diversified Commodity Fund (the  Fund ) was organized as a Delaware statutory trust on December 7, 2005, to operate as a commodity pool. Nuveen Commodities Asset Management, LLC, the
Fund s manager ( NCAM  or the  Manager ), is a Delaware limited liability company registered as a commodity pool operator with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ) and is a member of the National
Futures Association (the  NFA ). The Fund commenced operations on September 27, 2010, with its initial public offering. The Fund operates pursuant to a Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement dated as of March 30, 2012 (the  Trust
Agreement ). The Fund s shares represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in, and ownership of, the Fund. The Fund s shares trade on the NYSE MKT under the ticker symbol  CFD.  The Fund is not a mutual fund,
a closed-end fund, or any other type of  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and is not subject to regulation thereunder.   
   Proposed Conversion to Exchange-Traded Fund ( ETF ) Structure    
  On December 19, 2014, the Fund issued a press release announcing that the Manager had approved a plan to convert the Fund (the
 Conversion ) into an open-ended ETF. On June 30, 2015, shareholders of the Fund approved amendments to the Fund s Declaration of Trust that are necessary to complete the Conversion. To facilitate the Conversion, on July 9, 2015, the
Fund filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) to register common shares that may be issued from time to time after the Conversion. The Conversion requires regulatory clearance, including SEC
approval of a new exchange rule pursuant to which the Fund s shares will trade following the Conversion. On June 8, 2016, the Fund announced that the SEC had issued notice of the proposed new exchange rule, which was subsequently published in
the Federal Register on June 13, 2016, and subject to a 45-day SEC review period. On July 28, 2016, the Fund announced that the SEC had extended the review period for the proposed rule through September 9, 2016. On September 9, 2016, the SEC further
extended the review period for up to an additional 90 days. The SEC may take action on the proposed rule at any time during this review period, and may further extend the review period for up to an additional 60 days. If the SEC approves the
proposed rule at the conclusion of the review period, the Fund intends to complete the Conversion as soon as practicable thereafter. There can be no assurance that SEC approval will be obtained, or if obtained, that the Conversion will be completed
in the anticipated time frame. In the event that the proposed rule is not approved, the Manager will consider all available options, including liquidation of the Fund. As of September 30, 2016, the Conversion remains subject to the receipt of
regulatory approvals.      The Fund is not currently, and after the Conversion will not be, a mutual fund or any other type of
investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act. Until the Conversion occurs, the Fund will continue to operate as currently structured.       Investment Adviser       The Manager has selected its affiliate, Gresham
Investment Management LLC ( Gresham LLC ), acting through its Near Term Active division (in that capacity,  Gresham  or the  Commodity  Sub-adviser ),  to manage the Fund s
commodity investment strategy and its options strategy. Gresham LLC is a Delaware limited liability company, the successor to Gresham Investment Management, Inc., formed in July 1992. Gresham LLC is registered with the CFTC as a commodity trading
adviser and commodity pool operator, is a member of the NFA and is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser.   
         13   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    1. Organization (Continued)          
   The Manager has selected its affiliate, Nuveen Asset Management, LLC ( Nuveen Asset
Management  or the  Collateral Sub-adviser ), to manage the Fund s collateral invested in cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other short-term, high grade debt securities. Nuveen Asset Management is a Delaware
limited liability company and is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser.      The Manager, the Commodity Sub-adviser and
the Collateral Sub-adviser are subsidiaries of Nuveen Investments, Inc. ( Nuveen Investments ). Nuveen Investments is a subsidiary of TIAA Global Asset Management.   
   Investment Objectives and Principal Investment Strategies    
  The Fund s investment objective is to generate higher risk-adjusted total return than leading commodity market
benchmarks. Risk-adjusted total return refers to the income and capital appreciation generated by a portfolio (the combination of which equals its total return) per unit of risk taken, with such risk measured by the volatility of the
portfolio s total returns over a specific period of time. In pursuing its investment objective, the Fund invests directly in a diversified portfolio of commodity futures, forward and options contracts to obtain broad exposure to all principal
groups in the global commodity markets. The Fund s investment strategy has three principal elements:       

An actively managed portfolio of commodity futures and forward contracts utilizing Gresham s proprietary Tangible Asset Program     , or TAP     , a long-only rules-based commodity investment strategy designed to maintain consistent, fully-collateralized exposure to commodities as an asset class;

An integrated program of writing commodity call options designed to enhance the risk-adjusted total return of the Fund s commodity investments
(TAP      and this options strategy are collectively referred to as TAP PLUS   SM   ); and      

A collateral portfolio of cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other short-term, high-grade debt securities.      
   2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies       The Fund follows accounting and reporting guidance under Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 946  Financial Services-Investment Companies. 
The following is a summary of significant accounting policies followed by the Fund in the preparation of its financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ).   
  The accompanying unaudited financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the
instructions for Form 10-Q and the rules and regulations of the SEC. In the opinion of management, all material adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair statement of the interim period financial
statements have been made. Interim period results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full-year period. These financial statements and the notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the Fund s financial statements included in
the Fund s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.       Basis of Accounting    
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and   
         14   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
increases and decreases in net assets from operations during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.       Futures Contracts       The Fund invests in commodity futures contracts. Upon
execution of a futures contract, the Fund is obligated to deposit cash or eligible securities, also known as  initial margin,  into an account at its clearing broker. Generally investments in futures contracts also obligate the investor
and the clearing broker to settle monies on a daily basis representing changes in the prior day s  mark-to-market  of the open contracts. If the Fund has unrealized appreciation, the clearing broker would credit the Fund s
account with an amount equal to appreciation and conversely, if the Fund has unrealized depreciation, the clearing broker would debit the Fund s account with an amount equal to depreciation. These daily cash settlements are also known as
 variation margin.  In lieu of posting variation margin daily, the Fund has deposited cash with the clearing broker in an amount, generally representing approximately twice the required initial margin to cover the initial margin and the
daily changes in the market value of its futures investments. Cash held by the clearing broker to cover both margin requirements on open futures contracts is recognized as  Deposits with brokers  on the Statements of Financial Condition.
     During the period the futures contract is open, changes in the value of the contract are recognized as an unrealized gain or
loss by  marking-to-market  on a daily basis to reflect the changes in market value of the contract, which are recognized as a component of  Unrealized appreciation or depreciation on futures contracts  on the Statements of
Financial Condition and  Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of futures contracts  on the Statements of Operations. When the contract is closed, the Fund records a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the
value of the contract on the closing date and the value of the contract when originally entered into, which is recognized as a component of  Net realized gain (loss) from futures contracts  on the Statements of Operations.   
  The Fund expects to invest only in long futures contracts. Some short futures positions may arise in futures contracts traded on the
London Metal Exchange ( LME ) solely as the result of closing existing long LME futures positions. For every short LME futures contract outstanding, the Fund had previously entered into a long futures contract. The LME Clearing House is
the counterparty for both the long and short positions.      Risks of investments in commodity futures contracts include possible
adverse movement in the price of the commodities underlying the contracts, the possibility that there may not be a liquid secondary market for the contracts and the possibility that a change in the value of the contract may not correlate with a
change in the value of the underlying commodities.      The average number of futures contracts outstanding during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 was as follows:       

*  
  The average number of contracts is calculated based on the number of contracts outstanding at the beginning of the year and at the end of each quarter within the
respective period.        Refer to Note 3   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities within these Notes to
Financial Statements for further details on futures contracts activity.   
         15   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    
     
    Options Contracts    
  The Fund may write (sell) and purchase options on commodity futures and forward contracts to enhance the Fund s risk-adjusted total
return. When the Fund writes an option, an amount equal to the premium received is recognized as a component of  Call options written, at value  on the Statements of Financial Condition and is subsequently adjusted to reflect the current
value of the written option until the option expires or the Fund enters into a closing purchase transaction. The changes in value of the options written during the reporting period are recognized as a component of  Change in net unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of call options written  on the Statements of Operations. When an option is exercised or expires, or the Fund enters into a closing purchase transaction, the difference between the net premium received and any amount
paid at expiration or on executing a closing purchase transaction is recognized as a component of  Net realized gain (loss) from call options written  on the Statements of Operations. The Fund, as writer of an option, has no control over
whether the underlying instrument may be sold (called) and as a result bears the risk of an unfavorable change in the market value of the instrument underlying the written option. There is also the risk the Fund may not be able to enter into a
closing transaction because of an illiquid market. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, the Fund wrote call options on futures contracts.   
  The Fund did not purchase options on futures or forward contracts during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended
December 31, 2015. The purchase of options involves the risk of loss of all or part of the cash paid for the options (the premium). The market risk associated with purchasing options is limited to the premium paid. The counterparty credit risk
of purchasing options, however, needs to take into account the current value of the option, as performance is expected from the counterparty.      Transactions in call options written during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, were as follows:   
   
    The average number of call options written outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and the year ended December 31, 2015 was as follows:       

*  
  The average number of contracts is calculated based on the outstanding number of contracts at the beginning of the year and at the end of each quarter within the
respective period.        Refer to Note 3   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities within these Notes to
Financial Statements for further details on options activity.   
         16   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    
     
    Forward Contracts    
  The Fund may enter into forward contracts but did not make any such investments since its commencement of operations on September 27,
2010. A forward contract is an agreement between two parties to purchase or sell a specified quantity of a commodity at or before a specified date in the future at a specified price. Forward contracts are typically traded in the over-the-counter
( OTC ) markets and all details of the contract are negotiated between the counterparties to the agreement. Accordingly, the forward contracts are valued by reference to the contracts traded in the OTC markets.   
  The contractual obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying
commodity, establishing an opposite position in the contract and recognizing the profit or loss on both positions simultaneously on the delivery date or, in some instances, paying a cash settlement before the designated date of delivery. The forward
contracts are adjusted by the daily fluctuation of the underlying commodity or currency and any gains or losses are recognized on the Statements of Operations as unrealized appreciation or depreciation until the contract settlement date.   
  Forward contracts are, in general, not cleared or guaranteed by a third party. The Fund may collateralize forward commodity contracts with
cash and/or certain securities as indicated on its Statements of Financial Condition or Schedule of Investments, when applicable, and such collateral is held for the benefit of the counterparty in a segregated account at the custodian to protect the
counterparty against non-payment by the Fund. In the event of a default by the counterparty, the Fund will seek return of this collateral and may incur certain costs exercising its right with respect to the collateral.   
  The Fund remains subject to credit risk with respect to the amount it expects to receive from counterparties, as those amounts are not
similarly collateralized by the counterparty. If a counterparty becomes bankrupt or otherwise fails to perform its obligations due to financial difficulties, the Fund may experience significant delays in obtaining any recovery in a bankruptcy or
other reorganization proceeding. The Fund may obtain only limited recovery or may obtain no recovery in such circumstances.   
  Participants in trading foreign exchange forward contracts often do not require margin deposits, but rely upon internal credit limitations
and their judgments regarding the creditworthiness of their counterparties.      The Fund will enter into forward contracts only
with large, well-capitalized and well-established financial institutions. The creditworthiness of each of the firms which is a party to a forward contract is monitored by the Manager.   
   Netting Agreements       In the ordinary course of business, the Fund has entered into transactions subject to enforceable master repurchase agreements or other similar arrangements ( netting agreements ). Generally,
the right to offset in netting agreements allows the Fund to offset any exposure to a specific counterparty with any collateral received or delivered to that counterparty based on the terms of the agreements. The Fund manages its cash collateral and
securities collateral on a counterparty basis. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Fund was not invested in any portfolio securities or derivatives, other than the repurchase agreements further described below, that are subject
to netting agreements.       Repurchase Agreements       In connection with transactions in repurchase agreements, it is the Fund s policy that its custodian take possession of the underlying collateral securities, the fair value of which exceeds the
principal amount of the   
         17   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

repurchase transaction, including accrued interest, at all times. If the counterparty defaults, and the fair value of the collateral declines, realization of the collateral may be delayed or
limited.      The following tables present the repurchase agreements for the Fund, presented on the Statements of Financial
Condition as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and recognized as a component of  Short-term investments, at value,  that are subject to netting agreements as of the end of each reporting period, and the collateral delivered
related to those repurchase agreements.       

Collateral Investments       Currently, approximately 15% of the Fund s net
assets are committed to secure the Fund s futures contract positions. These assets are placed in a commodity futures account maintained by the Fund s clearing broker, and are held in high-quality instruments permitted under CFTC
regulations.      The Fund s remaining assets are held in a separate collateral investment account managed by the Collateral  Sub-adviser.  The Fund s assets held in the separate collateral account are invested in cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high-quality short-term debt securities with final terms not
exceeding one year at the time of investment. The collateral portfolio s debt securities (other than U.S. government securities) are rated at the highest applicable rating as determined by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating
organization, or if unrated, judged by the Collateral  Sub-adviser  to be of comparable quality.       Investment Valuation       Commodity futures contracts and options on commodity
futures contracts which are traded on an exchange are valued at the final settlement price or official closing price as determined by the principal exchange on which the instruments are traded as supplied by independent pricing services. These
investments are generally classified as Level 1 for fair value measurement purposes. OTC commodity futures and forward contracts and options on commodity futures and forward contracts which are not traded on an exchange are valued, in order of
hierarchy, by independent pricing services, price quotations obtained from counterparty broker-dealers, or through fair valuation methodologies as determined by the Manager. These investments are generally classified as Level 2. Additionally, events
may occur after the close of the market, but prior to the determination of the Fund s net asset value, that may affect the values of the Fund s investments. In such circumstances, the Manager determines a fair valuation for such
investments that in its opinion is reflective of fair market value. These investments are generally classified as Level 2 or Level 3 depending on the observability of the significant inputs.   
         18   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    
     
   Prices of fixed-income securities, including, but not limited to, highly-rated agency
discount notes and U.S. Treasury bills, are provided by a pricing service approved by the Fund s Manager. These securities are generally classified as Level 2. The pricing service establishes a security s fair value using methods that may
include consideration of the following: yields or prices of investments of comparable quality, type of issue, coupon, maturity and rating, market quotes or indications of value from security dealers, general market conditions and other information
and analysis, including the obligor s credit characteristics considered relevant. These securities are generally classified as Level 2 or Level 3 depending on the observability of the significant inputs.   
  Repurchase agreements are valued at contract amount plus accrued interest, which approximates market value. These securities are generally
classified as Level 2.       Fair Value Measurements    
  Fair value is defined as the price that the Fund would receive upon selling an investment or transferring a liability in an orderly
transaction to an independent buyer in the principal or most advantageous market for the investment. A three-tier hierarchy is used to maximize the use of observable market data and minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to establish
classification of fair value measurements for disclosure purposes. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Observable inputs are based on market data obtained from sources
independent of the reporting entity. Unobservable inputs reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs are based on the best information
available in the circumstances. The following is a summary of the three-tier hierarchy of valuation inputs.   
  Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted and prices are determined by quoted prices in active markets for identical
securities.      Level 2 Prices are determined using other significant observable inputs (including
quoted prices for similar securities, interest rates, prepayment speeds, credit risk, etc.).   
  Level 3 Prices are determined using significant unobservable inputs (including management s assumptions
in determining the fair value of investments).      The inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are not an indication
of the risks associated with investing in those securities. The following is a summary of the Fund s fair value measurements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   

19   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

*  
  Represents the net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on futures contracts as reported on the Statements of Financial Condition.     

**  
  Refer to the Schedule of Investments for a breakdown of call options written classified as Level 2, which is comprised of the Fund s call options written on the
LME.        The Manager is responsible for the Fund s valuation process and has delegated daily oversight of the
process to the Manager s Valuation Committee. The Valuation Committee, pursuant to its valuation policies and procedures, is responsible for making fair value determinations, evaluating the effectiveness of the Fund s pricing policies, and
reporting to the Manager s senior management. The Valuation Committee is aided in its efforts by the Manager s Securities Valuation Team, which is responsible for administering the daily valuation process and applying fair value
methodologies as approved by the Valuation Committee. When determining the reliability of independent pricing services for investments owned by the Fund, the Valuation Committee, among other things, conducts due diligence reviews of the pricing
services and monitors the quality of security prices received through various testing reports conducted by the Securities Valuation Team.      For each portfolio instrument that has been fair valued pursuant to the Valuation Committee s policies, the fair value price is compared against the last available and next available market
quotations. The Valuation Committee reviews the results of such testing and fair valuation occurrences are reported to the Manager s senior management.       Investment Transactions       Investment transactions are recorded on a trade
date basis. Realized gains and losses from investment transactions are determined on the specific identification method, which is the same for federal income tax purposes.       Investment Income       Interest income, which reflects the amortization of
premiums and includes accretion of discounts for financial reporting purposes, is recorded on an accrual basis.       Brokerage
Commissions and Fees       The Fund pays brokerage commissions, including applicable clearing costs, exchange fees, NFA fees,
give-up fees, pit brokerage fees and other transaction-related fees and expenses, incurred in connection with its commodity trading activities.   
         20   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    
     
    Income Taxes    
  No provision for federal, state, and local income taxes has been made in the accompanying financial statements because the Fund has
elected to be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Each owner of the Fund s shares will be required to take into account its allocable share of the Fund s income, gains, losses, deductions and other items for
the Fund s taxable year.      For all open tax years and all major taxing jurisdictions, the Manager of the Fund has concluded
that there are no significant uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the financial statements. Open tax years are those that are open for examination by taxing authorities (i.e., generally the last four tax year ends and the
interim tax period since then). Furthermore, the Manager of the Fund is also not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next twelve months.
      Expense Recognition       All expenses of the Fund are recognized on an accrual basis. The Fund pays all costs and expenses of its operations, including brokerage expenses, custody fees, transfer agent expenses, professional fees,
expenses of preparing, printing and distributing reports, notices, information statements, proxy statements, reports to governmental agencies, and taxes, if any. Occasionally, the Fund may receive a refund or reduction for certain expenses
previously incurred. When such events occur, the Fund may suspend or reverse an expense accrual, which in turn may result in a credit balance to that expense account recognized on the Statements of Operations.   
  In connection with the Conversion described previously, the Fund has incurred certain costs and expenses. Such amounts are recognized as a
component of  Accrued conversion expenses  on the Statements of Financial Condition and  Conversion expenses  on the Statements of Operations, when applicable.   
   Calculation of Net Asset Value       The net asset value per share of the Fund on any given day is computed by dividing the value of all assets of the Fund (including any accrued interest), less all liabilities (including accrued expenses
and distributions declared but unpaid), by the total number of shares outstanding.       Distributions    
  The Fund intends to make regular monthly distributions to its shareholders stated in terms of a fixed cents per share distribution rate.
Among other factors, the Manager seeks to establish a distribution rate that roughly corresponds to its projections of the total return that could reasonably be expected to be generated by the Fund over an extended period of time. In the event that
the amount of income earned or capital gains realized by the Fund is not sufficient to cover the Fund s distributions, the Fund may be required to liquidate investments to fund distributions at times or on terms that are disadvantageous to the
Fund and its shareholders. As market conditions and portfolio performance may change, the rate of distribution on the shares and the Fund s distribution policy could change. The Manager reserves the right to change the Fund s distribution
policy and the basis for establishing the rate of the Fund s monthly distributions, or may temporarily suspend or reduce distributions without a change in policy, at any time and may do so without prior notice to shareholders.   
  Distributions to shareholders are recorded on the  ex-dividend  date.   
         21   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    
     
    Commitments and Contingencies    
  Under the Fund s organizational documents, the Manager, Wilmington Trust Company (the Fund s Delaware trustee) and the
Manager s Independent Committee members are indemnified against certain liabilities arising out of the performance of their duties to the Fund. In addition, in the normal course of business, the Fund enters into contracts that provide general
indemnifications to other parties. The Fund s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Fund that have not yet occurred. However, the Fund has not had prior claims or
losses pursuant to these contracts and believes the risk of loss to be remote.       Financial Instrument Risk    
  The Fund utilizes commodity futures and options, whose values are based upon an underlying asset and generally represent future
commitments that have a reasonable possibility of being settled in cash or through physical delivery. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the financial instruments held by the Fund were traded on an exchange and are standardized
contracts.      Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the Fund due to market
changes, including fluctuations in commodity prices. Investing in commodity futures and forward contracts involves the Fund entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell a particular commodity at a specified date and price. The market
risk associated with the Fund s commitments to purchase commodities will be limited to the gross or face amount of the contracts held. The Fund s exposure to market risk may be influenced by a number of factors, including changes in
international balances of payments and trade, currency devaluations and revaluations, changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates, price volatility of commodity futures and forwards contracts and market liquidity, weather, geopolitical
events and other factors. These factors also affect the Fund s investments in options on commodity futures and forward contracts. The inherent uncertainty of the Fund s investments as well as the development of drastic market occurrences
could ultimately lead to a loss of all, or substantially all, of investors  capital.      Credit risk is the possibility that
a loss may occur due to failure of a counterparty performing according to the terms of the forwards, futures and option contracts. The Fund may be exposed to credit risk from its investments in commodity futures and forward contracts and options on
commodity futures and forward contracts resulting from the clearing house associated with a particular exchange failing to meet its obligations to the Fund. In general, clearing houses are backed by their corporate members who may be required to
share in the financial burden resulting from the nonperformance of one of their members, which should significantly reduce this credit risk. In cases where the clearing house is not backed by the clearing members (i.e., as in some foreign
exchanges), it may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearing member or clearing house will meet its obligations to the Fund.   
  The commodity markets have volatility risk.   The commodity markets have experienced periods of extreme volatility. General market
uncertainty and consequent repricing risk have led to market imbalances of sellers and buyers, which in turn have resulted in significant reductions in values of a variety of commodities. Similar future market conditions may result in rapid and
substantial valuation increases or decreases in the Fund s holdings. In addition, volatility in the commodity and securities markets may directly and adversely affect the setting of distribution rates on the Fund s shares.   
         22   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          
    3. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities    
  The Fund records derivative instruments at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized on the Statements of Operations.   
  The following tables present the fair value of all derivative instruments held by the Fund as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the location of these instruments on the Statements of Financial Condition and the primary underlying risk exposure.       
     
    The following table presents the amount of net realized gain (loss) and change in net unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) recognized on derivative instruments during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the location of these instruments on the Statements of Operations and the primary underlying risk
exposure.       
     4. Related Parties       The Manager, the Commodity Sub-adviser and the Collateral  Sub-adviser  are considered to be related parties to the Fund.   
         23   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          

    4. Related Parties (continued)          
   For the services and facilities provided by the Manager, the Fund pays the Manager an
annual management fee, payable monthly, based on the Fund s average daily net assets, according to the following schedule:       
     Average daily net assets  represents the total assets of the Fund, minus the sum of its total
liabilities.      The Manager and the Fund have entered into  sub-advisory  agreements with
the Commodity  Sub-adviser  and the Collateral  Sub-adviser.  Both the Commodity  Sub-adviser  and the Collateral  Sub-adviser  are compensated for their services to the Fund from the management fees paid to the Manager, and the Fund does not reimburse the Manager for those fees.   
   5. Share Repurchase Program       On December 21, 2011, the Fund adopted an open-market share repurchase program, pursuant to which it was authorized to repurchase up to 10% of its outstanding common shares (approximately 920,000 shares)
in open-market transactions at the Manager s discretion.      On March 6, 2014, the Fund reauthorized its share repurchase
program, pursuant to which it may repurchase up to 10% of its outstanding common shares as of the reauthorization date (approximately 920,000 shares) in open-market transactions at the Manager s discretion.   
  The Fund did not have any transactions in share repurchases during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended
December 31, 2015.   
         24   

Table of Contents  

NUVEEN DIVERSIFIED COMMODITY FUND    
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Unaudited)        September 30, 2016          
    6. Financial Highlights       The following financial highlights relate to investment performance and operations for a Fund share outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The Net Asset Value presentation is calculated using average daily shares outstanding. The Ratios to Average Net Assets are calculated using average daily net assets and have been annualized for periods less than a
full year. The Total Returns at Net Asset Value and Market Value are based on the change in net asset value and market value, respectively, for a share during the period. An investor s return and ratios will vary based on the timing of
purchasing and selling Fund shares.       

(a)  
  Annualized.     

(b)  
  Total Return Based on Net Asset Value is the combination of changes in net asset value per share and the assumed reinvestment of distributions, if any, at net asset
value per share on the distribution payment date. The last distribution declared in the period, which is typically paid on the first business day of the following month, is assumed to be reinvested at the net asset value per share at the end of
the period. Total returns are not annualized.       Total Return Based on Market Value is the combination of changes in
the market price per share and the assumed reinvestment of distributions, if any, at the ending market price per share on the distribution payment date. The last distribution declared in the period, which is typically paid on the first business
day of the following month, is assumed to be reinvested at the ending market price per share at the end of the period. Total returns are not annualized.   
         25   

Table of Contents  

      Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations        This information should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to financial
statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report (the  Report ). The discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements that generally relate to future events or future performance. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict, 
 potential  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Nuveen Commodities Asset Management, LLC ( NCAM  or the
 Manager ), Gresham Investment Management LLC and its Near Term Active division (such division referred to herein as  Gresham  or the  Commodity Sub-adviser ) and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC ( Nuveen Asset
Management  or the  Collateral Sub-adviser ) and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, both known and unknown, that could cause the actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities of the Nuveen
Diversified Commodity Fund (the  Fund ) to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements.        You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws or otherwise, the Fund and the Manager undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risks, uncertainties or other factors described in this Report, as a result of new information, future events or changed circumstances or for any other reason after the date of this
Report.         Introduction        The Fund is a commodity pool which was organized as a Delaware statutory trust on December 7, 2005 and commenced operations on September 27, 2010, with its public offering. The Fund s shares
trade on the NYSE MKT under the ticker symbol  CFD . The Fund s investment objective is to generate higher risk-adjusted total return than leading commodity market benchmarks. In pursuing its investment objective, the Fund invests
directly in a diversified portfolio of commodity futures and forward contracts to obtain broad exposure to all principal groups in the global commodity markets. The Fund is unleveraged, and the Fund s commodity contract positions are fully
collateralized with cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other short-term, high-grade debt securities. The Fund writes commodity call options seeking to enhance the Fund s risk-adjusted total return. The Manager focuses on the
Bloomberg Commodity Index ( BCOM ) when evaluating the performance of the commodity futures, forwards, and options positions (the  commodity portfolio ) in the Fund s portfolio.   
    Proposed Conversion to ETF Structure        On December 19, 2014, the Fund issued a press release announcing that the Manager had approved a plan to convert the Fund (the  Conversion ) into an open-ended ETF. On June 30, 2015,
shareholders of the Fund approved amendments to the Fund s Declaration of Trust that are necessary to complete the Conversion. To facilitate the Conversion, on July 9, 2015, the Fund filed a registration statement with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) to register common shares that may be issued from time to time after the Conversion. The Conversion requires regulatory clearance, including SEC approval of a new exchange rule pursuant to which the
Fund s shares will trade following the Conversion. On June 8, 2016, the Fund announced that the SEC had issued notice of the proposed new exchange rule, which was subsequently published in the Federal Register on June 13, 2016, and
subject to a 45-day SEC review period. On July 28, 2016, the Fund announced that the SEC had extended the review period for the proposed rule through September 9, 2016. On September 9, 2016, the SEC further extended the review period
for up to an additional 90 days. The SEC may take action on the proposed rule at any time during this review period, and may further extend the review period for up to an additional 60 days. If the SEC approves the proposed rule at the conclusion of
the review period, the Fund intends to complete the Conversion as soon as practicable thereafter. There can be no assurance that SEC approval will be obtained, or if obtained, that the Conversion will be completed in the anticipated time frame. In
the event that the proposed rule is not approved, the Manager will consider all available options, including   
         26   

Table of Contents  

liquidation of the Fund. As of September 30, 2016, the Conversion remains subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals.      In connection with the Conversion, the Manager intends to implement a number of additional changes to the Fund that the Manager believes will better align a number of the Fund s features with its
newly-adopted ETF structure, including a reduction of the management fee, and changes to the Fund s investment strategy, name and distribution policy. None of these expected changes have been finalized, and they remain subject to further
revision by the Manager. In addition, following the Conversion, the Manager will continue to have the ability, without shareholder approval, to make subsequent changes to the operation of the Fund.   
  The Fund is not currently, and after the Conversion will not be, a mutual fund or any other type of investment company within the meaning of the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Until the Conversion occurs, the Fund will continue to operate as currently structured.   
    Results of Operations         The
Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   Fund Share Price       The Fund s shares traded on the NYSE MKT at a price of $9.07 on the close of
business on September 30, 2016. This represents a decrease of 7.64% in share price (not including an assumed reinvestment of distributions) from the $9.82 price at which the shares of the Fund traded on the close of business on June 30,
2016. The high and low intra-day share prices for the quarter were $9.97 (July 12, 2016) and $8.74 (September 28, 2016), respectively. During the quarter, the Fund declared distributions totaling $0.174 per share to shareholders, of which
$0.058 was paid on October 3, 2016. The remainder was paid during the quarter. The Fund s cumulative total return on market value for the quarter, which assumes reinvestment of such distributions, was -5.86%. At September 30, 2016,
shares of the Fund traded at a 5.52% discount to the Fund s net asset value of $9.60 per share.       The Quarter Ended September 30, 2015
  Fund Share Price       The Fund s shares traded on the NYSE MKT at a price of $10.31 on the close of business on September 30, 2015,
a decrease of 13.43% in share price (not including an assumed reinvestment of distributions) from the $11.91 price at which the shares of the Fund traded on the close of business on June 30, 2015. The high and low intra-day share prices for the
quarter were $12.30 (July 2, 2015) and $9.23 (August 24, 2015), respectively. During the quarter, the Fund declared distributions totaling $0.222 per share to shareholders, of which $0.074 was paid on October 1, 2015. The remainder was paid during
the quarter. The Fund s cumulative total return on market value for the quarter, which assumes reinvestment of such distributions, was  -11.60%.  At September 30, 2015, shares of the Fund traded at a 4.36%
discount to the Fund s net asset value of $10.78 per share.       The Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   Net Assets of the Fund
      The Fund s net assets decreased from $91.3 million at June 30, 2016, to $86.8 million at September 30, 2016, a
decrease of $4.5 million. The decrease in the Fund s net assets was due to approximately $1.5 million of distributions to shareholders and a net loss of $3.0 million.      The Fund generated a net loss of $3.0 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, resulting from expenses of $0.5 million, net realized losses of $1.1 million and an increase in
net unrealized depreciation of $1.5 million, offset by interest income of $0.1 million. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Fund s collateral investments generated interest income of $85,483, which represents 0.10%
of average net assets for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   
         27   

Table of Contents  

   The net asset value per share on September 30, 2016, was $9.60. This represents a decrease of 4.95% in
net asset value (not including an assumed reinvestment of distributions) from the $10.10 net asset value as of June 30, 2016. During the quarter, the Fund declared distributions totaling $0.174 per share to shareholders, of which $0.058 was
paid on October 3, 2016. When an assumed reinvestment of these distributions is taken into account, the cumulative total return for the Fund on net asset value was -3.19% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   
   The Quarter Ended September 30, 2015   Net Assets of the Fund       The Fund s net assets decreased from $115.5 million at June 30, 2015, to approximately $97.5 million at September 30, 2015, a decrease of $18.0 million. The decrease in the Fund s net assets was
due to a net loss of $16.0 million, in addition to $2.0 million of distributions to shareholders.      The Fund generated a net loss of $16.0
million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, resulting from net realized losses of $15.0 million, change in net unrealized depreciation of $0.2 million and total expenses of $0.8 million.   
  During the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the Fund s collateral investments generated interest income of $47,524, which represents 0.05% of
average net assets for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.      The net asset value per share on September 30, 2015, was $10.78, a decrease of
15.52% in net asset value (not including an assumed reinvestment of distributions) from the $12.76 net asset value as of June 30, 2015. During the quarter, the Fund declared distributions totaling $0.222 per share to shareholders, of which
$0.074 was paid on October 1, 2015. When an assumed reinvestment of these distributions is taken into account, the cumulative total return for the Fund on net asset value was -13.80% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.   
   The Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   Overall Commodity Market Commentary       After a strong second quarter, the broad commodity market reversed course in the third quarter, falling 3.9% as measured by the Bloomberg Commodity Index (BCOM).   
  Weather drove losses in grain commodities and boosted soft commodities. Corn and wheat prices sank as ideal grain growing conditions in the U.S. boosted
crop yield estimates. Conversely, unfavorable weather in India and Brazil hurt sugar and coffee production expectations, respectively, driving prices higher. Also during the quarter, the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
removed its La Ni a watch for winter 2017, thereby removing some uncertainty and possibly applying downward pressure on prices for grain commodities.      Excess inventory also continued to weigh on the energy and livestock markets. The ongoing supply glut in crude oil dampened prices early in the quarter. But, later in the quarter, the Organization of the
Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) began hinting at, then agreed to, a production cut, which helped petroleum markets to partially recover earlier losses. Livestock, however, suffered a double-digit decline for the quarter, with robust supply of
both cattle and lean hogs driving their futures prices lower.      Currency fluctuations also contributed to commodity price volatility during the
quarter. Speculation on the timing of the U.S. Federal Reserve s (the  Fed ) next interest rate increase drove volatility in the U.S. dollar (in which all of the Fund s commodities are priced), as did the release of key economic
data reports such as payroll, employment and consumer confidence. Shifting sentiment about the U.K. s vote to leave the European Union, known as Brexit, caused U.K. sterling to drop to a 31 year low in early July, then rally when the Bank of
England (BOE) took no action, then fall again when the BOE announced a large stimulus program. Adding to currency volatility during the quarter were concerns about a banking crisis in Italy and the European Central Bank s decision not to extend
its bond buying program.   
         28   

Table of Contents  

   Within the BCOM, the foods and fibers and the industrial metals groups led performance for the quarter. The
livestock and agriculture groups were the weakest performers, with energy posting a modest loss. The precious metals group was flat for the quarter.           The Quarter Ended September 30,       201      5               Overall Commodity Market Commentary   
       Declines were widespread in the broad commodity market during the third quarter of 2015, with all six commodity groups in the BCOM
finishing the quarter lower. Of all of the commodities represented in the BCOM, only five didn t post a loss in excess of 10%, and of those five only lean hogs had a positive return.      The largest group by weight, energy commodities represented 32.6% of the BCOM at the end of the period. The energy group led the BCOM s decline, down 22.4% for the quarter. An ongoing supply glut,
particularly for crude oil, and global macroeconomic worries, especially in China, weighed heavily on energy prices. The finalization of Iran s nuclear deal, which lifts sanctions on oil exports, also disrupted oil markets even though
Iranian exports aren t expected to impact the global oil supply until 2016. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) and Brent crude were the worst-performing individual commodities in the BCOM, falling 27.4% and 26.3%, respectively.   
  Agricultural commodities, as grouped by Gresham, made up 23.1% of the BCOM at the end of the period. The agriculture group sustained double-digit
declines across all of its commodities, which resulted in a 14.1% loss for the group overall. Abundant crop yields in South America, favorable growing conditions in the U.S. Midwest, and weak currencies in Brazil and Argentina continued to put
downward pressure on grain prices.      The precious metals group, which is made up of gold and silver commodities, represented 16.6% of the BCOM
at the end of the period. Precious metals prices were choppy over the quarter, driven by global macroeconomic concerns, fluctuating currencies and the Fed s decision to leave interest rates unchanged at its September meeting. The group fell
5.6% for the quarter. Platinum and palladium, which are held in the Fund s portfolio but not in the BCOM, also had negative performance over the quarter. Platinum prices were further roiled by the Volkswagen emissions scandal in September. The
metal is widely used in diesel engines, and the auto industry consumes roughly 30% of global supply. Investors feared shrinking platinum demand if consumers switched to gasoline or electric vehicles.   
  The commodities in the industrial metals group comprised 15.5% of the BCOM at the end of the period. Industrial metals continued their decline due to
concerns about China s economy. Investors reacted negatively to the country s unexpected currency devaluation and other policy measures taken to try to counteract its slackening growth. Adding to the sector s bearish tone were rumors
of inventory reductions and/or liquidations following the collapse of Swiss mining giant Glencore PLC s stock price. The industrial metals group sank 11.1% for the quarter.      Foods and fibers commodities, as grouped by Gresham, made up a combined 7.4% of the BCOM at the end of the period. For most of the quarter, sugar prices declined due to favorable weather in Brazil, one of
the main sugar producers, boosting supply expectations and the weak Brazilian real. Coffee prices were also hurt by the real s weakness and a supply increase due to timely rainfall in Brazil. Cotton futures also declined over the quarter,
contributing to a 7.6% drop for the foods and fibers group overall.      The livestock group, at 4.8% of the BCOM at the end of the period, is the
smallest group. Lean hogs prices rallied 13.4% and were the only commodity in the BCOM to post a gain in the third quarter. Hot summer weather stifled weight gain in pigs, and U.S. retail demand was strong as pork continued to be cheaper than beef.
However, live cattle prices fell 14.6%, as beef s supply-demand imbalance persisted amid reports of higher carcass weights, price competition from pork, and a strong dollar, which slowed exports and encouraged imports. The overall livestock
group was down 5.4% for the quarter.   
         29   

Table of Contents  

    The Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   Fund Commodity Portfolio Commentary    
  The Fund s commodity portfolio declined 2.8% for the quarter, before considering the expenses of the Fund or the performance of its collateral
portfolio. The overall commodities market, as measured by the BCOM, fell 3.9%. The Fund s total return on net asset value for the same period, which includes the effect of the Fund s expenses and the performance of the collateral portfolio
and assumes reinvestment of the Fund s distributions, was -3.19%.      The Fund writes   that is, sells   covered call options on
its portfolio s commodity futures, seeking to limit return volatility, and to provide cash flow to support the Fund s distributions. Gresham sells exchange-traded commodity call options on up to 50% of the value of each of the Fund s
commodity futures contracts, when those options are deemed to have sufficient trading volume and liquidity. The Fund receives cash premiums in return.      During the quarter the Fund sold options on approximately 50% of the value of each commodity position. The Fund s option-writing activity added to performance for the period, and premiums collected
on call options helped reduce the Fund s volatility versus the BCOM, as measured by the standard deviation of return.      At the commodity
group level, the Fund s absolute return surpassed that of the BCOM in livestock, energy and precious metals, slightly trailed the BCOM in foods and fibers and industrial metals, and performed in line with the BCOM in the agriculture group.
     In the livestock group, the Fund performed better than the BCOM on its live cattle position and to a lesser extent in its lean hogs position
in absolute terms. On a relative basis, however, livestock was a detractor since the Fund s overweight position hurt the portfolio as prices declined in the period. Though the Fund s absolute returns in agriculture were in line with the
BCOM, agriculture was one of the top contributors on a relative basis; the Fund benefitted from underweight positions in the group as prices declined. Within the energy complex, which was the top contributor to Fund performance on a relative basis,
the Fund s largest relative gain was in natural gas, with a small relative outperformance in crude oil. The Fund s positions in platinum and palladium generated positive performance relative to the BCOM within the precious metals group
(the BCOM does not hold platinum and palladium).      The Fund s foods and fibers position, as grouped by Gresham, underperformed the
BCOM s position, with a loss in cocoa (which is not included in the BCOM) overwhelming positive relative performance from cotton and coffee. Underweight sugar hurt on relative basis as prices rose during the period. The Fund s industrial
metals group slightly outperformed the BCOM s group on a relative basis. Relative weakness in nickel and zinc was offset by gains in lead (which is not represented in the BCOM), copper, and aluminum. In addition, zinc, nickel and lead call
options written by the Fund went in-the-money during the quarter and were exercised, reducing the amount of premiums collected by the Fund.   
       The Quarter Ended September 30,       201      5               Fund
Commodity Portfolio Commentary           The Fund s commodity portfolio was down 13.3% for the quarter, before considering the
expenses of the Fund. The overall commodities market, as measured by the BCOM, declined 14.5%. The Fund s total return on net asset value for the same period, which includes the effect of the Fund s expenses and the performance of the
collateral portfolio and assumes reinvestment of the Fund s distributions, was -13.80%.      The Fund writes   that is, sells  
covered call options on its portfolio s commodity futures, seeking to limit return volatility, and to provide cash flow to support the Fund s distributions. Gresham sells exchange-traded commodity call options on up to 50% of the value of
each of the Fund s commodity futures contracts, when those options are deemed to have sufficient trading volume and liquidity. The Fund receives cash premiums in return.      During the quarter, the Fund sold options on approximately 50% of the value of each commodity position. Overall, the Fund s option-writing activity contributed positively to performance for the
period and helped reduce the Fund s volatility versus the BCOM, as measured by the standard deviation of return. Call options   
         30   

Table of Contents  

written on all of the Fund s commodity positions expired out of the money, enabling the Fund to retain all of those premiums.      At the commodity group level, the Fund s positions in agriculture, industrial metals, energy and livestock contributed to relative performance, foods and fibers had a neutral impact, and precious
metals detracted from returns relative to the BCOM, as highlighted below.      The agriculture group added the most to the Fund s relative
returns during the quarter. The Fund s underweight to agricultural commodities as well as outperformance in its soybean, wheat and soybean oil positions were beneficial. Relative gains in the industrial metals group came from the Fund s
larger and more diversified position. The Fund includes London Metal Exchange (LME) copper and lead, which are not represented in the BCOM. Although both of these contracts had negative performance for the quarter, they were among the
better-performing commodities on a relative basis to the BCOM as their losses were smaller than the BCOM s overall decline. In the energy group, the Fund s relative results were boosted by its underweight in natural gas and by its options
strategy. When volatility spiked in September, the Fund collected higher premiums on the crude oil options it wrote, which was advantageous to performance. Driving relative outperformance in the livestock group was the Fund s overweight to lean
hogs, the top-performing commodity in both the Fund and the BCOM for the quarter.      Performance in the foods and fibers group was mixed. While
the Fund s exposure to sugar (New York-traded) was detrimental to relative performance, the loss was offset by small relative gains across the Fund s cotton, coffee and cocoa (cocoa is not represented in the BCOM) positions. The precious
metals group, however, was a meaningful detractor over the quarter. The Fund s underweight allocations to gold and silver were unfavorable to relative returns. Although both gold and silver saw falling prices over the period, their single-digit
losses placed them among the better-performing commodities.       The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Fund Share Price
      The Fund s shares traded on the NYSE MKT at a price of $9.07 on the close of business on September 30, 2016, an increase of
0.55% in share price (not including an assumed reinvestment of distributions) from the $9.02 price at which the shares of the Fund traded on the close of business on December 31, 2015. The high and low
 intra-day  share prices for the nine month period were $9.97 (July 12, 2016) and $7.88 (January 20, 2016), respectively. During the nine month period, the Fund declared distributions totaling $0.522
per share to shareholders, of which $0.058 was paid on October 3, 2016. The remainder was paid during the period. The Fund s cumulative total return on market value for the nine month period, which assumes reinvestment of such
distributions, was 6.49%. At September 30, 2016, shares of the Fund traded at a 5.52% discount to the Fund s net asset value of $9.60 per share.       The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   Fund Share Price       The Fund s shares
traded on the NYSE MKT at a price of $10.31 on the close of business on September 30, 2015, a decrease of 19.64% in share price (not including an assumed reinvestment of distributions) from the $12.83 price at which the shares of the Fund traded on
the close of business on December 31, 2014. The high and low intra-day share prices for the nine month period were $13.00 (January 15, 2015) and $9.23 (August 24, 2015), respectively. During the nine month period, the Fund declared distributions
totaling $0.867 per share to shareholders, of which $0.074 was paid on October 1, 2015. The remainder was paid during the period. The Fund s cumulative total return on market value for the nine month period, which assumes reinvestment of such
distributions, was -13.49%. At September 30, 2015, shares of the Fund traded at a 4.36% discount to the Fund s net asset value of $10.78.   
   The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Net Assets of the Fund       The Fund s net assets increased from $85.6 million at December 31, 2015, to $86.8 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $1.2 million. The increase in the Fund s
net assets was due to net income of $5.9 million offset by $4.7 million of distributions to shareholders.   
         31   

Table of Contents  

   The Fund generated net income of $5.9 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016,
resulting from interest income of $0.2 million, net realized gains of approximately $6.3 million and an increase in net unrealized appreciation of $0.8 million, offset by expenses of $1.4 million. During the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016, the Fund s collateral investments generated interest income of $225,772, which represents 0.26% of average net assets for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016.   
  The net asset value per share on September 30, 2016, was $9.60. This represents an increase of 1.37% in net asset value (not including an assumed
reinvestment of distributions) from the $9.47 net asset value as of December 31, 2015. During the nine month period, the Fund declared distributions totaling $0.522 per share to shareholders, of which $0.058 was paid on October 3, 2016.
When an assumed reinvestment of these distributions is taken into account, the cumulative total return for the Fund on net asset value was 7.09% for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016.   
   The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   Net Assets of the Fund       The Fund s net assets decreased from $123.2 million at December 31, 2014, to $97.5 million at September 30, 2015, a decrease of $25.7 million. The decrease in the Fund s net assets was due to a
net loss of $17.9 million, in addition to $7.8 million of distributions to shareholders.      The Fund generated a net loss of $17.9 million
for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, resulting from interest income of $0.1 million and change in net unrealized appreciation of $9.1 million, offset by expenses of $2.1 million and net realized losses of $25.0 million.   
  During the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, the Fund s collateral investments generated interest income of $109,335, which represents
0.10% of average net assets for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015.      The net asset value per share on September 30, 2015, was
$10.78, a decrease of 20.85% in net asset value (not including an assumed reinvestment of distributions) from the $13.62 net asset value as of December 31, 2014. During the nine month period, the Fund declared distributions totaling $0.867 per share
to shareholders, of which $0.074 was paid on October 1, 2015. When an assumed reinvestment of these distributions is taken into account, the cumulative total return for the Fund on net asset value was -15.13% for the nine month period ended
September 30, 2015.       The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Overall Commodity Market Commentary    
  Commodities broadly delivered positive performance in the nine-month period, up 8.9% as measured by the BCOM. Early in 2016, the broad commodity market
suffered declines amid fears about China s economic deceleration and the ongoing supply glut in oil. In the following months, these concerns lessened, adverse weather conditions provided upside to grain and soft commodity prices, and low global
interest rates and Brexit-related worries spurred renewed demand for gold. The turnaround in sentiment led to a strong rally in nearly every commodity sector during the second quarter. However, the BCOM swung to a modest loss in the third quarter on
bearish news for grain supplies due to a boost in crop yield estimates and waning optimism about the pace of the oil market s rebalancing.   
  Commodity group returns diverged widely over the nine-month period. Within the BCOM, the precious metals and foods and fibers groups posted the largest
gains, followed by the industrial metals group. The energy group appreciated moderately, while agriculture ended the period lower. Robust supply and weakened demand expectations pushed the livestock group considerably lower over the nine-month
period, making it the BCOM s weakest performer for the period.   
         32   

Table of Contents  

        The       Nine       Months Ended
      September       30, 201      5         Overall Commodity Market Commentary           The broad commodity market continued to face significant headwinds, falling 15.8% for the nine-month period, as measured by the BCOM. All sectors in the BCOM posted negative results, with five of the six
sectors declining by double digits.      In the energy group, oversupply conditions persisted, while global macroeconomic uncertainties, led by
worries about China s economy, continued to undermine demand expectations. Despite a 10.9% rally in the second quarter of 2015, the energy group suffered considerable volatility early in 2015 and again in the third quarter to finish the
nine-month period down 20.9%. Crude oil and natural gas were the worst performers, down 26.7% and 23.0% over the period, respectively.   
  Agriculture commodities, as grouped by Gresham, followed a similar trajectory to energy commodities. A turbulent first quarter was followed by a 10.4%
rebound in the second quarter, but expectations for abundant crops and the weakness in Brazil s currency drove grain prices lower during the third quarter. The agriculture group posted a 12.3% loss for the nine-month period.   
  The precious metals group, down 6.8% for the nine-month period, was the best-performing sector in the BCOM. Gold and silver prices remained choppy
throughout the period, amid waning demand, anticipation of rising interest rates in the U.S. and the strength of the U.S. dollar.      Industrial
metals prices were hit hard by China s economic woes and fears of rising inventories. Declines were compounded by periods of aggressive selling of long positions in the marketplace. The group plunged 20.3% for the nine-month period, with nickel
leading the decline with losses exceeding 30% for the nine-month period.      Coffee was the other commodity down more than 30% in the nine-month
period, leading the foods and fibers group, as grouped by Gresham, to an 18.9% loss overall. Sugar also declined sharply over the period. Both coffee and sugar are predominantly produced in Brazil, where favorable weather bolstered expectations for
crop yields, which would in turn contribute to a growing global supply glut. In addition, the weakening Brazilian real made exporting these two commodities more attractive. In contrast, cotton, down 1.5%, was the top-performing individual commodity
for all of the BCOM over the nine-month period.      In the livestock group, both lean hogs and live cattle prices fell by double digits for the
period. Lean hogs futures sustained most of their losses early in the year, as supply outpaced demand, but prices reversed course, rallying strongly in the third quarter, as pork demand accelerated and weight gain in hogs was less than expected
during the summer months. Live cattle prices were choppy, impacted by herd rebuilding continued from last year, cold and rainy weather in the U.S. which hampered weight gain and transport, lower beef demand due to price competition with pork and
poultry, and a slowdown in exports while imports increased. Overall, the livestock      group dropped 16.0% for the period.   
   The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Fund Commodity Portfolio Commentary       The Fund s commodity portfolio rose 8.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, before considering the expenses of the Fund. The overall commodities market, as measured by the BCOM,
advanced 8.9%. The Fund s total return on net asset value for the same period, which includes the effect of the Fund s expenses and the performance of the collateral portfolio and assumes reinvestment of the Fund s distributions, was
7.09%.      The Fund writes   that is, sells   covered call options on its portfolio s commodity futures, seeking to limit return
volatility, and to provide cash flow to support the Fund s distributions. Gresham sells exchange-traded commodity call options on approximately 50% of the value of each of the Fund s commodity futures contracts, when those options are
deemed to have sufficient trading volume and liquidity. The Fund receives cash premiums in return.   
         33   

Table of Contents  

   During the period, the Fund sold options on approximately 50% of the value of each commodity position. The
Fund s option-writing activity had a positive impact on performance for the period, and premiums collected on call options helped reduce the Fund s volatility versus the BCOM, as measured by the standard deviation of return.   
  At the commodity group level, the Fund s commodity portfolio underperformed the BCOM in foods and fibers, precious metals and industrial metals, on
an absolute return basis. Within these groups, the Fund s position in cocoa fell by double-digits (and is not represented in the BCOM) and holdings in gold, nickel and zinc lagged those of the BCOM.   
  The Fund outperformed the BCOM in the energy, livestock and agriculture groups, on an absolute return basis. Within the energy group, the Fund s
performance was led by favorable positioning in crude oil and heating oil. In crude oil, the Fund s allocation to Brent crude was especially advantageous as Brent prices performed strongly during the period. In heating oil, the Fund benefited
from holding two contracts (No. 2 heating oil and gas oil) that both rallied over the period, while the BCOM only holds No. 2 heating oil. Although all livestock commodities and most agriculture commodities posted losses over the nine-month
period, the Fund s positions in live cattle, lean hogs, corn and wheat declined less than the BCOM s positions on an absolute basis. On a relative basis though, livestock detracted from the Fund s performance due to significant
overweight in the group relative to BCOM, which hurt performance due to the group s significant decline during the period.   
       The       Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015         Fund Commodity Portfolio Commentary   
       The Fund s commodity portfolio was down 13.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, before considering the expenses of
the Fund. The overall commodities market, as measured by the BCOM, lost 15.8%. The Fund s total return on net asset value for the same period, which includes the effect of the Fund s expenses and the performance of the collateral portfolio
and assumes reinvestment of the Fund s distributions, was  -15.13%.       The Fund writes   that
is, sells   covered call options on its portfolio s commodity futures, seeking to limit return volatility, and to provide cash flow to support the Fund s distributions. Gresham sells exchange-traded commodity call options on
approximately 50% of the value of each of the Fund s commodity futures contracts, when those options are deemed to have sufficient trading volume and liquidity. The Fund receives cash premiums in return.   
  During the period, the Fund sold options on approximately 50% of the value of each commodity position. The Fund s option-writing activity added to
performance for the period, and premiums collected on call options helped reduce the Fund s volatility versus the BCOM, as measured by the standard deviation of return.      At the commodity group level, the Fund s commodity portfolio outperformed relative to the BCOM on its energy, foods and fibers, industrial metals and agriculture positions, livestock had a nearly
neutral impact, and precious metals detracted from relative performance.      Relative outperformance in the energy group was led by the
Fund s natural gas, WTI crude and heating oil positions, although its Brent crude position slightly diminished relative gains. In the foods and fibers group, the Fund s relative performance benefited from its Arabica coffee and cocoa
exposures. The largest contributors in the industrial metals group were its copper (which includes both LME and COMEX contracts) and nickel position. The agriculture group added to relative performance primarily due to its soybean position.
     Within the livestock group, the added value from the Fund s lean hogs position was offset by relative losses in the live cattle and
feeder cattle exposures, resulting in a nearly neutral impact on relative returns. The precious metals group hurt relative performance, driven mainly by the Fund s underweight in gold.   
         34   

Table of Contents  

    Fund Total Returns       The following table presents selected total returns for the Fund and BCOM as of September 30, 2016. Market value and net asset value total returns are based on the change in market value and net
asset value, respectively, for a share during the period presented. The total returns presented assume the reinvestment of distributions at market value on the distribution payment date for returns based on market value, and at net asset value
on the distribution payment date for returns based on net asset value. The last distribution declared in the period, which is typically paid on the first business day of the following month, is assumed to be reinvested at the market price at the end
of the period for total returns based on market value, and at the net asset value at the end of the period for total returns based on net asset value.       
     Since inception  returns present performance for the period since the Fund s commencement of operations
on September 27, 2010.      Returns represent past performance, which is no guarantee of future performance.   
   Distributions       The Fund makes regular
monthly distributions to its shareholders stated in terms of a fixed cents per share distribution rate. The Manager seeks to establish a distribution rate that, among other factors, roughly corresponds to its projections of the total return that
could reasonably be expected to be generated by the Fund over an extended period of time. The Fund s projected or actual distribution rate is not a prediction of what the Fund s actual total returns will be over any specific future period.
     The Fund s ability to make distributions will depend on a number of factors, including, most importantly, the long-term total returns
generated by the Fund s commodity investments and the gains generated through the Fund s options strategy. The Fund s actual financial performance will likely vary significantly from month-to-month and from year-to-year, and there may
be periods, perhaps of extended durations of up to several years, when the distribution rate exceeds the Fund s actual total returns. In the event that the amount of income earned or capital gains realized by the Fund is not sufficient to cover
the Fund s distributions, the Fund may be required to liquidate investments to fund distributions at times or on terms that could be disadvantageous to the Fund and its shareholders.      Because the Fund s investment performance since its inception has not been sufficient to cover the distributions made, the Fund has effectively been drawing upon its assets to meet payments
prescribed by its distribution policy. The Fund also has paid fees and expenses that have also been drawn from the Fund s assets.      As
market conditions and portfolio performance may change, the rate of distributions on the shares and the Fund s distribution policy could change. The Manager reserves the right to change the Fund s distribution policy and the basis for
establishing the rate of its monthly distributions, or may temporarily suspend or reduce distributions without a change in policy, at any time and may do so without prior notice to shareholders. The reduction or elimination of the Fund s
distributions could have the effect of increasing the Manager s management fees.   
         35   

Table of Contents  

     Commodity Portfolio Composition and Weightings     
  The table below presents the composition and weightings of the Fund s TAP PLUS   SM    strategy (Gresham s long-only rules-based investment strategy,
which uses futures and forward contracts to gain exposure to commodities and options to enhance the Fund s risk-adjusted total return) and the BCOM as of September 30, 2016. The table below serves as a guide to how the composition and
weightings of the Fund s TAP PLUS   SM    investment
strategy compared to that of the BCOM, a leading commodity market benchmark, as of September 30, 2016.       
 
         36   

Table of Contents  

     Liquidity and Capital Resources        The Fund pursues its investment objective by taking long positions in commodity futures contracts and writing commodity call options as part of an integrated program designed to enhance the risk-adjusted
total return of the Fund s commodity investments. The Fund s investment activity in futures contracts and writing commodity call options does not require a significant outlay of capital. The Fund currently expects to post approximately 10%
to 25% of its net assets in a margin account with the Fund s clearing broker to cover its futures contracts; the remaining assets are held by the Fund in a separate collateral pool managed by the Collateral Sub-adviser. The Fund believes the
higher allocation to initial margin will provide a significant buffer to accommodate variations in the required margin posting that may result from market volatility, potential gains and losses on the contracts, and changes in margin rules, and will
minimize the frequency of cash transfers from the Fund s other collateral pool to meet variation margin requirements. The Fund does not intend to utilize leverage and its commodity contract positions are fully collateralized. Ordinary expenses
and distributions are met by cash on hand, although distributions may at times consist of return of capital and may require that the Fund liquidate investments. The Fund earns interest on its continuing investments in cash equivalents, U.S.
government securities and other short-term, high-grade debt securities. The Fund also generates cash from the premiums it receives when writing call options on the Fund s futures contracts.   
  The Fund s investments in commodity futures contracts and options on commodity futures contracts may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of
market conditions, regulatory considerations and other reasons. For example, commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in certain commodity futures contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as  daily limits.  During a
single day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once the price of a futures contract for a particular commodity has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the futures contract can neither
be taken nor liquidated unless the traders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. Commodity futures prices have occasionally moved to the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading. Such market conditions could
prevent the Fund from promptly liquidating its commodity futures positions.      The Fund s shares trade on the NYSE MKT and shares are not
redeemed by the Fund in the normal course of business (although the Manager may decide to do so at its discretion), thereby alleviating the need for the Fund to have liquidity available for possible shareholder redemptions. On December 21,
2011, the Fund announced the adoption of an open-market share repurchase program, pursuant to which it is authorized to repurchase an aggregate of up to 10% of its outstanding common shares as of the authorization date in open-market transactions.
On March 6, 2014, the Fund reauthorized its share repurchase program, pursuant to which it may repurchase up to 10% of its outstanding common shares as of the reauthorization date (approximately 920,000 shares) in open-market transactions, at
the Manager s discretion. Refer to  Part II Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  in this Report for details of repurchase activity, if any, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
     The Fund is unaware of any other trends, demands, conditions or events, other than the proposed Conversion, that are reasonably likely to
result in material changes to the Fund s liquidity needs.      Because the Fund invests in commodity futures contracts, its capital is at
risk from changes in the value of these contracts (market risk) or the inability of clearing brokers or counterparties to perform under the terms of the contracts (credit risk).        Market Risk        Investing in commodity futures and forward contracts involves the Fund
entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell a particular commodity at a specified date and price. The market risk associated with the Fund s commitments to purchase commodities will be limited to the gross or face amount of the
contracts held.      The Fund s exposure to market risk may be influenced by a number of factors, including changes in international balances
of payments and trade, currency devaluations and revaluations, changes in interest and foreign currency   
         37   

Table of Contents  

exchange rates, price volatility of commodity futures and forwards contracts and market liquidity, weather, geopolitical events and other factors. These factors also affect the Fund s
investments in options on commodity futures and forward contracts. The inherent uncertainty of the Fund s investments as well as the development of drastic market occurrences could ultimately lead to a loss of all, or substantially all, of
investors  capital.        Credit Risk        The Fund may be exposed to credit risk from its investments in commodity futures and forward contracts and options on commodity futures and forward contracts resulting from the clearing house associated
with a particular exchange failing to meet its obligations to the Fund. In general, clearing houses are backed by their corporate members who may be required to share in the financial burden resulting from the nonperformance of one of their members,
which should significantly reduce this credit risk. In cases where the clearing house is not backed by the clearing members (i.e., as in some foreign exchanges), it may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. There can be
no assurance that any counterparty, clearing member or clearing house will meet its obligations to the Fund.      The Fund attempts to minimize
market risks, and the Commodity Sub-adviser attempts to minimize credit risks, by abiding by various investment limitations and policies, which include limiting margin accounts, investing only in liquid markets and permitting the use of stop-loss
orders. The Commodity Sub-adviser implements procedures which include, but are not limited to:       

Employing the options strategy to limit directional risk (although there is no guarantee that the Fund s options strategy will be successful);

Executing and clearing trades only with counterparties the Commodity Sub-adviser believes are creditworthy;      

Limiting the amount of margin or premium required for any one commodity contract or all commodity contracts combined; and      

Generally limiting transactions to contracts which are traded in sufficient volume to permit the efficient taking and liquidating of positions.
        A commodity broker, when acting as the Fund s futures commission merchant, is required by Commodity Futures Trading
Commission ( CFTC ) regulations to separately account for and segregate all assets of the Fund relating to domestic futures investments. A commodity broker is not allowed to commingle such assets with other assets of the commodity broker.
In addition, CFTC regulations also require a commodity broker, when acting as the Fund s futures commission merchant, to hold in a  secured  account the assets of the Fund related to foreign commodity futures investments and not
commingle such assets with assets of the commodity broker.      If the Fund purchases over-the-counter ( OTC ) commodity put options,
the Fund will be exposed to credit risk that the counterparty to the contract will not meet its obligations. In cases where the Fund purchases OTC commodity put options with a counterparty, the sole recourse of the Fund will be the financial
resources of the counterparty to the transaction since there is no clearing house to assume the obligations of the counterparty.      As it
relates to the Fund s assets held as collateral for its investments in commodity futures and forwards contracts, there is credit risk present in the securities used to invest the Fund s cash. While these consist of cash equivalents, U.S.
government securities and other short-term, high-grade debt securities, like any investment, these too would be affected by any credit difficulties that might be experienced by their issuers.        Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements        As of September 30, 2016, the Fund has not utilized,
nor does it expect to utilize in the future, special purpose entities to facilitate off-balance sheet financing arrangements and has no loan guarantee arrangements or off-  
         38   

Table of Contents  

balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements entered into in the normal course of business, which may include indemnification provisions related to certain risks service providers
undertake in performing services which are in the best interests of the Fund. While the Fund s exposure under such indemnification provisions cannot be estimated, these general business indemnifications are not expected to have a material
impact on the Fund s financial position.        Contractual Obligations        The Fund s contractual obligations are with the Manager, the Collateral Sub-adviser, the Commodity Sub-adviser, the custodian, the transfer agent, the commodity broker and, to the extent that the
Fund enters into OTC transactions, dealers. Management fee payments made to the Manager are calculated as a percentage of the Fund s net assets. The custodian fee is primarily based on the Fund s assets and trading activity. The transfer
agent fee is calculated based on the Fund s total number of registered accounts. Commission payments to the commodity broker are on a contract-by-contract or round-turn basis, and payments to forward contract dealers are usually based on a fee
or percentage of the notional value of the contract. The Manager cannot anticipate the amount of payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods, as these payments are based on figures which are not known until a future
date. Additionally, these agreements may be terminated by either party for various reasons.        Critical Accounting Policies
       The Fund s critical accounting policies are as follows:   

Preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates and assumptions. The Fund s application of these policies involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used.

The Fund holds a significant portion of its assets in futures contracts, options contracts, and short-term, high-grade debt instruments, all of which
are recorded on a trade date basis and recognized at fair value in the financial statements, with changes in fair value reported on the Statements of Operations as change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation).      

The use of fair value to measure financial instruments, with related unrealized appreciation (depreciation) recognized in earnings in each period, is
fundamental to the Fund s financial statements.          

The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date.          

Generally, commodity futures and forward contracts and options on commodity futures and forward contracts traded on an exchange will be valued at the
final settlement price or official closing price as determined by the principal exchange on which the instruments are traded as supplied by independent pricing services. OTC commodity futures and forward contracts and options on commodity futures
and forward contracts not traded on an exchange will be valued, in order of hierarchy, by independent pricing services, price quotations obtained from counterparty broker-dealers, or through fair valuation methodologies as determined by the Manager.

Market quotations for exchange-traded commodity futures and forward contracts and options on commodity futures and forward contracts may not be readily
available as a result of significant events, which can include, but are not limited to: trading halts or suspensions, market disruptions, or the absence of market makers willing to make a market in such instruments. In addition, events may occur
after the close of the market, but prior to the determination of the Fund s net asset value, which may affect the values of the Fund s investments. In such circumstances, the Manager will determine a fair valuation for such investments
that in its opinion is reflective of fair market value.      
         39   

Table of Contents  

Realized gains (losses) on closed positions and changes in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on open positions are determined on a specific
identification basis and recognized in the Statements of Operations during the period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur, respectively.      

Interest income, which reflects the amortization of premiums and includes accretion of discounts for financial reporting purposes, is recorded on an
accrual basis.         Refer to note 2 of the Fund s Notes to Financial Statements in  Part 1 Item 1. Financial
Statements  of this Report for the summary of significant accounting policies of the Fund.   
         40   

Table of Contents  

41   

Item 3.   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk           Quantitative Disclosure        The Fund is exposed to commodity price risk through the
futures and forward contracts and the options on futures and forward contracts that the Fund invests in as part of its investment strategy. These instruments have been entered into for trading purposes. The following table provides information about
the Fund s futures contracts and options on futures contracts, which are sensitive to changes in commodity prices, as of September 30, 2016. The Fund expects to invest only in long futures contracts. Some short futures positions arise in
futures contracts traded on the London Metal Exchange ( LME ) solely as the result of closing existing long LME futures positions. For every short LME futures contract held by the Fund, the Fund had previously entered into a long futures
contract. As of September 30, 2016, the Fund has not invested in forward contracts.       Futures Contracts    

Table of Contents  

    Futures Contracts (Continued)          
 
         42   

Table of Contents  

    Commodity Call Options Written    

CBOT  
      
  Chicagao Board of Trade   
 
  CEC  
      
  Commodities Exchange Center   
 
  CME  
      
  Chicago Mercantile Exchange   
 
  COMEX  
      
  Commodities Exchange, Inc.   
 
  ICE  
      
  Intercontinental Exchange   
 
  KCBT  
      
  Kansas City Board of Trade   
 
  LIFFE  
      
  London International Financial Futures Exchange   
 
  LME  
      
  London Metal Exchange   
 
  NY Harbor ULSD  
      
  New York Harbor Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel   
 
  NYMEX  
      
  New York Mercantile Exchange   
 
  RBOB  
      
  Reformulated Gasoline Blendstock for Oxygen Blending   
 
         43   

Table of Contents  

   The Fund also invests the assets held as collateral for its investments in commodity futures and forward
contracts in cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, and other short-term, high-grade debt securities, which exposes the Fund to interest rate risk. These instruments are deemed to be entered into for non-trading purposes, with an emphasis on
current income, liquidity and preservation of capital. As of September 30, 2016, the Fund held U.S. Treasury bills worth $71,523,784 with a total par value of $71,600,000 and a repurchase agreement worth $1,292,455.   
    Qualitative Disclosure        The
Fund s primary trading risk exposure is commodity price risk, which affects the futures contracts and options on futures contracts in which the Fund invests. There are numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks associated with these
investments (as discussed in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Fund s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Part II Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Fund s subsequent quarterly reports on Form  10-Q,  filed with the SEC) which include, but are not limited to, government interventions, defaults and expropriations, adverse weather conditions, commodity supply factors, illiquid markets, the emergence of
dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market participants, and increased regulation. Investors may lose all or substantially all of their investment in the Fund.   
  The Fund invests in a diversified portfolio of commodity futures and forward contracts to obtain broad exposure to all principal groups in the global
commodity markets, thereby limiting its exposure to the commodity price risk of any one futures contract or any specific commodity group. To further help manage commodity price risk, the Fund uses its options strategy in an attempt to enhance the
Fund s risk-adjusted total returns. In up markets, the portion of the Fund on which call options have been sold will forego potential appreciation in the value of the underlying contracts to the extent the price of those contracts exceeds the
exercise price of options written plus the premium collected by writing the call options. In flat or sideways markets, the portion of the Fund on which call options have been sold will generate current gains from the premium collected by writing the
call options. In down markets, the Fund will experience declines in the value of the underlying contracts to the extent that the amount of the decline in the value of the underlying contracts exceeds the option premium collected by writing the call
options. There can be no assurance that the Fund s options strategy will be successful. The Fund s risk-adjusted returns over any particular period may be positive or negative.      The Fund s primary non-trading risk exposures are interest rate risk and credit risk related to the collateral portfolio. Interest rate risk is mitigated by the short-term nature of the collateral
portfolio s debt securities. Credit risk is mitigated by the fact that the collateral portfolio s debt securities (other than U.S. government securities) are rated at the highest applicable rating as determined by at least one nationally
recognized statistical rating organization ( NRSRO ) or, if unrated, judged by the Collateral Sub-adviser to be of comparable quality.       

Item 4.   
   Controls and Procedures           Disclosure
Controls and Procedures        Under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial
officer of the Manager of the Fund, the Manager has evaluated the effectiveness of the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ).
Based upon that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Fund files or submits to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms,
and that it is accumulated and communicated to the management of the Manager as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.   
         44   

Table of Contents  

     Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting     
  There were no changes in the Fund s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that
occurred during the reporting period covered by this Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Fund s internal control over financial reporting.   
         45   

Table of Contents  

    PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item  1.   
   Legal Proceedings         None.   

Item  1A.   
   Risk Factors         There have been no changes
to the Risk Factors since last reported on Part I, Item 1A of the Fund s annual report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC.       

Item  2.   
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds         a) None.      b) The Fund did not issue new shares within the nine month period ended on September
30, 2016.      c) On December 21, 2011, the Fund adopted an open-market share repurchase program pursuant to which it was authorized to repurchase
an aggregate of up to 10% of its outstanding common shares (approximately 920,000 shares) in open-market transactions at the Manager s discretion. On March 6, 2014, the Fund reauthorized its share repurchase program, pursuant to which it
may repurchase an aggregate of up to 10% of its outstanding common shares as of the reauthorization date (approximately 920,000 shares). During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Fund did not repurchase any shares. A cumulative
total of 220,000 shares have been repurchased through the repurchase program described above. No shares have been repurchased outside of the program described.       

Item  3.   
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities         None.

Item  4.   
   Mine Safety Disclosures         Not applicable.

Item  5.   
   Other Information         None.   

Item 6.   
   Exhibits          
 
         46   

Table of Contents  

101.SCH  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.CAL  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   

101.PRE  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   

47   

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Chicago, State of Illinois, on November 8, 2016.        

Nuveen Diversified Commodity Fund   

By:   
     
  Nuveen Commodities Asset Management, LLC, its Manager   

By: /s/ William Adams IV   

President  
  (Principal Executive Officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      Nuveen Commodities Asset
Management, LLC      Manager of Registrant       

/s/  William Adams IV   

President  
  (Principal Executive Officer)      November 8,
2016    

/s/ Stephen D. Foy   

Chief Financial Officer     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)      November 8, 2016    
 
         48   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d235843dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1        CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER        PURSUANT TO RULE  13a-14(a)  or RULE  15d-14(a),  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    
   SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       I, William Adams IV, certify that:       

1.  
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form  10-Q  of Nuveen Diversified Commodity Fund;     

2.  
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;         

3.  
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;         

4.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.  
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b.  
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c.  
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and         

d.  
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):         

a.  
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and         

b.  
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.        Date: November 8, 2016    

/s/ William Adams IV   
 
  William Adams IV   
 
     President   
   (Principal Executive Officer)     
 
        Nuveen Commodities Asset Management, LLC, Manager of the
registrant    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d235843dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2        CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER        PURSUANT TO RULE  13a-14(a)  or RULE  15d-14(a),  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    
   SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       I, Stephen D. Foy, certify that:       

1.  
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form  10-Q  of Nuveen Diversified Commodity Fund;     

2.  
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;         

3.  
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;         

4.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.  
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b.  
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c.  
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and         

d.  
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):         

a.  
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and         

b.  
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.        Date: November 8, 2016    

/s/ Stephen D. Foy   
 
  Stephen D. Foy   
 
     Chief Financial Officer   
   (Principal Financial Officer)       
  Nuveen Commodities Asset Management, LLC, Manager of the registrant    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d235843dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1        CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER        PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,        AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO        SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form  10-Q  for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ) of Nuveen Diversified Commodity Fund (the  Fund ) and pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as President of the Manager of the Fund, hereby certifies, that to his knowledge:   

(2)  
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Fund.
       Dated as of this 8   th    day of November, 2016.    

/s/ William Adams IV   
 
  William Adams IV   
 
       President   
   (Principal Executive Officer)       
  Nuveen Commodities Asset Management, LLC, Manager of the registrant    
 
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Fund and will be
retained by the Fund and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d235843dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2        CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER        PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,        AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO        SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form  10-Q  for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ) of Nuveen Diversified Commodity Fund (the  Fund ) and pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Financial Officer of the Manager of the Fund, hereby certifies, that to his knowledge:   

(2)  
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Fund.
       Dated as of this 8   th    day of November, 2016.   

/s/ Stephen D. Foy   
 
    Stephen D. Foy      Chief
Financial Officer       (Principal Financial Officer)       
  Nuveen Commodities Asset Management, LLC, Manager of the registrant    
 
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Fund and will be
retained by the Fund and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cfd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cfd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cfd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cfd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cfd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cfd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

