<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1522787_0001477932-16-013796_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>771736</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72461</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>67352</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>107971</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>244585</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>259957</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013796.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161122172135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013796
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyberfort Software, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001522787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				383832726
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54929
		FILM NUMBER:		162014122

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		388 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-295-4507

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		388 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1300
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Patriot Berry Farms, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GAIA REMEDIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110608

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013796.txt : 20161122

10-Q/A
 1
 pbfi_10qa.htm
 FORM 10-Q/A
 
   pbfi_10qa.htm            
 
        UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-Q/A         x  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934      For the quarterly period ended:  September 30, 2016       OR        o  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934      For the transition period from __________ to __________      Commission File No. 333-174894                CYBERFORT SOFTWARE, INC.          (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                388 Market Street, Suite 1300     San Francisco, CA 94111    (Address of principal executive offices)       (415) 295 4507    (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)       Patriot Berry Farms, Inc.    (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No  o      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Sec.232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. Yes  o  No  x      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:             Large accelerated filer     o     Accelerated filer     o       Non-accelerated filer     o     Smaller reporting company     x          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No  x      As of November 22, 2016, there were 85,478,459 shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock.       

EXPLANATORY NOTE      The purpose of this Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is to submit Exhibit 101 in accordance with Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. Exhibit 101 consists of the Interactive Data Files relating to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Other than this Explanatory Note, no other changes were made to this Report.     In addition, the Company is providing Exhibits 10.1 -10.4 to the Form 10-Q.     No other changes have been made to the Form 10-Q. This Amendment to the Form 10-Q speaks as of the original filing date of the Form 10-Q, does not reflect events that may have occurred subsequent to the original filing date, and does not modify or update in any way disclosures made in the original Form 10-Q.            Item 6. Exhibits.       (a) Exhibits         __________                  SIGNATURES      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                      Cyberfort Software, Inc.                      Date: November 22, 2016    By:     /s/ Daniel Cattlin                Daniel Cattlin               President (Principal Executive Officer) and  Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer)                     

<EX-10.1>
 2
 pbfi_ex101.htm
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT
 
   pbfi_ex101.htm      EXHIBIT 10.1       CONSULTING AGREEMENT      This Consulting Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made as of this 28 th  day of September, 2016 (the  Effective Date ) by and between Krishna Kumar, an individual residing at ________________(the  Consultant ), and Patriot Berry Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation with an office at 388 Market Street, Suite 1300, San Francisco, CA 94111 (the  Company ).     WHEREAS, Consultant has substantial expertise that may be useful to the Company, which the Company desires to obtain;     WHEREAS, the Company desires Consultant to act in the role of Technology Development Manager and provide certain consulting services to the Company and Consultant is agreeable to performing such services for the Company;     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter stated, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:     1. APPOINTMENT.     The Company hereby engages Consultant to provide, and Consultant hereby agrees to render, the Services (as defined herein) to the Company as a consultant upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.     2. TERM.     The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue annually until terminated or extended in accordance with the provisions contained herein or by a subsequent agreement between the parties hereto (the  Term ).     3. SERVICES.     During the Term of this Agreement, Consultant shall assist the Company in certain Development Management activities, including, but not limited to, the conducting of research to improve the technological assets of a company. Assist in post deal integration of new technologies. Development and directing of networking safeguards to reduce the risk of outside breaches and protect sensitive internal and external client information. Evaluates new technology and makes recommendations on technological solutions. Directs the development and possible implementation of policies in instances of a breach, also known as disaster recovery plans (collectively, the  Services ). Consultant shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein, the Consultant shall not be deemed an officer or director of the Company.           4. DUTIES OF THE COMPANY.     The Company shall provide Consultant, on a regular and timely basis, with all approved data and information about it, its subsidiaries, its management, its products and services and its operations as shall be reasonably requested by Consultant, and shall advise Consultant of any facts which would affect the accuracy of any data and information previously supplied pursuant to this Section. The Company shall promptly supply Consultant with full and complete copies of all financial reports; all filings with all federal and state securities agencies; all data and information supplied by any financial analyst; and all brochures or other sales materials relating to the Company s products or services.      5. COMPENSATION.     As of the Effective Date, the Company agrees to issue the Consultant the following as consideration for the Services rendered:     (a) The Company shall issue the Consultant a total of two hundred thousand (200,000). shares of common stock per annum to be distributed as follows; fifty thousand (50,000) shares within seven days from the Effective Date, fifty thousand (50,000) shares within six months from the Effective Date and one hundred thousand (100,000) shares within one year from the execution of the Effective Date.      (b) As further described in Section 10(a) of this Agreement, the Company may decide to terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason. In the event the Company decides to terminate this Agreement without Cause (as defined herein), all compensation due hereunder shall be paid on the date of said termination.      6. COSTS AND EXPENSES.     Consultant, in providing the Services, shall not be responsible for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs, including, without limitation, travel, lodging, telephone, postage and overnight delivery charges; provided that Consultant obtains prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, prior to incurring such expenses. Consultant shall provide the Company with a detailed accounting of monthly expenses incurred pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Payment for these expenses shall be made to Consultant in accordance with the Company s policy for reimbursements.     7. INDEMNIFICATION.     (a) The Company hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and shall hold harmless Consultant, and defend any action brought against Consultant with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, debt or liability, including reasonable attorneys  fees, to the extent that such action is based upon a claim that (i) is true and (ii) (A) would constitute a breach of any of the Company's representations, warranties, or agreements hereunder, (B) arises out of the negligence or willful misconduct of the Company, or (C) is based on any information provided by the Company s content that violates any rights of third parties, including, without limitation, rights of publicity, privacy, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and/or licenses. The Company agrees that it will not prosecute any action or proceeding against Consultant except where such claim is materially and substantially based on the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Consultant.            (b) Consultant hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and shall hold harmless the Company, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, consultants, representatives and agents, and defend any action brought against same, with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, or liability, including reasonable attorneys' fees, to the extent that such an action arises out of (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Consultant or (ii) unlawful conduct.     (c) In claiming indemnification hereunder, the indemnified party shall promptly provide the indemnifying party written notice of any claim that the indemnified party reasonably believes falls within the scope of the foregoing paragraphs. The indemnified party may, at its expense, assist in the defense if it so chooses, provided that the indemnifying party shall control such defense, and all negotiations relative to the settlement of any such claim. Any settlement intended to bind the indemnified party shall not be final without the indemnified party's written consent.     8. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUS AND OTHER BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES.     It is understood and agreed that Consultant will for all purposes hereof be deemed to be an independent contractor and will not, unless otherwise expressly authorized by the Company, have any authority to act for or represent the Company in any way, execute any transaction or document on behalf of the Company or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Company. No federal, state or local withholding deductions will be withheld from any amounts owed by the Company to Consultant hereunder unless otherwise required by law.     Subject to Consultant s obligations and duties, Consultant may, without limitation, (i) engage in the same or similar activities or lines of business as the Company or its subsidiaries or develop or market any products or services that compete, directly or indirectly, with those of the Company and its subsidiaries; provided that Consultant does not use in any manner any Confidential Information (as defined herein) of the Company in doing so, (ii) invest or own any interest publicly or privately in, or develop a business relationship with, any person engaged in the same or similar activities or lines of business as, or otherwise in competition with, the Company or its subsidiaries; provided that Consultant does not use in any manner any Confidential Information of the Company in doing so; or (iii) do business with any current or former client or customer of the Company or its subsidiaries; provided that such activity does not encourage or influence such client or customer to discontinue, reduce or decline any new business opportunity with the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have any right by virtue of this Agreement in or to, or to be offered, any opportunity to participate or invest in, any venture engaged in by Consultant or any right by virtue of this Agreement in or to any income or profits derived therefrom.           9. CONFIDENTIALITY.     Consultant acknowledges that in providing the Services hereunder, Consultant will be privy to Confidential Information of the Company and its subsidiaries. As used in this Agreement,  Confidential Information  of the Company means all trade practices, business plans, price lists, supplier lists, customer lists, marketing plans, financial information, software and all other information or compilations thereof which relate to the business of the Company, or to any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and which have not been disclosed by the Company to the public, or which are not otherwise generally available to the public.     Consultant acknowledges that the Confidential Information of the Company, as such may exist from time to time, are valuable, confidential, special and unique assets of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, expensive to produce and maintain, and essential for the profitable operation of their respective businesses. Consultant agrees that, during the Term, or at any time thereafter, it shall not, and shall cause his employees, agents and representatives to not, directly or indirectly, communicate, disclose or divulge to any person or entity, or use for its benefit or the benefit of any person or entity, in any manner, any Confidential Information of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates acquired during the Term or any other confidential information concerning the conduct and details of the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, except as required in the course of the performance of the Services hereunder or as otherwise may be required by law.      The Company agrees that it will not disclose, and will not include in any public announcement, the name of Consultant, unless expressly agreed to by Consultant or unless and until such disclosure is required by law or applicable regulation, and then only to the extent of such requirement.      10. MISCELLANEOUS.     (a) Termination. Subsequent to, and no less than ninety (90) days after the execution of this Agreement, either party hereto may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) business days  prior written notice to the other party. Termination of this Agreement shall cause Consultant to cease providing Services under this Agreement; however, termination for any reason whatsoever shall not decrease or eliminate the compensatory obligations of the Company as outlined in Section 5 of this Agreement.     (b) Modification. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended only in writing signed by both parties hereto.     (c) Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed or otherwise delivered in person at the address of such party set forth in the preamble thereof or to such other address or facsimile telephone number as the party shall have furnished in writing to the other party in accordance with the terms of this subparagraph (c).           (d) Waiver. Any waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of that provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement. The failure of a party hereto to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more occasions will not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon adherence to such term of any other term of this Agreement.     (e) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the balance of this Agreement shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person, circumstance or jurisdiction, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons, circumstances and jurisdictions.     (f) Disagreements. Any dispute, disagreement, conflict of interpretation or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or its enforcement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Consultant and the Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit themselves and their property to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of the State of New York and any appellate court thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agree that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in New York, or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referenced. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices herein. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). If either party hereto shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, court costs incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.      (g) Counterparts. Each party hereto may sign identical counterparts of this Agreement with the same effect as if both parties signed the same document. A copy of this Agreement signed by one party hereto and delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission to the other party shall have the same effect as the delivery of an original of this Agreement containing the original signature of such party.     [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the parties as of the date first above written.                           Name:               Title: Chief Executive Officer                              

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 pbfi_ex102.htm
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT
 
   pbfi_ex102.htm      EXHIBIT 10.2       CONSULTING AGREEMENT      This Consulting Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made as of this 28 th  day of September, 2016 (the  Effective Date ) by and between Tomas Mistrik (the  Consultant ), and Patriot Berry Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation with an office at 388 Market Street, Suite 1300, San Francisco, CA 94111 (the  Company ).     WHEREAS, Consultant has substantial expertise that may be useful to the Company, which the Company desires to obtain;     WHEREAS, the Company desires Consultant to act in the role of Chief Technology Officer and provide certain consulting services to the Company and Consultant is agreeable to performing such services for the Company;     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter stated, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:     1. APPOINTMENT.     The Company hereby engages Consultant to provide, and Consultant hereby agrees to render, the Services (as defined herein) to the Company as a consultant upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.     2. TERM.     The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue annually, until terminated or extended in accordance with the provisions contained herein or by a subsequent agreement between the parties hereto (the  Term ).     3. SERVICES.     During the Term of this Agreement, Consultant shall assist the Company in certain Chief Technology Officer activities, including, but not limited to, protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company s data and servers. Identify and implement technology trends and platforms. Communicate the company s technology strategy to management and staff. Evaluate and recommend technologies. Establish email service. Assist Corporate Development Officer in overseeing graphic designer's efforts to create a company corporate identity and website. Conduct code reviews and specification conformance testing. Establish an application deployment process. Integrate customer service and support with the software engineering process to support resolution of customer issues and improve application usability (collectively, the  Services ). Consultant shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein, the Consultant shall not be deemed an officer or director of the Company.            4. DUTIES OF THE COMPANY.     The Company shall provide Consultant, on a regular and timely basis, with all approved data and information about it, its subsidiaries, its management, its products and services and its operations as shall be reasonably requested by Consultant, and shall advise Consultant of any facts which would affect the accuracy of any data and information previously supplied pursuant to this Section. The Company shall promptly supply Consultant with full and complete copies of all financial reports; all filings with all federal and state securities agencies; all data and information supplied by any financial analyst; and all brochures or other sales materials relating to the Company s products or services.      5. COMPENSATION.     As of the Effective Date, the Company agrees to pay Consultant the following as consideration for the Services rendered:     (a) The Company shall issue the Consultant a total of two hundred thousand (200,000). Shares of common stock per annum to be distributed as follows; fifty thousand (50,000) shares within seven days from the Effective Date, fifty thousand (50,000) shares within six months from the Effective Date and one hundred thousand (100,000) shares within one year from the execution of the Effective Date.      (b) As further described in Section 10(a) of this Agreement, the Company may decide to terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason. In the event the Company decides to terminate this Agreement without Cause (as defined herein), all compensation due hereunder shall be paid on the date of said termination.      6. COSTS AND EXPENSES.     Consultant, in providing the Services, shall not be responsible for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs, including, without limitation, travel, lodging, telephone, postage and overnight delivery charges; provided that Consultant obtains prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, prior to incurring such expenses. Consultant shall provide the Company with a detailed accounting of monthly expenses incurred pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Payment for these expenses shall be made to Consultant in accordance with the Company s policy for reimbursements.     7. INDEMNIFICATION.     (a) The Company hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and shall hold harmless Consultant, and defend any action brought against Consultant with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, debt or liability, including reasonable attorneys  fees, to the extent that such action is based upon a claim that (i) is true and (ii) (A) would constitute a breach of any of the Company's representations, warranties, or agreements hereunder, (B) arises out of the negligence or willful misconduct of the Company, or (C) is based on any information provided by the Company s content that violates any rights of third parties, including, without limitation, rights of publicity, privacy, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and/or licenses. The Company agrees that it will not prosecute any action or proceeding against Consultant except where such claim is materially and substantially based on the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Consultant.            (b) Consultant hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and shall hold harmless the Company, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, consultants, representatives and agents, and defend any action brought against same, with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, or liability, including reasonable attorneys' fees, to the extent that such an action arises out of (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Consultant or (ii) unlawful conduct.     (c) In claiming indemnification hereunder, the indemnified party shall promptly provide the indemnifying party written notice of any claim that the indemnified party reasonably believes falls within the scope of the foregoing paragraphs. The indemnified party may, at its expense, assist in the defense if it so chooses, provided that the indemnifying party shall control such defense, and all negotiations relative to the settlement of any such claim. Any settlement intended to bind the indemnified party shall not be final without the indemnified party's written consent.     8. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUS AND OTHER BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES.     It is understood and agreed that Consultant will for all purposes hereof be deemed to be an independent contractor and will not, unless otherwise expressly authorized by the Company, have any authority to act for or represent the Company in any way, execute any transaction or document on behalf of the Company or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Company. No federal, state or local withholding deductions will be withheld from any amounts owed by the Company to Consultant hereunder unless otherwise required by law.     Subject to Consultant s obligations and duties, Consultant may, without limitation, (i) engage in the same or similar activities or lines of business as the Company or its subsidiaries or develop or market any products or services that compete, directly or indirectly, with those of the Company and its subsidiaries; provided that Consultant does not use in any manner any Confidential Information (as defined herein) of the Company in doing so, (ii) invest or own any interest publicly or privately in, or develop a business relationship with, any person engaged in the same or similar activities or lines of business as, or otherwise in competition with, the Company or its subsidiaries; provided that Consultant does not use in any manner any Confidential Information of the Company in doing so; or (iii) do business with any current or former client or customer of the Company or its subsidiaries; provided that such activity does not encourage or influence such client or customer to discontinue, reduce or decline any new business opportunity with the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have any right by virtue of this Agreement in or to, or to be offered, any opportunity to participate or invest in, any venture engaged in by Consultant or any right by virtue of this Agreement in or to any income or profits derived therefrom.     9. CONFIDENTIALITY.     Consultant acknowledges that in providing the Services hereunder, Consultant will be privy to Confidential Information of the Company and its subsidiaries. As used in this Agreement,  Confidential Information  of the Company means all trade practices, business plans, price lists, supplier lists, customer lists, marketing plans, financial information, software and all other information or compilations thereof which relate to the business of the Company, or to any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and which have not been disclosed by the Company to the public, or which are not otherwise generally available to the public.           Consultant acknowledges that the Confidential Information of the Company, as such may exist from time to time, are valuable, confidential, special and unique assets of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, expensive to produce and maintain, and essential for the profitable operation of their respective businesses. Consultant agrees that, during the Term, or at any time thereafter, it shall not, and shall cause his employees, agents and representatives to not, directly or indirectly, communicate, disclose or divulge to any person or entity, or use for its benefit or the benefit of any person or entity, in any manner, any Confidential Information of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates acquired during the Term or any other confidential information concerning the conduct and details of the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, except as required in the course of the performance of the Services hereunder or as otherwise may be required by law.      The Company agrees that it will not disclose, and will not include in any public announcement, the name of Consultant, unless expressly agreed to by Consultant or unless and until such disclosure is required by law or applicable regulation, and then only to the extent of such requirement.      10. MISCELLANEOUS.     (a) Termination. Subsequent to, and no less than ninety (90) days after the execution of this Agreement, either party hereto may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) business days  prior written notice to the other party. Termination of this Agreement shall cause Consultant to cease providing Services under this Agreement; however, termination for any reason whatsoever shall not decrease or eliminate the compensatory obligations of the Company as outlined in Section 5 of this Agreement.     (b) Modification. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended only in writing signed by both parties hereto.     (c) Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed or otherwise delivered in person at the address of such party set forth in the preamble thereof or to such other address or facsimile telephone number as the party shall have furnished in writing to the other party in accordance with the terms of this subparagraph (c).     (d) Waiver. Any waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of that provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement. The failure of a party hereto to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more occasions will not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon adherence to such term of any other term of this Agreement.           (e) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the balance of this Agreement shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person, circumstance or jurisdiction, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons, circumstances and jurisdictions.     (f) Disagreements. Any dispute, disagreement, conflict of interpretation or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or its enforcement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Consultant and the Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit themselves and their property to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of the State of New York and any appellate court thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agree that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in New York, or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referenced. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices herein. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). If either party hereto shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, court costs incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.      (g) Counterparts. Each party hereto may sign identical counterparts of this Agreement with the same effect as if both parties signed the same document. A copy of this Agreement signed by one party hereto and delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission to the other party shall have the same effect as the delivery of an original of this Agreement containing the original signature of such party.     [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the parties as of the date first above written.                           Name:               Title: Chief Executive Officer                              

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 pbfi_ex103.htm
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT
 
   pbfi_ex103.htm      EXHIBIT 10.3       CONSULTING AGREEMENT      This Consulting Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made as of this 30 th  day of September, 2016 (the  Effective Date ) by and between Greg Drazenovic (the  Consultant ), and Patriot Berry Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation with an office at 388 Market Street, Suite 1300, San Francisco, CA 94111 (the  Company ).     WHEREAS, Consultant has substantial expertise that may be useful to the Company, which the Company desires to obtain;     WHEREAS, the Company desires Consultant to act in the role of Corporate Development Officer and provide certain consulting services to the Company and Consultant is agreeable to performing such services for the Company;     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter stated, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:     1. APPOINTMENT.     The Company hereby engages Consultant to provide, and Consultant hereby agrees to render, the Services (as defined herein) to the Company as a consultant upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.     2. TERM.     The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue for a term of one year and shall be a rolling contract, until terminated or extended in accordance with the provisions contained herein or by a subsequent agreement between the parties hereto (the  Term ).     3. SERVICES.     During the Term of this Agreement, Consultant shall assist the Company in certain Corporate Development activities, including, but not limited to, developing strategic business plan and roadmaps for growth. Assisting in acquisitions, including setting objectives, sourcing, funding, negotiation and post deal integration. Regular evaluation and monitoring of the existing business (collectively, the  Services ). Consultant shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein, the Consultant shall not be deemed an officer or director of the Company.            4. DUTIES OF THE COMPANY.     The Company shall provide Consultant, on a regular and timely basis, with all approved data and information about it, its subsidiaries, its management, its products and services and its operations as shall be reasonably requested by Consultant, and shall advise Consultant of any facts which would affect the accuracy of any data and information previously supplied pursuant to this Section. The Company shall promptly supply Consultant with full and complete copies of all financial reports; all filings with all federal and state securities agencies; all data and information supplied by any financial analyst; and all brochures or other sales materials relating to the Company s products or services.      5. COMPENSATION.     As of the Effective Date, the Company agrees to pay Consultant the following as consideration for the Services rendered:     (a) The Company shall issue the Consultant a total of two hundred thousand (200,000). Shares of common stock per annum to be distributed as follows; one hundred thousand (100,000) shares within seven days from the Effective Date, fifty thousand (50,000) shares within three months from the Effective Date and fifty thousand (50,000) shares within six months from the execution of the Effective Date.      (b) As further described in Section 10(a) of this Agreement, the Company may decide to terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason. In the event the Company decides to terminate this Agreement without Cause (as defined herein), all compensation due hereunder shall be paid on the date of said termination.      6. COSTS AND EXPENSES.     Consultant, in providing the Services, shall not be responsible for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs, including, without limitation, travel, lodging, telephone, postage and overnight delivery charges; provided that Consultant obtains prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, prior to incurring such expenses. Consultant shall provide the Company with a detailed accounting of monthly expenses incurred pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Payment for these expenses shall be made to Consultant in accordance with the Company s policy for reimbursements.     7. INDEMNIFICATION.     (a) The Company hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and shall hold harmless Consultant, and defend any action brought against Consultant with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, debt or liability, including reasonable attorneys  fees, to the extent that such action is based upon a claim that (i) is true and (ii) (A) would constitute a breach of any of the Company's representations, warranties, or agreements hereunder, (B) arises out of the negligence or willful misconduct of the Company, or (C) is based on any information provided by the Company s content that violates any rights of third parties, including, without limitation, rights of publicity, privacy, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and/or licenses. The Company agrees that it will not prosecute any action or proceeding against Consultant except where such claim is materially and substantially based on the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Consultant.            (b) Consultant hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and shall hold harmless the Company, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, consultants, representatives and agents, and defend any action brought against same, with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, or liability, including reasonable attorneys' fees, to the extent that such an action arises out of (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Consultant or (ii) unlawful conduct.     (c) In claiming indemnification hereunder, the indemnified party shall promptly provide the indemnifying party written notice of any claim that the indemnified party reasonably believes falls within the scope of the foregoing paragraphs. The indemnified party may, at its expense, assist in the defense if it so chooses, provided that the indemnifying party shall control such defense, and all negotiations relative to the settlement of any such claim. Any settlement intended to bind the indemnified party shall not be final without the indemnified party's written consent.     8. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUS AND OTHER BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES.     It is understood and agreed that Consultant will for all purposes hereof be deemed to be an independent contractor and will not, unless otherwise expressly authorized by the Company, have any authority to act for or represent the Company in any way, execute any transaction or document on behalf of the Company or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Company. No federal, state or local withholding deductions will be withheld from any amounts owed by the Company to Consultant hereunder unless otherwise required by law.     Subject to Consultant s obligations and duties, Consultant may, without limitation, (i) engage in the same or similar activities or lines of business as the Company or its subsidiaries or develop or market any products or services that compete, directly or indirectly, with those of the Company and its subsidiaries; provided that Consultant does not use in any manner any Confidential Information (as defined herein) of the Company in doing so, (ii) invest or own any interest publicly or privately in, or develop a business relationship with, any person engaged in the same or similar activities or lines of business as, or otherwise in competition with, the Company or its subsidiaries; provided that Consultant does not use in any manner any Confidential Information of the Company in doing so; or (iii) do business with any current or former client or customer of the Company or its subsidiaries; provided that such activity does not encourage or influence such client or customer to discontinue, reduce or decline any new business opportunity with the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have any right by virtue of this Agreement in or to, or to be offered, any opportunity to participate or invest in, any venture engaged in by Consultant or any right by virtue of this Agreement in or to any income or profits derived therefrom.     9. CONFIDENTIALITY.     Consultant acknowledges that in providing the Services hereunder, Consultant will be privy to Confidential Information of the Company and its subsidiaries. As used in this Agreement,  Confidential Information  of the Company means all trade practices, business plans, price lists, supplier lists, customer lists, marketing plans, financial information, software and all other information or compilations thereof which relate to the business of the Company, or to any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and which have not been disclosed by the Company to the public, or which are not otherwise generally available to the public.           Consultant acknowledges that the Confidential Information of the Company, as such may exist from time to time, are valuable, confidential, special and unique assets of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, expensive to produce and maintain, and essential for the profitable operation of their respective businesses. Consultant agrees that, during the Term, or at any time thereafter, it shall not, and shall cause his employees, agents and representatives to not, directly or indirectly, communicate, disclose or divulge to any person or entity, or use for its benefit or the benefit of any person or entity, in any manner, any Confidential Information of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates acquired during the Term or any other confidential information concerning the conduct and details of the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, except as required in the course of the performance of the Services hereunder or as otherwise may be required by law.      The Company agrees that it will not disclose, and will not include in any public announcement, the name of Consultant, unless expressly agreed to by Consultant or unless and until such disclosure is required by law or applicable regulation, and then only to the extent of such requirement.      10. MISCELLANEOUS.     (a) Termination. Subsequent to, and no less than ninety (90) days after the execution of this Agreement, either party hereto may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) business days  prior written notice to the other party. Termination of this Agreement shall cause Consultant to cease providing Services under this Agreement; however, termination for any reason whatsoever shall not decrease or eliminate the compensatory obligations of the Company as outlined in Section 5 of this Agreement.     (b) Modification. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended only in writing signed by both parties hereto.     (c) Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed or otherwise delivered in person at the address of such party set forth in the preamble thereof or to such other address or facsimile telephone number as the party shall have furnished in writing to the other party in accordance with the terms of this subparagraph (c).     (d) Waiver. Any waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of that provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement. The failure of a party hereto to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more occasions will not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon adherence to such term of any other term of this Agreement.     (e) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the balance of this Agreement shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person, circumstance or jurisdiction, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons, circumstances and jurisdictions.           (f) Disagreements. Any dispute, disagreement, conflict of interpretation or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or its enforcement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Consultant and the Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit themselves and their property to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of the State of New York and any appellate court thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agree that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in New York, or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referenced. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices herein. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). If either party hereto shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, court costs incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.      (g) Counterparts. Each party hereto may sign identical counterparts of this Agreement with the same effect as if both parties signed the same document. A copy of this Agreement signed by one party hereto and delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission to the other party shall have the same effect as the delivery of an original of this Agreement containing the original signature of such party.     [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the parties as of the date first above written.                           Name:               Title:                              

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 pbfi_ex104.htm
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT
 
   pbfi_ex104.htm      EXHIBIT 10.4       CONSULTING AGREEMENT      This Consulting Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made as of this 30 th  day of September, 2016 (the  Effective Date ) by and between Harish Doddala (the  Consultant ), and Patriot Berry Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation with an office at 388 Market Street, Suite 1300, San Francisco, CA 94111 (the  Company ).     WHEREAS, Consultant has substantial expertise that may be useful to the Company, which the Company desires to obtain;     WHEREAS, the Company desires Consultant to act in the role of Advisor (aka Senior Consultant) and provide certain consulting services to the Company and Consultant is agreeable to performing such services for the Company;     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter stated, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:     1. APPOINTMENT.     The Company hereby engages Consultant to provide, and Consultant hereby agrees to render, the Services (as defined herein) to the Company as a consultant upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.     2. TERM.     The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue annually, until terminated or extended in accordance with the provisions contained herein or by a subsequent agreement between the parties hereto (the  Term ).     3. SERVICES.     During the Term of this Agreement, Consultant shall assist the Company in certain Advisor activities, including, but not limited to, working with CEO and team to work on   perfect current projects. Represent the company and assist with the procurement of other IPs (collectively, the  Services ). Consultant shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein, the Consultant shall not be deemed an officer or director of the Company.           4. DUTIES OF THE COMPANY.     The Company shall provide Consultant, on a regular and timely basis, with all approved data and information about it, its subsidiaries, its management, its products and services and its operations as shall be reasonably requested by Consultant, and shall advise Consultant of any facts which would affect the accuracy of any data and information previously supplied pursuant to this Section. The Company shall promptly supply Consultant with full and complete copies of all financial reports; all filings with all federal and state securities agencies; all data and information supplied by any financial analyst; and all brochures or other sales materials relating to the Company s products or services.      5. COMPENSATION.     As of the Effective Date, the Company agrees to pay Consultant the following as consideration for the Services rendered:     (a) The Company shall issue the Consultant a total of two hundred thousand (200,000). Shares of common stock per annum to be distributed as follows; fifty thousand (50,000) shares within seven days from the Effective Date, fifty thousand (50,000) shares within six months from the Effective Date and one hundred thousand (100,000) shares within one year from the execution of the Effective Date.      (b) As further described in Section 10(a) of this Agreement, the Company may decide to terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason. In the event the Company decides to terminate this Agreement without Cause (as defined herein), all compensation due hereunder shall be paid on the date of said termination.      6. COSTS AND EXPENSES.     Consultant, in providing the Services, shall not be responsible for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs, including, without limitation, travel, lodging, telephone, postage and overnight delivery charges; provided that Consultant obtains prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, prior to incurring such expenses. Consultant shall provide the Company with a detailed accounting of monthly expenses incurred pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Payment for these expenses shall be made to Consultant in accordance with the Company s policy for reimbursements.     7. INDEMNIFICATION.     (a) The Company hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and shall hold harmless Consultant, and defend any action brought against Consultant with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, debt or liability, including reasonable attorneys  fees, to the extent that such action is based upon a claim that (i) is true and (ii) (A) would constitute a breach of any of the Company's representations, warranties, or agreements hereunder, (B) arises out of the negligence or willful misconduct of the Company, or (C) is based on any information provided by the Company s content that violates any rights of third parties, including, without limitation, rights of publicity, privacy, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and/or licenses. The Company agrees that it will not prosecute any action or proceeding against Consultant except where such claim is materially and substantially based on the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Consultant.            (b) Consultant hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and shall hold harmless the Company, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, consultants, representatives and agents, and defend any action brought against same, with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, or liability, including reasonable attorneys' fees, to the extent that such an action arises out of (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Consultant or (ii) unlawful conduct.     (c) In claiming indemnification hereunder, the indemnified party shall promptly provide the indemnifying party written notice of any claim that the indemnified party reasonably believes falls within the scope of the foregoing paragraphs. The indemnified party may, at its expense, assist in the defense if it so chooses, provided that the indemnifying party shall control such defense, and all negotiations relative to the settlement of any such claim. Any settlement intended to bind the indemnified party shall not be final without the indemnified party's written consent.     8. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUS AND OTHER BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES.     It is understood and agreed that Consultant will for all purposes hereof be deemed to be an independent contractor and will not, unless otherwise expressly authorized by the Company, have any authority to act for or represent the Company in any way, execute any transaction or document on behalf of the Company or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Company. No federal, state or local withholding deductions will be withheld from any amounts owed by the Company to Consultant hereunder unless otherwise required by law.     Subject to Consultant s obligations and duties, Consultant may, without limitation, (i) engage in the same or similar activities or lines of business as the Company or its subsidiaries or develop or market any products or services that compete, directly or indirectly, with those of the Company and its subsidiaries; provided that Consultant does not use in any manner any Confidential Information (as defined herein) of the Company in doing so, (ii) invest or own any interest publicly or privately in, or develop a business relationship with, any person engaged in the same or similar activities or lines of business as, or otherwise in competition with, the Company or its subsidiaries; provided that Consultant does not use in any manner any Confidential Information of the Company in doing so; or (iii) do business with any current or former client or customer of the Company or its subsidiaries; provided that such activity does not encourage or influence such client or customer to discontinue, reduce or decline any new business opportunity with the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have any right by virtue of this Agreement in or to, or to be offered, any opportunity to participate or invest in, any venture engaged in by Consultant or any right by virtue of this Agreement in or to any income or profits derived therefrom.     9. CONFIDENTIALITY.     Consultant acknowledges that in providing the Services hereunder, Consultant will be privy to Confidential Information of the Company and its subsidiaries. As used in this Agreement,  Confidential Information  of the Company means all trade practices, business plans, price lists, supplier lists, customer lists, marketing plans, financial information, software and all other information or compilations thereof which relate to the business of the Company, or to any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and which have not been disclosed by the Company to the public, or which are not otherwise generally available to the public.           Consultant acknowledges that the Confidential Information of the Company, as such may exist from time to time, are valuable, confidential, special and unique assets of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, expensive to produce and maintain, and essential for the profitable operation of their respective businesses. Consultant agrees that, during the Term, or at any time thereafter, it shall not, and shall cause his employees, agents and representatives to not, directly or indirectly, communicate, disclose or divulge to any person or entity, or use for its benefit or the benefit of any person or entity, in any manner, any Confidential Information of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates acquired during the Term or any other confidential information concerning the conduct and details of the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, except as required in the course of the performance of the Services hereunder or as otherwise may be required by law.      The Company agrees that it will not disclose, and will not include in any public announcement, the name of Consultant, unless expressly agreed to by Consultant or unless and until such disclosure is required by law or applicable regulation, and then only to the extent of such requirement.      10. MISCELLANEOUS.     (a) Termination. Subsequent to, and no less than ninety (90) days after the execution of this Agreement, either party hereto may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) business days  prior written notice to the other party. Termination of this Agreement shall cause Consultant to cease providing Services under this Agreement; however, termination for any reason whatsoever shall not decrease or eliminate the compensatory obligations of the Company as outlined in Section 5 of this Agreement.     (b) Modification. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended only in writing signed by both parties hereto.     (c) Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed or otherwise delivered in person at the address of such party set forth in the preamble thereof or to such other address or facsimile telephone number as the party shall have furnished in writing to the other party in accordance with the terms of this subparagraph (c).     (d) Waiver. Any waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of that provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement. The failure of a party hereto to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more occasions will not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon adherence to such term of any other term of this Agreement.     (e) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the balance of this Agreement shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person, circumstance or jurisdiction, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons, circumstances and jurisdictions.           (f) Disagreements. Any dispute, disagreement, conflict of interpretation or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or its enforcement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Consultant and the Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit themselves and their property to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of the State of New York and any appellate court thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agree that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in New York, or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referenced. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices herein. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). If either party hereto shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, court costs incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.      (g) Counterparts. Each party hereto may sign identical counterparts of this Agreement with the same effect as if both parties signed the same document. A copy of this Agreement signed by one party hereto and delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission to the other party shall have the same effect as the delivery of an original of this Agreement containing the original signature of such party.     [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the parties as of the date first above written.                           Name:               Title: Chief Executive Officer                        

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 pbfi_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   pbfi_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1       CERTIFICATION OF    PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND    PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER    PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE    SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Daniel Cattlin, certify that:             1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Cyberfort Software, Inc.                 2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;                 3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;                 4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                   a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;                   b)    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                   c)    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;                   d)    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarterly report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;                 5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):                   a)    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                   b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.                          Cyberfort Software, Inc.                    Date: November 22, 2016    By:     /s/ Daniel Cattlin                Daniel Cattlin               President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 pbfi_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   pbfi_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION OF    PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND    PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER    PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE    SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cyberfort Software, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Daniel Cattlin, Principal Executive Officer, and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:               (1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                   (2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                          Cyberfort Software, Inc.                    Date: November 22, 2016    By:     /s/ Daniel Cattlin                Daniel Cattlin               President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director                      (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)               

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 pbfi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pbfi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 pbfi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 pbfi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 pbfi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 pbfi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

