<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161013_10-K_edgar_data_1335493_0001213900-16-017493_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4963048</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183616</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>315206</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1035740</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1957775</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1366891</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>86</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017493.hdr.sgml : 20161013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013163008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017493
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Provision Holding, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001335493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD AUDIO & VIDEO EQUIPMENT [3651]
		IRS NUMBER:				200754724
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-127347
		FILM NUMBER:		161935225

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9253 ETON AVENUE,
		CITY:			CHATSWORTH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91311
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(818) 775-1624

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9253 ETON AVENUE,
		CITY:			CHATSWORTH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91311

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MailTec, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050805

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017493.txt : 20161013

10-K
 1
 f10k2016_provisionholding.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For
the fiscal year ended:  June 30, 2016   

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

9253
Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, California   

  (Address
of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code)  

(818)
775-1624   

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  None   

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:  

   Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share   

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   Yes    No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.   Yes    No  

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes    No  

Indicate
by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by checkmark if registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer 
and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
          
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes    No  

As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate market
value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $5,647,334 based on a closing price of
$0.084 per share of common stock as quoted on the OTC Markets on such date.  On October 12, 2016, we had 96,286,227
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ) issued and outstanding.  

Table
of Contents   

Page   
 
       PART
    I    

Item
    1.  
      Business.  
      3   

Item
    1A.  
      Risk
    Factors.  
      7   

Item
    1B.  
      Unresolved
    Staff Comments.  
      7   

Item
    2.  
      Properties.  
      7   

Item
    3.  
      Legal
    Proceedings.  
      7   

Item
    4.  
      (Removed
    and Reserved).  
      7   

PART
    II    

Item
    5.  
      Market
    for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  
      8   

Item
    6.  
      Selected
    Financial Data.  
      9   

Item
    7.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
      9   

Item
    7A.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
      18   

Item
    8.  
      Financial
    Statements and supplementary Data.  
      18   

Item
    9.  
      Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  
      18   

Item
    9A.  
      Controls
    and Procedures.  
      18   

Item
    9B.  
      Other
    Information.  
     19    

PART
    III    

Item
    10.  
      Directors,
    Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance.  
      19   

Item
    11.  
      Executive
    Compensation.  
      22   

Item
    12.  
      Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  
      22   

Item
    13.  
      Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  
      22   

Item
    14.  
      Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services.  
      22   

PART
    IV    

Item
    15.  
      Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules.  
      23   

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS   

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are  forward-looking statements  regarding the plans and objectives
of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause actual results, performance or achievements of Provision Holding, Inc. to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein
are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The Company's plans and objectives are based,
in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments
with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of
which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Although the
Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove
inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate.
In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the
current state of our operations, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person
that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the factors set forth herein under the headings
 Description of Business . We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements
unless required by law.  

PART
I   

Business
History and Overview   

Provision
Holding, Inc. and its subsidiary, Provision Interactive Technologies, Inc. ( Provision ), is a purveyor of intelligent
interactive 3D holographic display technologies, software, and integrated solutions for both commercial and consumer focused applications.
Provision's 3D holographic display systems projects full color, high resolution videos into space detached from the screen, without
any special glasses. Provision is currently a market leader in true 3D consumer advertising display products.  

We
are focused on the development and distribution of our patented three-dimensional, holographic interactive video displays focused
at grabbing and holding consumer attention particularly and initially in the advertising and product merchandising markets. The
systems display a moving 3D image size to forty inches in front of the display, projecting a digital video image out into space
detached from any screen, rendering truly independent floating images featuring high definition and crisp visibility from far
distances. The nearest comparable to this technology can be seen in motion pictures such as Star Wars and Minority Report, where
objects and humans are represented through full-motion holograms. In addition to selling the hardware for our patented three-dimensional,
holographic interactive video displays, we are building our business into a digital media company offering advertising on a network
of our 3D holographic video displays and integrating them into Provision s 3D Savings Center kiosks.  

We
have a limited operating history upon which an investor can evaluate our business prospects, which makes it difficult to forecast
our future operating results, in light of the risks, uncertainties and problems frequently encountered by companies with limited
operating histories. These include, but are not limited to, competition, the need to develop customers and market expertise, market
conditions, sales, and marketing and governmental regulation.  

We
were incorporated in Nevada under the name MailTec, Inc. on February 9, 2004. Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
February 14, 2008, which was amended and restated on February 27, 2008 (as amended and restated, the  Agreement ),
MailTec, Inc. with ProVision Merger Corp., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Subsidiary )
and Provision Interactive Technologies, Inc., a California corporation ( ProVision ), the Subsidiary merged into ProVision,
and ProVision became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As consideration for the merger of the Subsidiary into ProVision,
the Company issued 20,879,350 shares of the Company s common stock to the shareholders, creditors, and certain warrant
holders of ProVision, representing approximately 86.5% of the Company s aggregate issued and outstanding common stock, and
the outstanding shares and debt, and those warrants whose holders received shares of the Company s common stock, of ProVision
were transferred to the Company and cancelled. Effective February 28, 2008, pursuant to the Agreement, ProVision became a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. At the time of the reverse acquisition, MailTec was not engaged in any active business.  

Our
corporate headquarters are located in Chatsworth, California and our phone number is (818) 775-1624.  

Products
and Services   

We
believe we are well positioned to capitalize on advertisers  demands as ProVision s HoloVision  display and
3D Savings Center kiosks offer advertisers and customers an opportunity to reach a highly sought-after, captive audience outside
the home, in familiar settings like grocery stores, malls, convenience stores, gas stations, banks and other retail locations.
We reach the consumer and business professional at the critical time - when they are away from their homes and businesses and
when they are making their buying decisions.  

ProVision
is marketing our patented three-dimensional, holographic interactive video display and is also developing and marketing several
new point-of-purchase, and other devices, tailored to specific industries with major international companies or readying to begin
shortly; including the medical, entertainment, government and home markets. ProVision s floating image display technologies
have multiple potential market applications across a broad spectrum of industries. In addition to hardware sales, we are initially
focusing our efforts on the point-of-purchase and advertising markets.  

ProVision s
HoloVision  display can be used for a number of applications, including:  

Retail   
         
       Education   
         
       Medical   
         
       Entertainment   
         
       Consumer    
 
      Drug
    Stores / Convenience Stores  
         
      Primary
    / Secondary Schools  
         
      Doctors
    / Dentist Offices  
         
      Slot
    Machines, Pachinko  
         
      Home
    Game Consoles   
 
      Grocery
    Stores  
         
      Universities  
         
      Hospitals  
         
      Casinos  
         
      Computer
    Monitors   
 
      Banking  
         
      Museums  
         
      Imaging  
         
      Lottery  
         
      TV   
 
      Fast
    Food  
         
      Libraries  

Movie
    Theaters  
         
      Cell
    Phones   
 
      Hotels
    / Hospitality  
         
      Science
    Centers  

Video
    Games  

Electronics  

Theme
    Parks  

The
projected and estimated economic model for retail stores utilizing a kiosk application is (on a per machine basis):  

The
monthly operating profit per machine would be reduced by the financing costs, such as a lease of the machine or funding through
a joint venture such as Pro Dava 3D.  

Business
Development   

Launching
our first products into grocery stores and retail pharmacies, we have developed a new patented application. Known as the  3D
Savings Center , this ProVision device projects 3D video advertisements and allows consumers to print coupons as well as
receive non-cash awards. The 3D Savings Center kiosk provides consumer product goods companies and other advertisers with a new
way of promoting their products at the point of purchase, where consumers are making 70% (seventy percent) of their buying decisions.  

We
tested our concept in Fred Meyer Stores, a division of The Kroger, Co., installing 3D Savings Center kiosks in the Pacific Northwest.
We received advertising placements from some of the largest manufacturers in the country, including Unilever, Proctor   Gamble,
Johnson   Johnson, BIC and Kimberly Clark. The Company has published a case study of this successful market trial which is
available from the Company.  

We have now aligned a retail chain, a hardware
purchaser to buy 3D Savings Center kiosks to install into the retail chain and advertising agencies to sell ads for the 3D Savings
Center kiosks and expect to generate significant revenue from hardware sales and advertising sales in the year ended June 30,
2017. 

Rite
Aid Pharmacies    

We
plan to build, own, and operate networks of 3D Savings Center kiosks.  In April 2013 we had an agreement with Rite Aid Pharmacies
( Rite Aid ) to install 3D Savings Centers kiosks in all participating Rite Aid stores throughout the United States.
We successfully completed the pilot test phase with nine stores in Los Angeles, and have completed the manufacturing of, and received
payment for, the first 200 3D Savings Center kiosks in March 2015. The Company began shipping the first 200 kiosks to be installed
in stores at the end of March 2015, with installation and deployment continuing through October 2015. We commenced operations
in these stores in June 2015 and started producing limited advertising revenue during the same fiscal quarter. With the successful
incorporation of Rite Aid s wellness and loyalty program, now known as  Plenti  onto the 3D Savings Center kiosks
in New York and Los Angeles, we have installed approximately 700 kiosks in Rite Aid s top 10 demographic markets, and made
plans for additional 300 Rite Aid stores in calendar year 2016. The Company will earn advertising revenue from advertisements
in Rite Aid.  

ProDava
3D    

On
June 30, 2014 the Company entered into an agreement with DB Dava, LLC ( DB ) to help the Company launch the 3D network
in Rite Aid. The agreement creates a newly-formed entity, ProDava 3D, LLC ( ProDava 3D ), to purchase Provision s
3D Savings Center kiosks for placement into Rite Aid stores. ProDava 3D may purchase up to $50 million in 3D Savings Center kiosks.
The agreement calls for an initial purchase of $2 million of 3D Savings Center kiosks in the fiscal year ending in June 30, 2015.
The Company will generate revenues and gross profit from the sale of machines to ProDava 3D during the fiscal year ended June
30, 2017. The Company will also will earn advertising revenue from advertisements in Rite Aid earned by ProDava 3D.  

ProDava
3D is purchasing 3D Savings Center kiosks, manufactured by Provision. These will be placed in high traffic aisles of nationally
recognized retail stores, initially Rite Aid, with advertisements of consumer packaged products, other consumer goods manufacturers
along with local/regional advertisers. Ad sales inventory will include marquee 3D hologram images, coupons, and other rewards
and transactions of products sold in the stores (focused on new product introductions).  

Provision s
contribution to ProDava 3D includes Provision s know-how, management, and its agreement with the national retail pharmacy
that will be the first target for the 3D Savings Center kiosk launch. Provision will be responsible for manufacturing, installation,
service, maintenance, technical support, network management, advertising, marketing, and accounting of each 3D Savings Center
kiosk for the joint venture. Provision will be compensated for rendering and performing all of these services. The advertising
and other revenues generated from the 3D Savings Center kiosks will be divided among Provision and DB.  

For the year ended June 30,
2016 total revenue includes $4,929,346 respectively revenue from a related party. Also, total unearned revenue as of June 30, 2016
of $3,419,616 includes $2,453,159 advance payments for sales orders received from a related party.  

Lifestyle
Ventures LLC    

The
Company also received a $900,000 deposit from Lifestyle Ventures LLC for the purchase and marketing of Provision s 3D Savings
Center kiosk to be installed in approved retail store chains.  Lifestyle Ventures LLC is required to deposit an additional
$1.1 million with an option to increase its investment up to $20 million.   

Other
Business Arrangements    

The
Company has signed a Master Collaboration Agreement with Intel Corporation to identify and collaborate on certain technical
and marketing activities as contained in the agreement. Collaboration includes joint technical development and marketing
activities as determined by the two companies.  

The
Company has signed a Master Service Agreement with Fujifilm Corporation to provide to Company and its customers with installation
and maintenance serves to the Company s 3D Savings Center Kiosks inside Rite Aid retail stores.  

Competition   

Currently,
Provision s competition is no other 3D companies that may exist in the marketplace, but traditional advertising media like
television, radio, newspapers and magazines.  We also compete with companies that operate outdoor and Digital Out-Of-Home
(DOOH) advertising media networks that can be seen at malls, gas stations, and retailers containing traditional 2D (two dimensional)
TV screens or flat screens. We also compete for overall advertising spending with other alternative advertising media companies,
such as Internet, billboard and public transport advertising companies.  

The
competition for ProVision s patented (issued, approved and pending) and proprietary 3D floating image holographic technology
includes alternative 3D displays currently in the marketplace:  

Employees   

As
of June 30, 2016 we have three employees. None of our employees is represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any work
stoppages and we consider relations with our employees to be good. The company also uses independent contractors to support administration,
marketing, sales and field support activities.  

Research
and Development   

Research
and Development Activities   

At
present, Provision s patents and patent applications are supplemented by substantial intellectual property we are currently
protecting as trade secrets and proprietary know-how. This includes matter related to all product lines. We expect to file additional
patent applications on a regular basis in the future.  

We believe that Provision s
intellectual property and expertise constitutes an important competitive resource, and we continue to evaluate the markets and
products that are most appropriate to exploit this expertise. In addition, we maintain an active program of intellectual property
protection, both to assure that the proprietary technology developed by us is appropriately protected and, where necessary, to
assure that there is no infringement of Provision s proprietary technology by competitive technologies. 

For the years ended June
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred $311,798 and $127,001, respectively for research and development expense which are included
in the consolidated statements of operations. Our research and development expense is primarily related to employees and contractors
that provide specialized services. 

Intellectual Property  

ProVision s floating
image display systems project full-motion 3D digital streaming media 9 - 40  into space detached from
the display unit into free space and should not be confused with autostereoscopic systems. Autostereoscopic 3D systems produced
by various firms  layer two or more LCD screens, or lenticular lens based screens, while utilizing filters and collumnators
to provide the illusion of depth perception. Such systems are only capable of displaying digital content attached to
layered screens with all images being contained within the actual display unit. Due to the inherent nature of this technology approach
the end result of their product line results in the following characteristics: eye strain, nausea, low resolution, low brightness
and poor quality imagery, all resulting in poor/low customer acceptance. The cost to produce custom and special content for these
screens are excessively expensive and time consuming becoming a major hurdle to overcome for mass adoption. Their major advantage
might be characterized by their  flat screens  and slightly wider viewing angles, however consumer acceptance has been
limited due to the limitations and poor visual experience. Companies attempting to launch these screens include 3D Magnetec, Alisoscopy,
Tridelity, and 3D Fusion. Companies that have tried to launch these types of screens, and have failed or ceased operations, include:
Phillips, Sharp, and Newsight. 

The following table summarizes
the status of ProVision patents and trademarks, as of the date hereof, in each instance, ProVision owns all right, title and interest,
and no licenses, security interests, or other encumbrances have been granted on such patents and trademarks. 

At present, our patents are
supplemented by substantial intellectual property we are currently protecting as trade secrets and proprietary know-how. This includes
matter related to all product lines. We expect to file additional patent applications on a regular basis in the future. 

We believe that our intellectual
property and expertise constitutes an important competitive resource, and we continue to evaluate the markets and products that
are most appropriate to exploit this expertise. In addition, we maintain an active program of intellectual property protection,
both to assure that the proprietary technology developed by us is appropriately protected and, where necessary, to assure that
there is no infringement of our proprietary technology by competitive technologies. 

We rely on a combination
of patent, patent pending, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, proprietary rights agreements and non-disclosure agreements
to protect our intellectual properties. We cannot give any assurance that these measures will prove to be effective in protecting
our intellectual properties. We also cannot give any assurance that our existing patents will not be invalidated, that any patents
that we currently or prospectively apply for will be granted, or that any of these patents will ultimately provide significant
commercial benefits. Further, competing companies may circumvent any patents that we may hold by developing products which closely
emulate but do not infringe our patents. While we intend to seek patent protection for our products in selected foreign countries,
those patents may not receive the same degree of protection as they would in the United States. We can give no assurance that we
will be able to successfully defend our patents and proprietary rights in any action we may file for patent infringement. Similarly,
we cannot give any assurance that we will not be required to defend against litigation involving the patents or proprietary rights
of others, or that we will be able to obtain licenses for these rights.  Legal and accounting costs relating to prosecuting
or defending patent infringement litigation may be substantial. 

We also rely on proprietary
designs, technologies, processes and know-how not eligible for patent protection.  We cannot give any assurance that our competitors
will not independently develop the same or superior designs, technologies, processes and know-how. 

While we have and will continue
to enter into proprietary rights agreements with our employees and third parties giving us proprietary rights to certain technology
developed by those employees or parties while engaged by us, we can give no assurance that courts of competent jurisdiction will
enforce those agreements. 

Item 1A.   
       RISK FACTORS    

Not required for smaller
reporting companies. 

Item 1B.   
       Unresolved Staff Comments.    

Not Applicable. 

Item 2.   
       Properties.    

Our principal executive offices are located
at 9253 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, California 91311. The offices consist of approximately 7,500 square feet. Rent expense was $69,313
and $74,439 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. On March 2, 2016, the Company entered into an Amendment
to Lease in order to extend the current lease through March 31, 2019. The lease calls for monthly rent of $6,719 per month for
the period of April 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017. The monthly rent increases 4% for each of the next two years. 

Item 3.   
       Legal Proceedings.    

From time to time, we may
become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is
subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our
business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

On August 26, 2004, in order to protect its
legal rights and in the best interest of the shareholders at large, the Company filed, in the Superior Court of California, a complaint
alleging breach of contract, rescission, tortuous interference and fraud with Betacorp Management, Inc. In an effort to resolve
all outstanding issues, the parties agreed, in good faith, to enter into arbitration in the State of Texas, domicile of the defendants.
On August 11, 2006, a judgment was awarded against the Company in the sum of $592,312. The Company believes the judgment is without
merit and has filed an appeal. A contingency loss of $592,312 was charged to operations during the year ended June 30, 2007. Subsequently,
The Company filed a counter lawsuit and was awarded a default judgement in its favor, and as such removed the contingency loss
during the year ended June 30, 2016. 

Item 4.   
       Mining.    

Not Applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5.   
     
          Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.    

The Company s Common
Stock trades on the  OTC Markets  under the Symbol  PVHO  

The following table sets
forth the high and low bid and offer prices, as reported by OTC Markets for the quarters in fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and
2015: 

On October 12, 2016, the closing bid quote
for the Common Shares was $0.18 per share, and there were approximately 600 holders of record of Common Shares. TranShare Corporation,
4626 S. Broadway, Englewood, CO  80113, is the transfer agent for the Company s common shares. 

Penny Stock   

The SEC has adopted rules
that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities
with a market price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on
the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided
by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a
standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in
the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker's or dealer's
duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other
requirements of the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask
prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number
for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in
penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format, as the SEC
shall require by rule or regulation. 

The broker-dealer also must
provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;
(b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and
ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a
monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. 

In addition, the penny stock
rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a
special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written
acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks, and
a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the trading activity for our Common Stock. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling
our securities. 

Dividends  

The Company has not paid
any cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present
intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of the Company's business. 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans  

The Company does not have
any equity compensation plans or any individual compensation arrangements with respect to its Common Stock or Preferred Stock.
The issuance of any of our common or preferred stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, which has the power to
issue any or all of our authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities  

Neither the Registrant nor
any person acting on its behalf offered or sold the securities of the Company by means of any form of general solicitation or general
advertising. No services were performed by any purchaser as consideration for the shares issued. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities  

None. 

Item 6.    
       Selected Financial Data.    

Not applicable. 

Item 7.    
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

The following discussion
and analysis provides information which management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the results of operations
and financial condition.  Expectations of future financial condition and results of operations are based upon current
business plans and may change.  The discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto. 

Results of Operations  

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
2016 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2015   

REVENUES   

The Company recognizes revenues from hardware
sales, advertising and from licensing, distribution and marketing agreements. Revenues for the year ended June 30, 2016 were $5,014,156,
an increase from $574,529 generated in the year ended June 30, 2015. The increase in revenues was primarily from an increase in
related party sales. The related party revenue is for sales to ProDava 3D, LLC to purchase Provision s 3D Savings Center
kiosks for placement into retail stores. During the year ended June 30, 2016 sales to ProDava 3D, LLC accounted for 98% of the
Company s revenues. During the year ended June 30, 2015 sales to ProDava 3D, LLC accounted for 64% of the Company s
revenues. 

COST OF REVENUES   

Cost of revenues for the year ended June 30,
2016 was $4,488,001 from $309,103 incurred in the year ended June 30, 2015. Cost of revenues for the period of year ended June
30, 2016 increased as a result of the large increase in related party sales. 

OPERATING EXPENSES   

The Company incurred $2,465,230 in operating
expenses for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase from $1,088,340 incurred during the year ended June 30, 2015 primarily as
a result of a $1,192,093 increase in general and administrative expenses while research and development expenses increased $184,797.
General and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2016 increased primarily as a result of the fees for independent
contractors and consultants for the Company s operations and additional travel expenses related to the supervision of the
installations of kiosks during the quarter. 

OTHER EXPENSES   

The company had various miscellaneous income
and expenses. The largest gain was a gain of $597,312 during the year ended June 30, 2016 on extinguishment of debt of a previously
recorded contingency loss after it filed a lawsuit and was awarded a default judgement in its favor from a dispute that started
in 2004 with Betacorp Management, Inc. 

The Company also recorded interest
expense of $1,017,236 in the year ended June 30, 2016, primarily related to the issuance of convertible notes and debt
modification expenses during the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $664,445 over the interest recorded during the year
ended June 30, 2015. During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded expense in the amount of $2,865,234 related to
the loss on extinguishment of certain debts. The Company recorded amortization of debt and warrant discounts and financing
costs in the amounts of $913,544 and $18,668 during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company also
recorded a charge of $85,960 for the derivative liability resulting from the Company having insufficient shares for issued
and outstanding common stock equivalents during the years ended June 30, 2016. The Company authorized additional shares
during the year ending June 30, 2016. The Company recognized a gain of $18,868 and $152,253 for the years ended June 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, from the change in fair value of derivative as a result of fluctuating market prices of
the Company s common stock. The Company recorded other income in the amount of $124,788 during the year ended June 30,
2015 as a result of the removal of liabilities related to stale dated transactions for which the Company no longer
owed repayment. 

NET LOSS:   

The Company had a net loss of $6,202,816
for the year ended June 30, 2016 compared to net loss of $843,770 for the year ended June 30, 2015, an increase of
$5,359,046. The higher net loss for the year ended June 30, 2016 was primarily a result of higher interest expense by
($664,445), loss on debt extinguishment ($2,865,234), increased amortization of debt and warrant discount and financing costs
by ($894,876) and increased operating expenses by ($1,376,890) partially offset by higher gross profit of $260,729 in the
year ended June 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The financial statements in this Form 10-K are
presented on the basis that the Company is a going concern. Going concern contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business over a reasonable length of time. The Company had accumulated deficit at June 30,
2016 of $34,758,262. The Company has negative working capital of $3,749,885 as of June 30, 2016. The largest balances in current
liabilities are for accrued interest ($2,476,036) and unearned revenue ($3,419,616). The Company is in the process of negotiating
with noteholders to convert accrued interest into long-term notes to reduce current liabilities and plans to ship goods to reduce
the unearned revenue. 

The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company's continuation
as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis, to
obtain additional financing or refinancing as may be required and, ultimately, to attain profitable operations. Management s
plan to eliminate the going concern situation include, but are not limited to, the raise of additional capital through issuance
of debt and equity, improved cash flow management, aggressive cost reductions, and the creation of additional sales and profits
across its product lines. 

 To raise cash, during the year ended June 30,
2016, the Company issued $5,417,800 in 12% Series A Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes, convertible into shares of the
Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share. Each sub s criber will receive, for every $1,000 in
Promissory Notes purchase, Series A Warrants to purchase 2,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price
of $0.15 per share. The Promissory Notes shall be secured by all current and future assets of the Company on a pro-rata basis.
The Company received net proceeds of $4,775,468, balance $545,780 was shown as deferred financing cost and $96,552 was adjusted
against the old accounts payable. In relation to the above note, the Company incurred $104,400 as additional deferred financing
cost. During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued warrants to placement agents at exercise price of $0.15 per share
which was valued at $685,250 and recorded as deferred financing cost. 

For the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company
charged $514,207 as amortization of deferred financing cost. 

On or after six months from the original issue
date, the Subscriber will have the right, at the Subscriber's option, to convert all or any portion of the principal and any accrued
but unpaid interest into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a Conversion Price of $0.10. The Conversion Price may be
adjusted for any merger, stock split or dividend. Interest shall be payable at the rate of 12% per annum and shall be due and payable
quarterly, in arrears, with the initial interest payment due September 30, 2015 (from the date of issuance), and continuing thereafter
on each successive December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30 and of each year. Standard events of default such as failure
to pay interest or principal on the Notes, failure to convert the Notes, and certain events related to insolvency. The Exercise
Price of each Warrant is $0.15 per share. Each Warrant expires five years after issuance. The Exercise Price may be adjusted for
any merger, stock split or dividend. 

The Company allocated the proceeds from the
sale of the above promissory notes and related warrants based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance with the proceeds
allocated to the warrants accounted for as additional paid-in-capital. The detachable Warrants were valued at $567,761 using Black-Scholes
model, as the fair value of convertible promissory notes on commitment date was $567,761. The effective conversion price is calculated,
which is lower than the stock price on issuance dates, and therefore, the Company determined that the instrument s effective
conversion price was in-the-money at the instrument s commitment date (a  beneficial conversion feature ). The
intrinsic value of the conversion option (beneficial conversion feature) is $1,310,000, and the Company recorded $1,310,000 beneficial
conversion feature to additional paid in capital. 

For the year ended June 30, 2016, $204,098 was
expensed in the statement of operation as amortization of warrant discount and shown as interest expenses, respectively. For the
year ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, $195,239 and $18,668 was amortized of debt discount and shown as interest expenses, respectively. 

During the year ended June 30, 2016 the few
holders of the Note converted $861,518 including accrued interest value into 6,961,195 shares of the Company's common stock. 

On May 6, 2016, the Company exchanged a debenture
with an unpaid principal amount of $195,000 and unpaid interest of $94,839 for $7,821 in cash, a 12% Senior Secured Convertible
Promissory Note for $282,018 convertible into the Company s common stock at $0.10 per share and a warrant to purchase 564,036
shares of the Company s common stock at $0.15 per share which expires on May 6, 2021. The Company determined fair value of
new debt $535,834 and fair value of warrants $91,317 as a result was recorded $345,133 as a loss on debt extinguishment during
the year ended June 30, 2016. On June 30, 2016 the holder of the Note converted $282,018 full face value into 2,820,180 shares
of the Company's common stock. The balance on the Note as of June 30, 2016 is $-0-. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company entered into an
agreement, effective May 18, 2016, to exchange promissory notes held by two noteholders for promissory notes and warrants. The
original notes ( Original Notes ) had a principal balance of $140,000 with accrued interest of $84,599, subject to
a substantial increase if default provisions of the Original Notes, which the Company disputed, were applied. The principal and
interest total of $224,599, subject to a substantial increase if default provisions of the Original Notes which the Company disputed
were applied, was convertible at $0.03 per share. The Original Notes were exchanged for promissory notes ( New Notes )
with a conversion price of $0.10 per share and interest rate of 12% and a principal balance of $1,050,000, a discount to the mandatory
default amount of the Original Notes claimed by the noteholders, which the Company disputed. The holders of the New Notes will
also receive warrants to purchase the Company s common stock, equal to 20% of the initial convertible amount of the New Notes,
at an exercise price of $0.15 per share. The Company determined fair value of new debt $2,310,000 and fair value of warrants $434,700
as a result was recorded $2,520,100 as a loss on debt extinguishment during the year ended June 30, 2016. The balance on the Note
as of June 30, 2016 is $1,050,000 ($825,401 increase in principal notes balance was included in loss on debt extinguishment). 

The Company does have $2,175,543 in cash as
of June 30, 2016 as a result of an issuance of convertible debt. The Company has sufficient cash to operate for the next 12 months.
Failure to raise additional capital or improve its performance in the next 12 months, however, may cause the Company to curtail
its business activities and expansion plans within the next twelve months. 

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company
used $2,461,374 of cash for operating activities compared to a use of $655,716 in the year ended June 30, 2015. The increase in
cash used for operating activities was due a higher net loss offset by lower accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Cash from
financing activities was $4,553,549 in the year ended June 30, 2016 compared to cash from financing activities of $45,205. The
increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes. During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the company used $45,600 in investing activities for the purchase of fixed assets and intangibles. 

On June 30, 2014 the Company entered into an
agreement with DB Dava, LLC ( DB ) to help the Company launch the 3D network in Rite Aid. The agreement creates a newly-formed
entity, ProDava 3D, LLC ( ProDava 3D ), to purchase Provision s 3D Savings Center kiosks for placement into Rite
Aid stores. ProDava 3D may purchase up to $50 million in 3D Savings Center kiosks. The agreement calls for an initial purchase
of $2 million of 3D Savings Center kiosks. The Company will generate revenues and gross profit from the sale of machines to ProDava
3D. The Company will also earn advertising revenue from advertisements in Rite Aid earned by ProDava 3D. 

ProDava 3D is purchasing 3D Savings Center kiosks,
manufactured by Provision. These will be placed in high traffic aisles of nationally recognized retail stores, initially Rite Aid,
with advertisements of consumer packaged products, other consumer goods manufacturers along with local/regional advertisers. Ad
sales inventory will include marquee 3D hologram images, coupons, and other rewards and transactions of products sold in the stores
(focused on new product introductions). 

Provision s contribution to ProDava 3D
includes Provision s know-how, management, and its agreement with the national retail pharmacy that will be the first target
for the 3D Savings Center kiosk launch. Provision will be responsible for manufacturing, installation, service, maintenance, technical
support, network management, advertising, marketing, and accounting of each 3D Savings Center kiosk for the joint venture. Provision
will be compensated for rendering and performing all of these services. The advertising and other revenues generated from the 3D
Savings Center kiosks will be divided among Provision and DB. 

CRITICAL
ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS   

The preparation of the Company s financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management
evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to receivables and accrued expenses. Management bases its estimates
and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable based on the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The most significant accounting estimates
inherent in the preparation of the Company s financial statements include estimates as to the appropriate carrying value
of the Company s intangible assets, the amount of stock compensation, and the amount of accrued liabilities that are not
readily attainable from other sources. These accounting policies are described at relevant sections in this discussion and analysis
and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid investments,
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased, to be cash equivalents. As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s
cash and cash equivalents were on deposit in federally insured financial institutions, and at times may exceed federally insured
limits. 

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable are not collateralized and
interest is not accrued on past due accounts. Periodically, management reviews the adequacy of its provision for doubtful accounts
based on historical bad debt expense results and current economic conditions using factors based on the aging of its accounts receivable.
After management has exhausted all collection efforts, management writes off receivables and the related reserve. Additionally,
the Company may identify additional allowance requirements based on indications that a specific customer may be experiencing financial
difficulties. Actual bad debt results could differ materially from these estimates. 

Inventories  

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
(first-in, first-out) or market. The Company periodically reviews its inventories for indications of slow movement and obsolescence
and records an allowance when it is deemed necessary. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are stated at cost. When
retired or otherwise disposed, the related carrying value and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts
and the net difference less any amount realized from disposition, is reflected in earnings. For financial statement purposes, property
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Long-lived
tangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate the carrying value of
the assets may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are recognized based on estimated fair values if the sum of expected future
undiscounted cash flows of the related assets is less than their carrying values. 

Intangibles  

Intangibles represent primarily costs incurred
in connection with patent applications. Such costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the useful life of the patent
once issued, or expensed immediately if any specific application is unsuccessful. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill  

Intangible assets that are not subject to amortization
shall be tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might
be impaired. The impairment test shall consist of a comparison of the fair value of an intangible asset with its carrying amount,
as defined. If the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss shall be recognized in an
amount equal to that excess. There was no impairment loss recognized during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The carrying value of long-lived assets, including
amortizable intangibles and property and equipment, are evaluated whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential
impairment has occurred relative to a given asset or assets. Impairment is deemed to have occurred if projected undiscounted cash
flows associated with an asset are less than the carrying value of the asset. The estimated cash flows include management s
assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of that asset in operations. The amount of the impairment
loss recognized is equal to the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its then estimated fair value. There was no impairment
loss recognized during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company recognizes gross sales when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, title transfer has occurred, the price is fixed or readily determinable, and collection is probable. It
recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 605, Revenue Recognition ( ASC
605 ). Revenue from licensing, distribution and marketing agreements is recognized over the term of the contract. Revenue
from the sale of hardware is recognized when the product is complete and the buyer has accepted delivery. Provisions for discounts
and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related
sales are recorded. 

Cost of Revenue  

Cost of revenue in respect to sale of hardware
consists of costs associated with manufacturing of 3D displays, Kiosk machine, transportation, and other costs that are directly
related to a revenue-generating. Such expenses are classified as cost of revenue in the corresponding period in which the revenue
is recognized in the accompanying income statement. 

Depreciation and Amortization  

The Company depreciates its property and equipment
using the straight-line method with estimated useful lives from three to seven years. For federal income tax purposes, depreciation
is computed using an accelerated method. 

Shipping and Handling Costs  

The Company s policy is to classify shipping
and handling costs as a component of Costs of Revenues in the Statement of Operations. 

Unearned Revenue  

The Company bills customers in advance for certain
of its services. If the customer makes payment before the service is rendered to the customer, the Company records the payment
in a liability account entitled customer prepayments and recognizes the revenue related to the services when the customer receives
and utilizes that service, at which time the earnings process is complete. The Company recorded $3,419,616 and $2,241,820 as of
June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively as deferred revenue. 

Significant Customers  

During the year ended June 30, 2016 the Company
had one customer which accounted for more than 10% of the Company s revenues (99%). During the year ended June 30, 2015
the Company had one customer which accounted for more than 10% of the Company s revenues (64%). As of June 30, 2016 the Company
had no accounts receivable balance. As of June 30, 2015 the Company had one customer who accounted for more than 10% of the Company s
accounts receivable (99%). 

Research and Development Costs  

The Company charges all research and development
costs to expense when incurred. Manufacturing costs associated with the development of a new process or a new product are expensed
until such times as these processes or products are proven through final testing and initial acceptance by the customer. 

For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Company incurred $311,798 and $127,001, respectively for research and development expense which are included in the consolidated
statements of operations.  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

Fair value estimates discussed herein are based
upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. The respective
carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments, approximate their fair values. These financial instruments include
cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and notes payable. Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying
values for these financial instruments because they are short term in nature and their carrying amounts approximate fair values
or they are receivable or payable on demand. 

The Company uses fair value measurements under
the three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement and enhances disclosure for fair value measures.
The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.   

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.   

The following table provides a summary of the
changes in fair value of the Company s Promissory Notes, which are both Level 3 liabilities as of June 30, 2016: 

The Company determined the value of its convertible
notes using a market interest rate and the value of the warrants and beneficial conversion feature issued at the time of the transaction
less the accretion. There is no active market for the debt and the value was based on the delayed payment terms in addition to
other facts and circumstances at the end of June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Derivative Financial Instruments  

The Company evaluates our financial instruments
to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial
instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then
re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. For stock-based derivative
financial instruments, the Company uses the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model to value the derivative instruments. The classification
of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the
end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based
on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Certain of the Company s embedded conversion
features on debt and outstanding warrants are treated as derivative liabilities for accounting purposes under ASC 815 due to insufficient
authorized shares to settle these outstanding contracts, or due to other rights connected with these contracts, such as registration
rights. In the case of insufficient authorized share capital available to fully settle outstanding contracts, the Company utilizes
the latest maturity date sequencing method to reclassify outstanding contracts as derivative instruments. These contracts are recognized
currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are exercised, expire, the related rights have been waived and/or the authorized
share capital has been amended to accommodate settlement of these contracts. These instruments do not trade in an active securities
market. 

The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting
period. Derivative instruments that become subject to reclassification are reclassified at the fair value of the instrument on
the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current
based on whether or not settlement of the derivative instrument is expected within 12 months of the balance sheet date.  

The Company estimates the fair value of these
instruments using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the intrinsic value if the convertible notes are due on demand. 

We have determined that certain convertible
debt instruments outstanding as of the date of these financial statements include an exercise price  reset  adjustment
that qualifies as derivative financial instruments under the provisions of ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in an
Entity s Own Stock ( ASC 815-40 ). Certain of the convertible debentures have a variable exercise price, thus
are convertible into an indeterminate number of shares for which we cannot determine if we have sufficient authorized shares to
settle the transaction with. Accordingly, the embedded conversion option is a derivative liability and is marked to market through
earnings at the end of each reporting period. Any change in fair value during the period recorded in earnings as  Other income
(expense) - gain (loss) on change in derivative liabilities.  

The following table represents the Company s
derivative liability activity for the period ended: 

Commitments and Contingencies:  

In the normal course of business, the Company
is subject to loss contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business, that cover a wide range of
matters, including, among others, government investigations, environment liability and tax matters. An accrual for a loss contingency
is recognized when it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred and the amount of loss can be
reasonably estimated. 

At June 30, 2016 and 2015, loss for contingency payable was $-0-
and $592,312, respectively.    

Accounting for Stock Option Based Compensation  

The Company calculates compensation costs for
all share-based awards to employees based on the grant date fair value of those awards and recognized over the period during
which the employee is required to perform services in exchange for the award (generally over the vesting period of the award). 

Basic and Diluted Income (Loss) per Share  

Basic income (loss) per common share
is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding. Diluted income (loss) per common share is computed similar to basic income per common share except that
the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the
potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. As of June 30, 2016, the Company
had debt instruments and warrants outstanding that can potentially be converted into approximately 120,941,836 shares of
common stock. 98,322,309 of these shares  would be included in the computation of diluted earnings per share if the Company
had net income as their effect would be dilutive. 

Material Equity Instruments  

The Company evaluates stock options, stock warrants
and other contracts (convertible promissory note payable) to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts
qualify as derivative financial instruments to be separately accounted for under the relevant sections of  ASC 815-40, Derivative
Instruments and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ( ASC 815 ).  The result of this accounting treatment
could be that the fair value of a financial instrument is classified as a derivative financial instrument and is marked-to-market
at each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change
in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or other expense. Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative
financial instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to
equity. Financial instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under ASC 815 are
reclassified to a liability account at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. 

Certain of the Company s embedded conversion
features on debt and outstanding warrants are treated as derivative liabilities for accounting purposes under ASC 815-40 due to
insufficient authorized shares to settle these outstanding contracts. Pursuant to SEC staff guidance that permits a sequencing
approach based on the use of ASC 840-15-25 which provides guidance for contracts that permit partial net share settlement. The
sequencing approach may be applied in one of two ways: contracts may be evaluated based on (1) earliest issuance date or (2) latest
maturity date. In the case of insufficient authorized share capital available to fully settle outstanding contracts, the Company
utilizes the earliest maturity date sequencing method to reclassify outstanding contracts as derivative instruments. These
contracts are recognized currently in earnings until such time as the convertible notes or warrants are exercised, expire, the
related rights have been waived and/or the authorized share capital has been amended to accommodate settlement of these contracts.
These instruments do not trade in an active securities market. 

During September 2015, the Company had recorded
a charge for the derivative liability resulting from the Company having insufficient shares of $85,960. This derivative liability
is a result of the embedded conversion features of the notes payable to convert 18,231,003 shares, at fixed prices ranging from
$0.04 to $1.00 per share. The liability was recorded at the fair market value, which estimated value, was based upon the remaining
contractual life of the convertible notes payable (the host instrument), using the Black-Scholes pricing model, and since these
earlier notes had reached maturity and were now due on demand the intrinsic value was also considered. The conversion exceeded
the market price accordingly the intrinsic value was also zero. Accordingly the reclassification of the value of these derivatives
had no impact on the Company s financial statements. On December 31, 2015, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation
by filing a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect an increase in the number of the Company s
authorized common shares from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000. As such, the related derivative liability has been revalued to $0 at
June 30, 2016. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company
again amended its Articles of Incorporation by filing a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect
an increase in the number of the Company s authorized common shares from 200,000,000 to 300,000,000. The increase in the
authorized number of shares of common stock was approved by the Board of Director of the Company on June 30, 2016 and holders of
more than 50% of the voting power of the Company s capital stock. The Company s ticker symbol and CUSIP remain unchanged. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting
standard update which requires, among other things, that entities measure equity investments (except those accounted for under
the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) at fair value, with changes in fair value
recognized in earnings. Under the standard, entities will no longer be able to recognize unrealized holding gains and losses on
equity securities classified today as available for sale as a component of other comprehensive income. For equity investments without
readily determinable fair values the cost method of accounting is also eliminated, however subject to certain exceptions, entities
will be able to elect to record equity investments without readily determinable fair values at cost, less impairment and plus or
minus adjustments for observable price changes, with all such changes recognized in earnings. This new standard does not change
the guidance for classifying and measuring investments in debt securities and loans. The standard is effective for us on July 1,
2018 (the first quarter of our 2019 fiscal year). The Company is currently evaluating the anticipated impact of this standard on
our financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities
on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 affects any entity that enters into a
lease, with some specified scope exemptions. The guidance in this Update supersedes Topic 840, Leases. The core principle of Topic
842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases. A lessee should recognize in the statement
of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right
to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For public companies, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the impact
of adopting ASU No. 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  that clarifies how to apply revenue recognition guidance related to whether an entity
is a principal or an agent. ASU 2016-08 clarifies that the analysis must focus on whether the entity has control of the goods or
services before they are transferred to the customer and provides additional guidance about how to apply the control principle
when services are provided and when goods or services are combined with other goods or services. The effective date for ASU 2016-08
is the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09  as amended by ASU 2015-14 ,  for
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods  within
those years.  The Company has not yet determined the impact of  ASU 2016-08 on its  consolidated
 financial statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
Compensation   Stock Compensation, or ASU No. 2016-09. The areas for simplification in this Update involve several aspects
of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. For public entities, the amendments in this Update are
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption
is permitted in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should
be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must
adopt all of the amendments in the same period. Amendments related to the timing of when excess tax benefits are recognized, minimum
statutory withholding requirements, forfeitures, and intrinsic value should be applied using a modified retrospective transition
method by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period in which the guidance is adopted.
Amendments related to the presentation of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares
to meet the minimum statutory withholding requirement should be applied retrospectively. Amendments requiring recognition of excess
tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement and the practical expedient for estimating expected term should be applied
prospectively. An entity may elect to apply the amendments related to the presentation of excess tax benefits on the statement
of cash flows using either a prospective transition method or a retrospective transition method. We are currently evaluating the
impact of adopting ASU No. 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , which provides further
guidance on identifying performance obligations and improves the operability and understandability of licensing implementation
guidance. The effective date for ASU 2016-10 is the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09 as   amended by ASU 2015-14 ,
 for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods  within
those years.  The Company has not yet determined the impact of  ASU 2016-10 on its  consolidated
 financial statements.  

FASB ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  was issued in June 2016 and clarifies the
objective of the collectability criterion, presentation of taxes collected from customers, non-cash consideration, contract modifications
at transition, completed contracts at transition and how guidance in Topic 606 is retrospectively applied. The amendments do not
change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The effective dates are the same as those for Topic 606. 

FASB ASU 2014-12,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic
718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after
the Requisite Service Period  was issued June 2014. This guidance was issued to resolve diversity in accounting for performance
targets. A performance target in a share-based payment that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service
period should be accounted for as a performance condition and should not be reflected in the award s grant date fair value.
Compensation cost should be recognized over the required service period, if it is probable that the performance condition will
be achieved. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those annual
periods. This update did not have a significant impact upon early adoption. 

FASB ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of
Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern  was issued September 2014. This provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern
uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an
entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued.  An
entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue
as a going concern. The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact upon adoption. 

FASB ASU 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement
of Inventory  was issued in July 2015. This requires entities to measure most inventory  at the lower of cost and net
realizable value,  thereby simplifying the current guidance under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of
cost or market. The ASU will not apply to inventories that are measured by using either the last-in, first-out method or the retail
inventory method. For public business entities, the ASU is effective prospectively for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Upon transition, entities must disclose the nature of and reason for the accounting change.
The Company does not anticipate a significant impact upon adoption. 

FASB ASU No. 2015-15, Interest Imputation
of Interest: Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements 
was issued in August 2015 which permits an entity to report deferred debt issuance costs associated with a line-of-credit arrangement
as an asset and to amortize such costs over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding
borrowings under the credit line. The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for public business entities for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The guidance should be applied
on a retrospective basis. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact upon adoption. 

FASB ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes Balance
Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  was issued in November 2015. This requires entities to classify deferred tax liabilities
and assets as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position and applies to all entities that present a classified
statement of financial position. For public entities, this update is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company does not anticipate a significant
impact upon adoption. 

FASB ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments
- Credit Losses (Topic 326)  was issued in June 2016.  This ASU amends the Board s guidance on the impairment
of financial instruments. Under the new guidance, an entity recognizes as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses,
which the FASB believes will result in more timely recognition of such losses. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2019. Early adoption will be permitted.  The Company does not anticipate a significant impact upon adoption. 

ECONOMY AND INFLATION  

Except as disclosed herein, we have not experienced
any significant cancellation of orders due to the downturn in the economy and only a small number of customers requested delays
in delivery or production of orders in process. Our management believes that inflation has not had a material effect on our results
of operations. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET AND CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS  

We do not have any off balance sheet or contractual
arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues, and results of
operations, liquidity or capital expenditures. 

Item 7A.    
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

Not Applicable. 

Item 8.    
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.    

Our consolidated financial statements and the
related notes begin on Page F-1, which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

ITEM 9.   
       CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.    

None 

ITEM 9A.   
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.    

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Our principal executive and principal financial
officers have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a   15(e) and
15d   15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) that arc designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods required under the SEC's rules and forms and that the information is gathered and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(c)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Management's Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting  

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(t) under the Exchange
Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1.      Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
assets; 

2.      Provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and
directors; and 

3.      Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016. Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company
did not maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting as a result of the identified material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting described below. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth in the report
entitled Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission,
or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company's internal control system, including (i) the control
environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication and (v) monitoring. 

Identified Material Weakness  

A material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood
that a material misstatement or the financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

Management identified the following material
weakness during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016: 

Resources:  As of June 30, 2016,
we had three full-time employees in general management and no full-time employees with the requisite expertise in the key functional
areas of finance and accounting. As a result, there is a lack of proper segregation of duties necessary to insure that all transactions
are accounted for accurately and in a timely manner. 

Written Policies   Procedures:  We
need to prepare written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our
books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity transactions, and prepare, review and submit
SEC filings in a timely manner. 

Management's Remediation Initiatives  

As our resources allow, we will add financial
personnel to our management team. We plan to prepare written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to
establish a formal process to close our books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity transactions. 

(b)  Changes In   Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to have
a materially affect, on our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.   
       OTHER INFORMATION    

None.  

PART III  

ITEM 10.   
       DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.    

Our executive officers, directors and significant
employees and their ages and their respective positions as of June 30, 2016 were as follows: 

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position    
 
      Curt Thornton  
       
      60  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, President, and Director   
 
      Robert Ostrander  
       
      62  
       
      Vice President, Sales, Business Development, Secretary and Director   
 
      Jon Corfino  
       
      54  
       
      Director   

Officers are elected annually by the Board of
Directors (subject to the terms of any employment agreement), at our annual meeting, to hold such office until an officer s
successor has been duly appointed and qualified, unless an officer sooner dies, resigns or is removed by the Board. 

Background of Executive Officers and Directors  

Curt Thornton   

Curt Thornton has been chief executive officer,
president, chairman and a director of the Company since Mach 2008. Mr. Thornton is the founder of ProVision and has been chief
executive officer, president, chairman and director of ProVision since our inception in December 2000.  Mr. Thornton
has over 20 years of international executive experience in operations, manufacturing, engineering and sales driven companies.
He has held senior executive positions at Iwerks Entertainment Corp., Northern Telecom and Tandon Computers. Mr. Thornton earned
an MBA from Pepperdine University and a Bachelor s degree in Engineering from Western Illinois University.  Mr.
Thornton s executive experience provides value to the Board of Directors. 

Robert Ostrander  

Robert Ostrander has been Vice President, Sales,
Business Development, secretary, and a director of the Company since March 2008. Mr. Ostrander has been President, Sales, Marketing,
Business Development, secretary, and a director for ProVision since March 2001. 

Mr. Ostrander has 20 years of sales and business
development experience, both domestic and international. He has held senior positions in sales at Allied Domecq, Kraft Foods, Sara
Lee and Welch Foods. He holds an MBA from Pepperdine University, and a B.S. from the State University of New York.  Mr.
Ostrander s sales experience provides value to the Board of Directors. 

Jon Corfino  

Jonathan Corfino has been a director of the
Company since March 2008. Mr. Corfino has been a director of ProVision since 2003. Mr. Corfino is a senior executive with 20 years 
experience in the theme park, location-based and interactive entertainment industry. Mr. Corfino is the founder of Attraction Media
  Entertainment, Inc. and has been its chief executive officer since 2001. Mr. Corfino was president, location-based entertainment
for Stan Lee Media, Inc. from 1999 to 2000. He was senior vice president in charge of production at Iwerks Entertainment, from
1993 to 1999, where he supervised the production and/or acquisition of over 30 specialty films for Simulation, Attraction and Large
Format venues. Prior to Iwerks, from 1978 to 1991, Mr. Corfino worked in the Planning and Development group at MCA/Universal as
a Project Manager. He was directly involved in the creative development and construction of a variety of projects and attractions,
including  The Star Trek Adventure ,  Back to the Future - The Ride ,  ET the Extraterrestrial 
and studio center expansion plus special effects stages. Mr. Corfino holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from UCLA.  Mr.
Corfino s experience with media companies and ventures provides value to the Board of Directors. 

Term of Office  

Our directors are appointed for a one-year term
to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. 

Our executive officers are appointed by our
board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 

Significant Employees  

Jeff Vrachan has been Vice President Engineering
and Chief Technology Officer since our inception in December 2000. Prior to joining Provision, Mr. Vrachan served as a Project
Manager, Engineering Manager and Operations Manager for high-tech companies such as Allied Signal, Mitsubishi Electronics and Southwestern
Industries. Mr. Vrachan has a Bachelor s degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of California and a second
Bachelor s degree in Business Management from the University of Phoenix. 

Family Relationships  

There are no family relationships between or
among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  

To the best of our knowledge, during the past
five years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present director, person nominated to become director, executive officer,
or control person: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding
or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to
any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities
or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities
Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed,
suspended or vacated. 

Audit Committee  

We do not have a separately-designated standing
audit committee. The entire board of directors performs the functions of an audit committee, but no written charter governs the
actions of the board of directors when performing the functions of that would generally be performed by an audit committee. The
board of directors approves the selection of our independent accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants
to discuss issues related to financial reporting. In addition, the board of directors reviews the scope and results of the audit
with the independent accountants, reviews with management and the independent accountants our annual operating results, considers
the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures and considers other auditing and accounting matters including fees to be paid
to the independent auditor and the performance of the independent auditor. 

We do not have an audit committee financial
expert because of the size of our company and our board of directors at this time. We believe that we do not require an audit committee
financial expert at this time because we retain outside consultants who possess these attributes. 

Nominating Committee  

We do not have a nominating committee. The board
of directors acts as the nominating committee and members of the board participate in the discussions. If the size of the board
expands, the board will reconsider the need or desirability of a nominating committee. 

Compensation Committee  

We do not have a compensation committee. If
the size of the board expands, the board will reconsider the need or desirability of a compensation committee. 

For the fiscal year ending June 30, 2016, the
board of directors: 

1.    
      Reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with management, and   

2.    
      Reviewed and discussed the written disclosures and the letter from our independent auditors on the matters relating to the auditor's independence.   

Based upon the board of directors  review
and discussion of the matters above, the board of directors authorized inclusion of the audited financial statements for the year
ended June 30, 2016 to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Code of Ethics Disclosure  

We adopted a Code of Ethics for Financial Executives,
which include our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions. The code of ethics was filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2006, as filed with the SEC on July 14, 2006. 

ITEM 11.   
       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.    

The following table sets forth all compensation
paid in respect of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and those individuals who received compensation in excess of $100,000
per year for the last three completed fiscal years. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE  

Director Compensation  

No director received any compensation for services
as director for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

ITEM 12.   
       SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    

The following table sets forth certain information,
as of October 12, 2016 with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common stock by (i) any holder of more than
five (5%) percent; (ii) each of our executive officers and directors; and (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group.
Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power over the shares beneficially
owned. 

(1)  
      Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Provision Holding, Inc. 9253 Eton Avenue, Chatsworth, California 91311.   

(2)  
      Applicable
    percentage ownership is based on 96,286,227 shares of common stock outstanding as of October 12, 2016, together     with
    securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of October 12, 2015. Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting
    or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within
    60 days of October 12, 2016 are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the
    purpose of     computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of
    computing the     percentage ownership of any other person.   

ITEM 13.   
       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.    

None. 

ITEM 14.   
       PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.    

Our financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016
and 2015 were audited by RBSM LLP. 

Since we do not have a formal audit committee,
our board of directors serves as our audit committee. We have not adopted pre-approval policies and procedures with respect to
our accountants. All of the services provided and fees charged by our independent registered accounting firms were approved by
the board of directors. 

Services rendered by RBSM LLP  

The following is a summary of the fees for professional
services rendered by RBSM LLP for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Audit fees.  Audit fees represent
fees for professional services performed by RBSM LLP for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly
financial statements, as well as services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related fees. We did not incur any other
fees for services performed by RBSM LLP, other than the services covered in  Audit Fees  for the fiscal years ended June
30, 2016 or 2015. 

Tax Fees . We did not incur any fees for
tax services performed by RBSM LLP. 

Other fees . RBSM LLP did not receive
any other fees during for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 or 2015. 

ITEM 15.   
       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.    

Exhibit Number   
         
       Description    
 
      3.1  
         
      Certificate
    of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of MailTec, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2008)   
 
      3.1.1  
         
      Certificate
    of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Provision Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 6, 2016)   
 
      3.1.2  
         
      Certificate
    of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Provision Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2016)   
 
      3.2  
         
      Restated
    Bylaws of Provision Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on March 20, 2008)   
 
      3.3  
         
      Series
    A Certificate of Designation of Provision Holding, Inc. Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations and Relative
    Rights of Its Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on January 6, 2016)   
 
      10.1  
         
      Agreement
    and Plan of Merger by and among MailTec, Inc., ProVision Merger Corp and Provision Interactive Technologies, Inc. (previously
    filed as an exhibit to Amendment No.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2008)   
 
      10.2  
         
      Amended
    and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among MailTec, Inc., ProVision Merger Corp and Provision Interactive Technologies,
    Inc. (previously filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March
    5, 2008)   
 
      10.3  
         
      Employment
    Agreement, dated May 30, 2006, by and between Provision Interactive Technologies, Inc. and Curt Thornton (incorporated by
    reference to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2008).   
 
      10.4  
         
      Employment
    Agreement, dated May 30, 2006, by and between Provision Interactive Technologies, Inc. and Robert Ostrander (incorporated
    by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2008).   
 
      10.5  
         
      Employment
    Agreement, dated May 30, 2006, by and between Provision Interactive Technologies, Inc. and Jeff Vrachan (incorporated by reference
    to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2008).   
 
      10.15  
         
      Marketing
    Agreement, dated February 28, 2007, by and between Intel Corporation and Provision Interactive Technologies, Inc. (incorporated
    by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2008).   
 
      10.16  
         
      Convertible
    Promissory Note of Provision Holding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on July 8, 2016)   
 
      10.17  
         
      12%
    Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note of Provision Holding, Inc. (previously filed as an exhibit to Form 10-Q filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2016)   
 
      10.18  
         
      Limited
    Liability Company Agreement of ProDava 3D, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company, dated June 30, 2014 (incorporated by
    reference to the Form 10-Q, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2016).   
 
      10.19  
         
      License
    Agreement, by and between Provision Holding, Inc. and ProDava 3D, LLC, dated June 30, 2014 (incorporated by reference to the
    Form 10-Q, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2016).   

21  
         
      List
    of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March
    20, 2008).   
 
      31.1  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)\15d-14(a)*   
 
      32.1  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934*   
 
      99.1  
         
      Pro
    forma financial information (incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on March 20, 2008).   

EX-101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    INSTANCE DOCUMENT*   
 
      EX-101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT*   
 
      EX-101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE*   
 
      EX-101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE*   
 
      EX-101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE*   
 
      EX-101.PRE  
         
      XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE*   

* Filed herewith 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of  

  Provision Holding, Inc.  

  9253 Eton Avenue,  

  Chatsworth, CA 91311   

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Provision Holding, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the
related statements of operations, stockholders  deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June
30, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration
of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Provision
Holding, Inc. at June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended June 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has
an accumulated deficit as of June 30, 2016, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ RBSM LLP  

New York, NY 

 October 13, 2016  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS   

       AS
OF JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND
2015  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT   

   FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

FOR THE YEARS
ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS CONTINUED   

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2015 AND 2014  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

NOTE
    1   

       ORGANIZATION
    AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION    

Business
Description and Presentation   

Provision
Holding, Inc. ( Provision  or the  Company ) focused on the development and distribution of Provision s
patented three-dimensional, holographic interactive displays focused at grabbing and holding consumer attention particularly and
initially in the advertising and product merchandising markets. The systems display a moving 3D image size to forty inches in
front of the display, projecting a digital video image out into space detached from any screen, rendering truly independent floating
images featuring high definition and crisp visibility from far distances. The nearest comparable to this technology can be seen
in motion pictures such as Star Wars and Minority Report, where objects and humans are represented through full-motion holograms.  

Provision s
proprietary and patented display technologies and software, and innovative solutions aim to attract consumer attention. Currently
the Company has multiple contracts to place Provision s products into large retail stores, as well as signed agreements
with advertising agents to sell ad space to Fortune 500 customers. Given the technology s potential in the advertising market,
the Company is focused on creating recurring revenue streams from the sale of advertising space on each unit.  

Corporate
History   

On
February 14, 2008, MailTec, Inc. (now known as Provision Holding, Inc.) (the  Company ) entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger, which was amended and restated on February 27, 2008 (as amended and restated, the  Agreement ),
and closed effective February 28, 2008, with ProVision Merger Corp., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
(the  Subsidiary ) and Provision Interactive Technologies, Inc., a California corporation ( Provision ).
Pursuant to the Agreement, the Subsidiary merged into Provision, and Provision became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
As consideration for the merger of the Subsidiary into Provision, the Company issued 20,879,350 shares of the Company s
common stock to the shareholders, creditors, and certain warrant holders of Provision, representing approximately 86.5% of the
Company s aggregate issued and outstanding common stock, and the outstanding shares and debt, and those warrants whose holders
received shares of the Company s common stock, of Provision were transferred to the Company and cancelled.  

Going
Concern and Management Plans   

These financial statements are presented on
the basis that the Company is a going concern. Going concern contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business over a reasonable length of time. The Company had accumulated deficit at June 30, 2016 of $34,758,262.
The Company has negative working capital of $3,749,885 as of June 30, 2016. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company's continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to
generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis, to obtain additional financing or refinancing as may be
required and, ultimately, to attain profitable operations. Management s plan to eliminate the going concern situation include,
but are not limited to, the raise of additional capital through issuance of debt and equity, improved cash flow management, aggressive
cost reductions, and the creation of additional sales and profits across its product lines. 

Principles
of Consolidation and Reporting   

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company uses a fiscal year end of June 30.  

There
have been no significant changes in the Company's significant accounting policies during the year ended June 30, 2016 compared
to what was previously disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015.  

Basis
of comparison   

Certain
prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and timing of revenues and expenses,
the reported amounts and classification of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These
estimates and assumptions are based on the Company s historical results as well as management s future expectations.
The Company s actual results could vary materially from management s estimates and assumptions.  

Management
makes estimates that affect certain accounts including, deferred income tax assets, estimated useful lives of property and equipment,
accrued expenses, fair value of equity instruments and reserves for any other commitments or contingencies. Any adjustments applied
to estimates are recognized in the year in which such adjustments are determined.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid investments,
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased, to be cash equivalents. As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s
cash and cash equivalents were on deposit in federally insured financial institutions, and at times may exceed federally insured
limits. 

Accounts
Receivable   

Accounts
receivable are not collateralized and interest is not accrued on past due accounts. Periodically, management reviews the adequacy
of its provision for doubtful accounts based on historical bad debt expense results and current economic conditions using factors
based on the aging of its accounts receivable. After management has exhausted all collection efforts, management writes off receivables
and the related reserve. Additionally, the Company may identify additional allowance requirements based on indications that a
specific customer may be experiencing financial difficulties. Actual bad debt results could differ materially from these estimates.  

Inventories   

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. The Company periodically reviews its inventories for indications
of slow movement and obsolescence and records an allowance when it is deemed necessary.  

Property
and Equipment   

Property
and equipment are stated at cost. When retired or otherwise disposed, the related carrying value and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the respective accounts and the net difference less any amount realized from disposition, is reflected in earnings.
For financial statement purposes, property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over
their estimated useful lives. Long-lived tangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances
indicate the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are recognized based on estimated fair values
if the sum of expected future undiscounted cash flows of the related assets is less than their carrying values.  

Intangibles   

Intangibles
represent primarily costs incurred in connection with patent applications. Such costs are amortized using the straight-line method
over the useful life of the patent once issued, or expensed immediately if any specific application is unsuccessful.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill   

Intangible
assets that are not subject to amortization shall be tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The impairment test shall consist of a comparison of the fair value of
an intangible asset with its carrying amount, as defined. If the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value,
an impairment loss shall be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. There was no impairment loss recognized during the years
ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The
carrying value of long-lived assets, including amortizable intangibles and property and equipment, are evaluated whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment has occurred relative to a given asset or assets. Impairment
is deemed to have occurred if projected undiscounted cash flows associated with an asset are less than the carrying value of the
asset. The estimated cash flows include management s assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the
use of that asset in operations. The amount of the impairment loss recognized is equal to the excess of the carrying value of
the asset over its then estimated fair value. There was no impairment loss recognized during the years ended June 30, 2016 and
2015.  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company recognizes gross sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, title transfer has occurred, the price is fixed
or readily determinable, and collection is probable. It recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 605, Revenue Recognition ( ASC 605 ). Revenue from licensing, distribution and marketing agreements
is recognized over the term of the contract. Revenue from the sale of hardware is recognized when the product is complete and
the buyer has accepted delivery. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other
adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded.  

Cost
of Revenue   

Cost
of revenue in respect to sale of hardware consists of costs associated with manufacturing of 3D displays, Kiosk machine, transportation,
and other costs that are directly related to a revenue-generating. Such expenses are classified as cost of revenue in the corresponding
period in which the revenue is recognized in the accompanying income statement.  

Depreciation
and Amortization   

The
Company depreciates its property and equipment using the straight-line method with estimated useful lives from three to seven
years. For federal income tax purposes, depreciation is computed using an accelerated method.  

Shipping
and Handling Costs   

The
Company s policy is to classify shipping and handling costs as a component of Costs of Revenues in the Statement of Operations.  

Unearned
Revenue   

The Company bills customers in advance for certain
of its services. If the customer makes payment before the service is rendered to the customer, the Company records the payment
in a liability account entitled customer prepayments and recognizes the revenue related to the services when the customer receives
and utilizes that service, at which time the earnings process is complete. The Company recorded $3,419,616 and $2,241,820 as of
June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively as deferred revenue. 

Significant
Customers   

During the year ended June 30, 2016 the Company
had one customer which accounted for more than 10% of the Company s revenues (98%). During the year ended June 30, 2015
the Company had one customer which accounted for more than 10% of the Company s revenues (64%). As of June 30, 2016 the Company
had no accounts receivable balance. As of June 30, 2015 the Company had one customer who accounted for more than 10% of the Company s
accounts receivable (99%). 

Research
and Development Costs   

The
Company charges all research and development costs to expense when incurred. Manufacturing costs associated with the development
of a new process or a new product are expensed until such times as these processes or products are proven through final testing
and initial acceptance by the customer.  

For
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred $311,798 and $127,001, respectively for research and development
expense which are included in the consolidated statements of operations.   

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

Fair
value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as
of June 30, 2016 and 2015. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments, approximate their
fair values. These financial instruments include cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and notes payable.
Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values for these financial instruments because they are short term in nature
and their carrying amounts approximate fair values or they are receivable or payable on demand.  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

The
Company uses fair value measurements under the three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement and enhances
disclosure for fair value measures. The three levels are defined as follows:  

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.   

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.   

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.   

The
following table provides a summary of the changes in fair value of the Company s Promissory Notes, which are both Level
3 liabilities as of June 30, 2016:  

The
Company determined the value of its convertible notes using a market interest rate and the value of the warrants and beneficial
conversion feature issued at the time of the transaction less the accretion. There is no active market for the debt and the value
was based on the delayed payment terms in addition to other facts and circumstances at the end of June 30, 2016 and 2015.   

Derivative
Financial Instruments   

The
Company evaluates our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument
is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported
in the statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing
model to value the derivative instruments. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should
be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are
classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument
could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date.  

Certain
of the Company s embedded conversion features on debt and outstanding warrants are treated as derivative liabilities for
accounting purposes under ASC 815 due to insufficient authorized shares to settle these outstanding contracts, or due to other
rights connected with these contracts, such as registration rights. In the case of insufficient authorized share capital available
to fully settle outstanding contracts, the Company utilizes the latest maturity date sequencing method to reclassify outstanding
contracts as derivative instruments. These contracts are recognized currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are
exercised, expire, the related rights have been waived and/or the authorized share capital has been amended to accommodate settlement
of these contracts. These instruments do not trade in an active securities market.  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

The
classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is
re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instruments that become subject to reclassification are reclassified
at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified in the
balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not settlement of the derivative instrument is expected within 12
months of the balance sheet date.   

The
Company estimates the fair value of these instruments using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the intrinsic value if
the convertible notes are due on demand.  

We
have determined that certain convertible debt instruments outstanding as of the date of these financial statements include an
exercise price  reset  adjustment that qualifies as derivative financial instruments under the provisions of ASC 815-40,
Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in an Entity s Own Stock ( ASC 815-40 ). Certain of the convertible debentures
have a variable exercise price, thus are convertible into an indeterminate number of shares for which we cannot determine if we
have sufficient authorized shares to settle the transaction with. Accordingly, the embedded conversion option is a derivative
liability and is marked to market through earnings at the end of each reporting period. Any change in fair value during the period
recorded in earnings as  Other income (expense) - gain (loss) on change in derivative liabilities.   

The
following table represents the Company s derivative liability activity for the period ended:  

Commitments
and Contingencies:   

In
the normal course of business, the Company is subject to loss contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out
of its business, that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, government investigations, environment liability
and tax matters. An accrual for a loss contingency is recognized when it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability
had been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.  

At
June 30, 2016 and 2015, loss for contingency payable was $-0- and $592,312, respectively.     

Accounting
for Stock Option Based Compensation   

The
Company calculates compensation costs for all share-based awards to employees based on the grant date fair value of those
awards and recognized over the period during which the employee is required to perform services in exchange for the award (generally
over the vesting period of the award).  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company has adopted Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 740-10,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740-10 ) which requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. They are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in
the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not
that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations.  

The
Company records uncertain tax positions when they become evident. The Company recognizes in the consolidated financial statements
only those tax positions determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits
of the positions. Under these provisions, the Company must assume that the taxing authority will examine the income tax position
and will have full knowledge of all relevant information. For each income tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition
threshold, the Company then assesses the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized
upon effective settlement with the taxing authority. Unrecognized tax positions, if ever recognized in the financial statements,
are recorded in the statement of operations as part of the income tax provision. The Company's policy is to recognize interest
and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax provision. The Company did not identify any uncertain tax
positions in 2015. The Company remains subject to examination by the Federal and State tax authorities since inception through
June 30, 2016.  

PROVISION
HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED
JUNE 30, 2016  

Basic
and Diluted Income (Loss) per Share   

Basic income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted
income (loss) per common share is computed similar to basic income per common share except that the denominator is increased to
include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
and if the additional common shares were dilutive. As of June 30, 2016, the Company had debt instruments and warrants outstanding
that can potentially be converted into approximately 120,941,836 shares of common stock. 98,322,309 of these shares are included
in the computation as their effect would be dilutive. 

Material Equity Instruments  

The Company evaluates stock options, stock warrants
and other contracts (convertible promissory note payable) to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts
qualify as derivative financial instruments to be separately accounted for under the relevant sections of  ASC 815-40, Derivative
Instruments and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ( ASC 815 ).  The result of this accounting treatment
could be that the fair value of a financial instrument is classified as a derivative financial instrument and is marked-to-market
at each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change
in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or other expense. Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative
financial instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to
equity. Financial instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under ASC 815 are
reclassified to a liability account at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. 

Certain of the Company s embedded conversion
features on debt and outstanding warrants are treated as derivative liabilities for accounting purposes under ASC 815-40 due to
insufficient authorized shares to settle these outstanding contracts. Pursuant to SEC staff guidance that permits a sequencing
approach based on the use of ASC 840-15-25 which provides guidance for contracts that permit partial net share settlement. The
sequencing approach may be applied in one of two ways: contracts may be evaluated based on (1) earliest issuance date or (2) latest
maturity date. In the case of insufficient authorized share capital available to fully settle outstanding contracts, the Company
utilizes the earliest maturity date sequencing method to reclassify outstanding contracts as derivative instruments. These
contracts are recognized currently in earnings until such time as the convertible notes or warrants are exercised, expire, the
related rights have been waived and/or the authorized share capital has been amended to accommodate settlement of these contracts.
These instruments do not trade in an active securities market. 

During September 2015, the Company had recorded
a charge for the derivative liability resulting from the Company having insufficient shares of $85,960. This derivative liability
is a result of the embedded conversion features of the notes payable to convert 18,231,003 shares, at fixed prices ranging from
$0.04 to $1.00 per share. The liability was recorded at the fair market value, which estimated value, was based upon the remaining
contractual life of the convertible notes payable (the host instrument), using the Black-Scholes pricing model, and since these
earlier notes had reached maturity and were now due on demand the intrinsic value was also considered. The conversion exceeded
the market price accordingly the intrinsic value was also zero. Accordingly the reclassification of the value of these derivatives
had no impact on the Company s financial statements. On December 31, 2015, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation
by filing a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect an increase in the number of the Company s
authorized common shares from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000. As such, the related derivative liability has been revalued to $0 at
June 30, 2016. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company again amended
its Articles of Incorporation by filing a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect an increase
in the number of the Company s authorized common shares from 200,000,000 to 300,000,000. The increase in the authorized
number of shares of common stock was approved by the Board of Director of the Company on June 30, 2016 and holders of more than
50% of the voting power of the Company s capital stock. The Company s ticker symbol and CUSIP remain unchanged. 

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update which requires, among other things, that entities measure equity investments
(except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) at fair
value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Under the standard, entities will no longer be able to recognize unrealized
holding gains and losses on equity securities classified today as available for sale as a component of other comprehensive income.
For equity investments without readily determinable fair values the cost method of accounting is also eliminated, however subject
to certain exceptions, entities will be able to elect to record equity investments without readily determinable fair values at
cost, less impairment and plus or minus adjustments for observable price changes, with all such changes recognized in earnings.
This new standard does not change the guidance for classifying and measuring investments in debt securities and loans. The standard
is effective for us on July 1, 2018 (the first quarter of our 2019 fiscal year). The Company is currently evaluating the
anticipated impact of this standard on our financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.
Topic 842 affects any entity that enters into a lease, with some specified scope exemptions. The guidance in this Update supersedes
Topic 840, Leases. The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from
leases. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)
and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For public companies, the amendments
in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU No. 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  that clarifies how to apply revenue recognition guidance related to whether an entity
is a principal or an agent. ASU 2016-08 clarifies that the analysis must focus on whether the entity has control of the goods
or services before they are transferred to the customer and provides additional guidance about how to apply the control principle
when services are provided and when goods or services are combined with other goods or services. The effective date for ASU 2016-08
is the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09   as
amended by ASU 2015-14 ,  for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods  within those years.  The Company has not yet determined
the impact of  ASU 2016-08 on its  consolidated  financial
statements.   

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation, or ASU No. 2016-09. The areas for simplification
in this Update involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. For public entities,
the amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
annual periods. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim
period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity
that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. Amendments related to the timing of when excess
tax benefits are recognized, minimum statutory withholding requirements, forfeitures, and intrinsic value should be applied using
a modified retrospective transition method by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period
in which the guidance is adopted. Amendments related to the presentation of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows
when an employer withholds shares to meet the minimum statutory withholding requirement should be applied retrospectively. Amendments
requiring recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement and the practical expedient for estimating
expected term should be applied prospectively. An entity may elect to apply the amendments related to the presentation of excess
tax benefits on the statement of cash flows using either a prospective transition method or a retrospective transition method.
We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU No. 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing , which provides further guidance on identifying performance obligations and improves the operability and understandability
of licensing implementation guidance. The effective date for ASU 2016-10 is the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09 as 
 amended by ASU 2015-14 ,  for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2017, including interim periods  within those years.  The Company has not yet determined
the impact of  ASU 2016-10 on its  consolidated  financial
statements.   

FASB
ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients 
was issued in June 2016 and clarifies the objective of the collectability criterion, presentation of taxes collected from customers,
non-cash consideration, contract modifications at transition, completed contracts at transition and how guidance in Topic 606
is retrospectively applied. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The effective dates
are the same as those for Topic 606.  

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

FASB
ASU 2014-12,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award
Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period  was issued June 2014. This guidance
was issued to resolve diversity in accounting for performance targets. A performance target in a share-based payment that affects
vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period should be accounted for as a performance condition and should
not be reflected in the award s grant date fair value. Compensation cost should be recognized over the required service
period, if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those annual periods. This update did not have a significant impact upon early
adoption.  

FASB ASU
2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  was issued September 2014. This provides guidance on determining when and how
to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and
annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements
are issued.  An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern. The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December
15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact
upon adoption.  

FASB
ASU 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  was issued in July 2015. This requires entities to measure
most inventory  at the lower of cost and net realizable value,  thereby simplifying the current guidance under which
an entity must measure inventory at the lower of cost or market. The ASU will not apply to inventories that are measured by using
either the last-in, first-out method or the retail inventory method. For public business entities, the ASU is effective prospectively
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Upon transition, entities must disclose the
nature of and reason for the accounting change. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact upon adoption.  

FASB
ASU No. 2015-15, Interest Imputation of Interest: Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs
Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  was issued in August 2015 which permits an entity to report deferred debt issuance
costs associated with a line-of-credit arrangement as an asset and to amortize such costs over the term of the line-of-credit
arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings under the credit line. The ASU applies to all entities
and is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods thereafter,
with early adoption permitted. The guidance should be applied on a retrospective basis. The Company does not anticipate a significant
impact upon adoption.  

FASB
ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  was issued in November 2015. This requires
entities to classify deferred tax liabilities and assets as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position and applies
to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. For public entities, this update is effective for financial
statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company
does not anticipate a significant impact upon adoption.  

FASB
ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326)  was issued in June 2016.  This ASU amends the
Board s guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. Under the new guidance, an entity recognizes as an allowance
its estimate of expected credit losses, which the FASB believes will result in more timely recognition of such losses. This ASU
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption will be permitted.  The Company does not
anticipate a significant impact upon adoption.  

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

NOTE
    2   
       INVENTORY    

Inventory
consists of raw materials; work in process and finished goods. The Company s inventory is stated at the lower of cost (FIFO
cost basis) or market.  

The
carrying value of inventory consisted of the following:  

At June 30, 2016 and 2015, the inventory reserve remained
unchanged, respectively. 

NOTE 3   
       PREPAID EXPENSES    

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company
prepaid certain expenses related to software licensing fees, freight, supplies and legal expenses. At June 30, 2016, $592,769 of
these expenses remains to be amortized over the useful life through May 2017. 

NOTE
    4   
       PROPERTY
    and EQUIPMENT, net    

Equipment
consists of the following:  

The
aggregate depreciation charge to operations was $764 and $107 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The depreciation
policies followed by the Company are described in Note 1.  

NOTE
    5   
       PREPAID
    FINANCING COSTS    

The
Company pays financing costs to consultants and service providers related to certain financing transactions. The financing costs
are then amortized over the respective life of the financing agreements. As such, the Company has prepaid $1,287,109 and $457,886
in financing costs at June 30 2016 and 2015, respectively.   Prepaid financing costs are presented with the net convertible
debt as appropriate.  

The aggregate amortization of prepaid financing
cost charged to operations was $514,207 and $-0- for years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

NOTE
    6   
       INTANGIBLES,
    net of accumulated amortization    

Intangibles
consist of the following:  

The
aggregate amortization expense charged to operations was $2,496 and $2,496 for years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The amortization policies followed by the Company are described in Note 1.  

As
of June 30, 2016, the estimated future amortization expense related to finite-lived intangible assets was as follows:  

NOTE
    7   
       DEBT
    SETTLEMENT    

During February 2015 the Company settled with
a convertible note holder to repay the principal and accrued interest due with an interest free scheduled payment plan. On the
date of the settlement the principal and accrued interest had a total value of $333,563. The scheduled payment plan calls for payments
totaling $260,000. Accordingly, the Company recorded $73,562 of gain on debt extinguishment in June 2015. The Company repaid $201,420
on this debt during the year ended June 30, 2016. The remaining balance is $16,795 and $218,215 at June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

On August 26, 2004, in order to protect its
legal rights and in the best interest of the shareholders at large, the Company filed, in the Superior Court of California, a complaint
alleging breach of contract, rescission, tortuous interference and fraud with Betacorp Management, Inc. In an effort to resolve
all outstanding issues, the parties agreed, in good faith, to enter into arbitration in the State of Texas, domicile of the defendants.
On August 11, 2006, a judgment was awarded against the Company in the sum of $592,312. A contingency loss of $592,312 was charged
to operations during the year ended June 30, 2007. Subsequently, The Company filed a counter lawsuit and was awarded a default
judgement in its favor, and as such removed the contingency loss during the year ended June 30, 2016 (Note 15).  

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

NOTE
    8   
       CONVERTIBLE
    DEBT    

Convertible
debt consists of the following:  

As of June 30, 2016, the Company has $526,885
of convertible debt that is in default and past the due date. These debts are included in the $609,905 of current portion of notes
payable, net of discounts. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued $5,417,800 in 12% Series A Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes, convertible
into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share. Each sub s criber will receive,
for every $1,000 in Promissory Notes purchase, Series A Warrants to purchase 2,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock
at an exercise price of $0.15 per share. The Promissory Notes shall be secured by all current and future assets of the Company
on a pro-rata basis. The Company received net proceeds of $4,775,468, balance $545,780 was shown as deferred financing cost and
$96,552 was adjusted against the old accounts payable. In relation to the above note, the Company incurred $104,400 as additional
deferred financing cost. During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued warrants to placement agents at exercise price
of $0.15 per share which was valued at $685,250 and recorded as deferred financing cost.  

For
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company charged $514,207 as amortization of deferred financing cost.  

On
or after six months from the original issue date, the Subscriber will have the right, at the Subscriber's option, to convert all
or any portion of the principal and any accrued but unpaid interest into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a Conversion
Price of $0.10. The Conversion Price may be adjusted for any merger, stock split or dividend. Interest shall be payable at the
rate of 12% per annum and shall be due and payable quarterly, in arrears, with the initial interest payment due September 30,
2015 (from the date of issuance), and continuing thereafter on each successive December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30
and of each year. Standard events of default such as failure to pay interest or principal on the Notes, failure to convert the
Notes, and certain events related to insolvency. The Exercise Price of each Warrant is $0.15 per share. Each Warrant expires five
years after issuance. The Exercise Price may be adjusted for any merger, stock split or dividend.  

The Company allocated the proceeds from the
sale of the above promissory notes and related warrants based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance with the proceeds
allocated to the warrants accounted for as additional paid-in-capital. The detachable Warrants were valued at $567,761 using Black-Scholes
model, as the fair value of convertible promissory notes on commitment date was $567,761. The effective conversion price is calculated,
which is lower than the stock price on issuance dates, and therefore, the Company determined that the instrument s effective
conversion price was in-the-money at the instrument s commitment date (a  beneficial conversion feature ). The
intrinsic value of the conversion option (beneficial conversion feature) is $1,310,900, and the Company recorded $1,310,900 beneficial
conversion feature to additional paid in capital. 

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

During the year ended June 30, 2016 the few
holders of the Note converted $579,500 including accrued interest value into 6,961,195 shares of the Company's common stock. 

On May 6, 2016, the Company exchanged a debenture
with an unpaid principal amount of $195,000 and unpaid interest of $94,839 for $7,821 in cash, a 12% Senior Secured Convertible
Promissory Note for $282,018 convertible into the Company s common stock at $0.10 per share and a warrant to purchase 564,036
shares of the Company s common stock at $0.15 per share which expires on May 6, 2021. The Company determined fair value of
new debt $535,834 and fair value of warrants $91,317 as a result was recorded $345,133 as a loss on debt extinguishment during
the year ended June 30, 2016. On June 30, 2016 the holder of the Note converted $282,018 full face value into 2,820,180 shares
of the Company's common stock. The balance on the Note as of June 30, 2016 is $-0-. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company entered into
an agreement, effective May 18, 2016, to exchange promissory notes held by two noteholders for promissory notes and warrants.
The original notes ( Original Notes ) had a principal balance of $140,000 with accrued interest of $84,599, subject
to a substantial increase if default provisions of the Original Notes, which the Company disputed, were applied. The principal
and interest total of $224,599, subject to a substantial increase if default provisions of the Original Notes which the Company
disputed were applied, was convertible at $0.03 per share. The Original Notes were exchanged for promissory notes ( New
Notes ) with a conversion price of $0.10 per share and interest rate of 12% and a principal balance of $1,050,000, a discount
to the mandatory default amount of the Original Notes claimed by the noteholders, which the Company disputed,. The holders of
the New Notes will also receive warrants to purchase the Company s common stock, equal to 20% of the initial convertible
amount of the New Notes, at an exercise price of $0.15 per share. The Company determined fair value of new debt $2,310,000 and
fair value of warrants $434,700 as a result was recorded $2,520,100 as a loss on debt extinguishment during the year ended June
30, 2016. The balance on the Note as of June 30, 2016 is $1,050,000 ($825,401 increase in principal notes balance was included
in loss on debt extinguishment). 

Accrued
and unpaid interest for convertible notes payable at June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,678,138 and $1,520,620, respectively.  

For
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, $511,101 and $241,012 was charged as interest on debt and shown as interest expenses,
respectively.  

For the year ended June 30, 2016, $204,098 was
expensed in the statement of operation as amortization of warrant discount, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2016 and
2015, $155,356 and $18,668 was amortized of debt discount, respectively. 

Derivative
Liability   

On
August 3, 2015, the Company entered into a Loan Agreement with an investor pursuant to which the Company reissued a convertible
promissory note from a selling investor in the principal amount of for up to $97,000. The Note is convertible into shares of common
stock at an initial conversion price subject to adjustment as contained in the Note. The Conversion Price is the 70% of the VWAP
for the prior 30 days, not lower than $0.07. The Note accrues interest at a rate of 8% per annum and matures on August 3, 2018.
The note was sold to an investor on August 5, 2015.  

Due
to the variable conversion price associated with this convertible promissory note, the Company has determined that the conversion
feature is considered a derivative liability. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company
record the fair value of the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value
as of each subsequent balance sheet date.  

The
initial fair value of the embedded debt derivative of $102,296 was allocated as a debt discount $27,714 was determined using intrinsic
value with the remainder $74,582 charged to current period operations as interest expenses. The fair value of the described embedded
derivative was determined using the Black-Scholes Model with the following assumptions:  

On
August 5, 2015, the Company entered into a Loan Agreement with an investor pursuant to which the Company reissued a convertible
promissory note from a selling investor in the principal amount of for up to $97,000. The Note is convertible into shares of common
stock at an initial conversion price subject to adjustment as contained in the Note. The Conversion Price is the 90% of the current
fair market price, not lower than $0.05. The Note accrues interest at a rate of 8% per annum and matures on August 5, 2017. The
note was fully converted August 5, 2015.  

Due
to the variable conversion price associated with this convertible promissory notes, the Company has determined that the conversion
feature is considered a derivative liability. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company
record the fair value of the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value
as of each subsequent balance sheet date.  

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

The
initial fair value of the embedded debt derivative of $80,405 was allocated as a debt discount $10,778 was determined using intrinsic
value with the remainder $69,627 charged to current period operations as interest expenses. The fair value of the described embedded
derivative was determined using the Black-Scholes Model with the following assumptions:  

On June 10, 2016, the Company entered into a
Loan Agreement with an investor pursuant to which the Company reissued a convertible promissory note from a selling investor in
the principal amount of for up to $160,330. The Note is convertible into shares of common stock at an initial conversion price
subject to adjustment as contained in the Note. The Conversion Price is the 80% of the average closing price of the last thirty
trading days of the stock, not lower than $0.10. The Note accrues interest at a rate of 7% per annum and matures on December 10,
2017. 

Due
to the variable conversion price associated with this convertible promissory notes, the Company has determined that the conversion
feature is considered a derivative liability. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company
record the fair value of the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value
as of each subsequent balance sheet date.  

The initial fair value of the embedded debt
derivative of $206,996 was allocated as a debt discount $76,163 was determined using intrinsic value with the remainder $130,833
charged to current period operations as interest expenses. The fair value of the described embedded derivative was determined using
the Black-Scholes Model with the following assumptions: 

During
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded the loss (gain) in fair value of derivative in the amount of $18,868
and $171,121, respectively.   

For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015,
$39,883 and $-0-, were expensed in the statement of operation as amortization of debt discount related to above notes and shown
as interest expenses, respectively. 

The
following table represents the Company s derivative liability activity for the period ended:  

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

NOTE
    9   
       Derivative
    financial instruments    

The
following table presents the components of the Company s derivative financial instruments associated with convertible promissory
notes (Notes 8) and warrants (Note 12), which have no observable market data and are derived using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model measured at fair value on a recurring basis, using Level 1 and 3 inputs to the fair value hierarchy, at June 30, 2016:  

2016       
        2015     
 
     Embedded conversion features    
     $          
     $         
 
     Warrants    

Insufficient shares    

Derivative financial instruments    
     $          
     $        

These
derivative financial instruments arise as a result of applying  ASC 815 Derivative and Hedging  ( ASC 815 ),
which requires the Company to make a determination whether an equity-linked financial instrument, or embedded feature, is indexed
to the entity s own stock. This guidance applies to any freestanding financial instrument or embedded features that have
the characteristics of a derivative, and to any freestanding financial instruments that are potentially settled in an entity s
own stock.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued notes with embedded conversion features and warrants to purchase common stock
and the Company did not, at the date of issuance of these instruments, have a sufficient number of authorized and available shares
of common stock to settle the outstanding contracts which triggered the requirement to account for these instruments as derivative
financial instruments until such time as the Company has sufficient authorized shares.  

On
December 31, 2015, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation by filing a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of
State of Nevada to effect an increase in the number of the Company s authorized common shares from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000.  

On
June 30, 2016, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation by filing a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State
of Nevada to effect an increase in the number of the Company s authorized common shares from 200,000,000 to 300,000,000.
The increase in the authorized number of shares of common stock was approved by the Board of Director of the Company on June 30,
2016 and holders of more than 50% of the voting power of the Company s capital stock. The Company s ticker symbol
and CUSIP remain unchanged.  

At
June 30, 2016 and 2016, $90,000 and $108,000, respectively, of debt was outstanding with interest rates of 8% to 15%.  

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company
repaid $18,000 of principal on these notes. 

Accrued and unpaid interest for these notes
payable at June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $26,528 and $39,349, respectively. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, $6,450 and $11,548 was charged as interest on debt and shown as interest expenses, respectively.  

Lease Agreement - The Company leases its office
space under a month-to-month lease. Rent expense was $69,313 and $74,439 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
On March 2, 2016, the Company entered into an Amendment to Lease in order to extend the current lease through March 31, 2019. The
lease calls for monthly rent of $6,719 per month for the period of April 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017. The monthly rent increases
4% for each of the next two years. 

The future minimum payments under this lease
are as follows: 

The
Company is delinquent in remitting its payroll taxes to the applicable governmental authorities. Total due, including estimated
penalties and interest is $590,799 and $655,446 at June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively  

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

Preferred
Stock   

The Company is authorized to issue 4,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock with a par value of $0.001 per share as of June 30, 2016. Preferred shares issued and outstanding at
June 30, 2016 and 2015 were 1,000 shares and 0 shares respectively. 

On
December 30, 2015, the Company filed an amendment to the Company's Articles of Incorporation, as amended, in the form of a Certificate
of Designation that authorized for issuance of up to 1,000 shares of Series A preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, of
the Company designated  Super Voting Preferred Stock  and established the rights, preferences and limitations thereof.
The pertinent rights and privileges of each share of the Super Voting Preferred Stock are as follows:   

(i)
each share shall not be entitled to receive any dividends nor any liquidation preference;  

(ii)
each share shall not be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock;   

(iii)
shall be automatically redeemed by the Company at $0.10 per share on the first to occur of the following triggering events: (a)
90 days following the date on which this Certificate of Designation is filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada or (b) on the
date that Mr. Thornton ceases, for any reason, to serve as officer, director or consultant of the Company; and   

(iv)
long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately as a
class, shall have the right to vote in an amount equal to 51% of the total vote (representing a majority voting power) effecting
an increase in the authorized common stock of the Company. Such vote shall be determined by the holder(s) of the then issued and
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. For example, if there are 10,000 shares of the Company s common stock issued
and outstanding at the time of a shareholder vote, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, will have the right to vote an
aggregate of 10,408 shares, out of a total number of 20,408 shares voting. The amount of voting rights is determined based on
the common shares outstanding and at the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote at each meeting of
shareholders of the Company or action by written consent in lieu of meetings with respect to effecting an increase in the authorized
shares as presented to the shareholders of the Company. Each holder of Super Voting Preferred Stock shall vote together with the
holders of Common Stock, as a single class, except (i) as provided by Nevada Statutes and (ii) with regard to the amendment, alteration
or repeal of the preferences, rights, powers or other terms with the written consent of the majority of holders of Super Voting
Preferred Stock.   

On
December 31, 2015, the Company issued 1,000 shares of Super Voting Preferred Stock for $0.10 per share to Curt Thornton, President
and Chief Executive Officer, and a director of the Company, as described in Note 13 Related Party Transactions.  

The
Preferred Stock   Series A has a mandatory redemption provision of $0.10 per share, accordingly it is classified as a liability
in the balance sheet.  

Common
Stock   

On
December 31, 2015, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation by filing a Certificate of Amendment with the
Secretary of State of Nevada to effect an increase in the number of the Company s authorized common shares from
100,000,000 to 200,000,000.  

On June 30, 2016, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation by filing a Certificate of Amendment with
the Secretary of State of Nevada to effect an increase in the number of the Company s authorized common shares from
200,000,000 to 300,000,000. The increase in the authorized number of shares of common stock was approved by the Board of
Director of the Company on June 30, 2016 and holders of more than 50% of the voting power of the Company s capital
stock on June 30, 2016.  

As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, there were 89,242,624
and 75,483,456 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company
issued 1,953,333 shares of common stock in exchange for consulting services valued at $248,933 and stock to be issued 1,249,997
shares of common stock in exchange for services valued at $262,166. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2016 the Company issued 9,781,375 shares of its common stock in payment of $861,518 debt and accrued interest.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016 the Company issued 625,000 shares of its common stock per the exercise of warrants for $25,000.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016 the Company issued 1,399,460 shares of its common stock per the exercise of cashless warrants.  

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

During September 2014 the Company issued 30,193
shares of its common stock in payment of $2,500 of accrued interest. 

During September 2014 the Company issued 1,538,462
shares of its common stock in connection with a stock subscription agreement. The Company received $84,490 upon issuance, net of
a $15,510 fee. 

During December 2014 the Company issued 3,155,248
shares of its common stock in payment of $79,239 debt and accrued interest. 

During December 2014 the Company issued 300,000
shares of its common stock in connection with a stock subscription agreement. The Company received $10,000 upon issuance, net of
a $5,000 fee. 

During February 2015 the Company issued 259,720
shares of its common stock in payment of $12,985 debt and accrued interest. 

During May 2015, the Company issued 300,000
shares of its common stock in payment of an outstanding liability in the amount of $31,500. 

During May 2015, the Company issued 447,984
shares of its common stock in payment of an outstanding liability in the amount of $45,000. 

Warrants   

Warrant
activity during the year ended June 30, 2016, is as follows:  

During the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company
issued warrants to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock in connection with convertible notes.  These warrants have
an exercise price of $0.15 per share and expire within year from the date of issue and the same was accounted as deferred financing
cost and valued $2,139 as of June 30, 2015. 

On June 30, 2015, the certain note holders agreed
to extend the due dates of 6,809,522 warrants to July 1, 2018. These warrants have an exercise price of $0.01 to $0.20 per share
and expire within three years from the date of issue and the same was accounted as deferred financing cost and valued $455,747
as of June 30, 2015. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued warrants to purchase 13,499,636 shares of common stock in connection with convertible
notes.  These warrants have an exercise price of $0.06 to $0.15 per share and expire within three to five years from
the date of issue and the same was accounted as warrant discount and valued $567,761 as of June 30, 2016 (see Note 8).  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued warrants to purchase 6,732,800 shares of common stock for professional fees related
to the issuances of convertible notes. These warrants have an exercise price of $0.07 to $0.10 per share and expire within three
years from the date of issue and the same was accounted as deferred financing cost and valued $685,250 as of June 30, 2016 (see
Note 8).  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued warrants to purchase 296,950 shares of common stock for non-cash interest fees.
These warrants have an exercise price of $0.06 and expire within five years from the date of issue and the same was accounted
for as interest expense and valued at $19,183 as of June 30, 2016.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued 1,399,460 shares of common stock in order to fulfill the cashless exercise of
2,258,616 warrants. Due the nature of the exercise, the Company did not receive any funds.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016 the Company issued 625,000 shares of its common stock per the exercise of 625,000 warrants for $25,000.  

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

The
fair value of the described above warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes Model with the following assumptions:  

Stock
Option Plan   

There
were no new options granted or exercised during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. There are no stock options outstanding
as of June 30, 2016 and 2015.   

NOTE
    13   
       RELATED
    ENTITY ACTIVITIES    

ProDava
3D    

On
June 30, 2014 the Company entered into an agreement with DB Dava, LLC ( DB ) to help the Company launch the 3D network
in Rite Aid. The agreement creates a newly-formed entity, ProDava 3D, LLC ( ProDava 3D ), to purchase Provision s
3D Savings Center kiosks for placement into Rite Aid stores. ProDava 3D may purchase up to $50 million in 3D Savings Center kiosks.
The agreement calls for an initial purchase of $2 million of 3D Savings Center kiosks. The Company will generate revenues and
gross profit from the sale of machines to ProDava 3D. The Company will also earn advertising revenue from advertisements in Rite
Aid earned by ProDava 3D.  

ProDava
3D is purchasing 3D Savings Center kiosks, manufactured by Provision. These will be placed in high traffic aisles of nationally
recognized retail stores, initially Rite Aid, with advertisements of consumer packaged products, other consumer goods manufacturers
along with local/regional advertisers. Ad sales inventory will include marquee 3D hologram images, coupons, and other rewards
and transactions of products sold in the stores (focused on new product introductions).  

Provision s
contribution to ProDava 3D includes Provision s know-how, management, and its agreement with the national retail pharmacy
that will be the first target for the 3D Savings Center kiosk launch. Provision will be responsible for manufacturing, installation,
service, maintenance, technical support, network management, advertising, marketing, and accounting of each 3D Savings Center
kiosk for the joint venture. Provision will be compensated for rendering and performing all of these services. The advertising
and other revenues generated from the 3D Savings Center kiosks will be divided among Provision and DB.  

For the
years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 total revenue includes $4,929,346 and $365,068, respectively, revenue from a related party.  

Also,
total accounts receivables as of June 30, 2016 of $-0- includes $-0- receivables from a related party. Further, total unearned
revenue as of June 30, 2016 of $3,419,616 includes $2,453,159 advance payments for sales orders received from a related party.  

Transactions
with Officers and Directors    

On
December 30, 2015, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement with Curt Thornton, the Company's President and Chief Executive
Officer for the sale of 1,000 shares of  Super Voting Preferred Stock   Series A  for $0.10 per share and the
closing price of the Company's Common Stock was $0.08 per share, as reported on the Over-the-Counter Markets (OTCQB) on the date
prior to the date the Board approved the transaction. The Series A Preferred Shares does not have a dividend rate or liquidation
preference and are not convertible into shares of common stock. The shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be automatically
redeemed by the Company at $0.10 per share on the first to occur of the following triggering events: (i) 90 days following the
date on which this Certificate of Designation is filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada or (ii) on the date that Mr. Thornton
ceases, for any reason, to serve as officer, director or consultant of the Company. For so long as any shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to vote
in an amount equal to 51% of the total vote (representing a majority voting power) effecting an increase in the authorized common
stock of the Company. Such vote shall be determined by the holder(s) of the then issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock. For example, if there are 10,000 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding at the time of a shareholder
vote, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, will have the right to vote an aggregate of 10,408 shares, out of a total number
of 20,408 shares voting. The adoption of the Series A Preferred Stock and its issuance to Mr. Thornton was taken solely to allow
the Company to increase the Company s authorized shares of common stock. As a result, the Company determined that there
was no recorded a preferred stock control premium for the Preferred Stock   Series A that was issued to Mr. Thornton. The
rights and preferences of the shares are described in Note 12 Equity.  

PROVISION HOLDING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2016  

Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between the financial statement and income tax bases of
assets and liabilities. Such deferred income tax asset and liability computations are based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable
to periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
income tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus
or minus the change during the period in deferred income tax assets and liabilities.  

Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences in the recognition of revenues and expenses for financial
and tax reporting purposes. At June 30, 2016 and 2015, deferred income tax assets, which are fully reserved, were comprised primarily
of the net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $8,930,000 and $8,270,000, respectively.  

The valuation allowance increased by $660,000
and $816,559 during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as a result of the increase in the net operating carryforwards.
Management believes it is more likely than not that the net operating losses will not be utilized, so a full valuation reserve
has been recorded accordingly. 

For federal income tax purposes, the Company
has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $30,205,000 as of June 30, 2016 that expire through 2036, $28,555,000 as
of June 30, 2015 that expire through 2035. Additionally, the ultimate utilization of net operating losses may be limited by change
of control provision under section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

NOTE
    15   
       LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS    

On
August 26, 2004, in order to protect its legal rights and in the best interest of the shareholders at large, the Company filed,
in the Superior Court of California, a complaint alleging breach of contract, rescission, tortuous interference and fraud with
Betacorp Management, Inc. In an effort to resolve all outstanding issues, the parties agreed, in good faith, to enter into arbitration
in the State of Texas, domicile of the defendants. On August 11, 2006, a judgment was awarded against the Company in the sum of
$592,312. A contingency loss of $592,312 was charged to operations during the year ended June 30, 2007. Subsequently, The Company
filed a counter lawsuit and was awarded a default judgement in its favor, and as such removed the contingency loss during the
year ended June 30, 2016.  

Litigation   

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings that we believe will have, individually
or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.  

NOTE
    16   
       SUBSEQUENT
    EVENTS    

During
August and September 2016, the Company issued 1,066,667 shares of common stock in payment of services received in connection to
multiple agreements.  

During
August and September 2016, the Company issued 6,761,312 shares of common stock to investors as the result of debt and interest
conversions.  

On August 1, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with two individuals to serve on the Company s Advisory
Board. Per the agreement the individuals were granted 25,000 options to purchase the Company s common stock at a price of
$0.23 per share.  

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

PROVISION HOLDING, INC.    

Dated: October
    13, 2016  
      By  
      /s/  Curt Thornton    

Name: Curt Thornton   

Title: Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on October 13, 2016, on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
Indicated.  

Signature   
       
       Title    

/s/ Curt Thornton  
       
      Chief Executive Officer and President   
 
      Curt Thornton  
       
      Chairman of the Board and Director   

/s/ Robert Ostrander  
       
      Vice President, Sales, Business Development,   
 
      Robert Ostrander  
       
      Secretary and Director   

/s/ Jon Corfino  
       
      Director   
 
      Jon Corfino  

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2016ex31i_provisionhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Curt Thornton, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Provision Holding, Inc.:  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the periods presented
in this report.  

4. 
     I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)
and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

(d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/
Curt Thornton 

Curt
Thornton 

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:
October 13, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2016ex32i_provisionhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Provision Holding, Inc. (the  Company ) for the years ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Report ), I, Curt Thornton, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)   The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)   The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company 

/s/
Curt Thornton 

Curt
Thornton 

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:
October 13, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 pvho-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 pvho-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 pvho-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 pvho-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 pvho-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 pvho-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

