<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-K_edgar_data_1500242_0001500242-16-000019_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>438672</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99890</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>276934</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001500242-16-000019.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214140838
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001500242-16-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UBI Blockchain Internet LTD-DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500242
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				273349143
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54236
		FILM NUMBER:		162050842

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8250 W. CHARLESTON BLVD, SUITE 110
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-544-1902

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8250 W. CHARLESTON BLVD, SUITE 110
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JA Energy
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001500242-16-000019.txt : 20161214

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

For the Fiscal Year Ended August 31,
2016  

OR  

For the transition period from  _________________ to

UBI Blockchain Internet, Ltd.  

  (formerly known as JA Energy)  

 ( Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter ) 

 _________________ 

Delaware 
       
     27-3349143 

(State or Other Jurisdiction 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer 

of Incorporation or Organization) 
       
     Identification No.) 

(702) 544-0195        

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [ ] No [ ]
     Not Applicable  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X] 

Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X] 

Large accelerated filer 
     [ ] 
     Accelerated filer [  ]  
 
     Non-accelerated filer 
     [ ] 
     Smaller Reporting Company [X]  
 
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [X] No [ ] 

The aggregate market value of the voting
stock held by non-affiliates amounted to $2,174,801 on February 29, 2016. 

As of December 14, 2016, there were 30,217,046 Series
A shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share and 6,000,000 Series B shares of common stock, par value $0.001, of the registrant
outstanding. 

INDEX  

TITLE 
     PAGE  

ITEM 1. 
     Business 
     3  

ITEM 2. 
     Properties 
     15  

ITEM 3. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     16  

ITEM 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     16  

ITEM 5. 
     Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
     16  

ITEM 7. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
      18  

ITEM 8. 
     Financial Statement and Supplementary Data 
     21  

ITEM 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     22  

ITEM 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     23  

ITEM 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     27  

ITEM 11. 
     Executive Compensation 
     28  

ITEM 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     29  

ITEM 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
     31  

ITEM 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
     31  

ITEM 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
     33  

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-K, the words  may,   could,   estimate, 
 intend,   continue,   believe,   expect  or  anticipate  and similar expressions
identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in any forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these plans, intentions, or expectations may not be achieved. Our actual results, performance, or achievements
could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, or implied, by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements
are set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-K. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons
acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Except as required by federal securities laws, we are under no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether
as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected
or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking
statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. 

In this form 10-K references to  UBI Blockchain Internet
Ltd.,   JA Energy,   the Company ,  we,   us,  and  our  refer to UBI Blockchain
Internet Ltd. 

PART I  

  Item 1. Business 

Corporate History  

The Company was organized August 26, 2010 (Date of Inception)
under the laws of the State of Nevada, as JA Energy. The Company was incorporated as a subsidiary of Reshoot Production Company,
a Nevada corporation. Reshoot Production Company was incorporated October 31, 2007, and, at the time of spin off was listed on
the Over the Counter Bulletin Board. In April of 2012 the Company removed the Shell Status. On November 21, 2016, the Company changed
its corporate name to UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD, and changed the state of incorporation from the State of Nevada to the State
of Delaware pursuant to a plan of conversion in connection with which the Company adopted a new certificate of incorporation under
the laws of the State of Delaware. 

From August 2010 to May 2014 the Company was in the business
of designing a suite of modular, self-contained, fully automated, climate controlled units for distributed production of energy.
While some of these products were proven to be technologically viable, none were ever developed to the point where they were ready
for introduction to the marketplace. 

3 

At a meeting of the Stockholders of the Company on
September 30, 2014 the Stockholders approved a resolution to urge the Board of Directors of the Company spin-off the Company s
assets and liabilities into a wholly-owned subsidiary and for each shareholder of the Company to receive a pro-rata share ownership
of the spin-off company. Further, the spin-off subsidiary would operate as an independent entity separate from the Company with
new management operating the current core business of the Company for the benefit of the original stockholders. Additionally, the
effect of this action would allow the Company to explore new business opportunities without the burden of the liabilities currently
on the books. 

On September 30, 2014, the Board of Directors passed
a resolution to form a new company called Peak Energy Holdings (Peak) with each shareholder in the Company receiving one share
of common of Peak for each share of common stock in the Company and one share of preferred stock of Peak for each share of preferred
share of the Company. 

In November 9, 2014, JA Energy (the  Company )
entered into an Irrevocable Asset and Liability Exchange Agreement. The Agreement deals with the dividend spin-off of JA Energy's
wholly owned subsidiary, Peak Energy Holdings. At the JA Energy annual shareholder meeting, held on September 30, 2014, the shareholders
of the Company approved the transfer all of the assets and liabilities of the Parent into a wholly own subsidiary. The subsidiary
will have the same characteristics and number of authorized and issued shares as the Parent, whereby all Preferred and Common shareholders
in the Parent will receive a pro-rata stock dividend in the subsidiary that is equal to the number of shares they owned in the
Parent on a one-for-one (1:1) basis. The major shareholders of the Company, entered into a separate agreement with regards to the
dividend spin-off. They agreed to and put into effect the following points upon the dividend spin-off of the Peak Energy Holdings
from JA Energy: 

Mr. James Lusk [the largest debtor of JA Energy] transferred as of
March 31, 2014, all assets and liabilities from JA Energy to the Subsidiary to the extent legally assignable.    

Two of the major shareholder in JA Energy transferred all ownership
of their Preferred and Common stock held in the subsidiary to Mr. James Lusk.    

Mr. James Lusk transferred all of the common stock ownership he owned
and controlled in JA Energy to the major shareholders.    

Mr. James Lusk provided a notarized signed letter addressed to the
Company and auditor that he agreed to transfer as of March 31, 2014, all assets and liabilities from the Parent to the Subsidiary
to the extent legally assignable.     

JA Energy warranted that any new liabilities incurred on the books
of JA Energy after April 1, 2014 would not be transferred to the subsidiary.    

4 

JA Energy represented and warranted that there were no liabilities,
actual or contingent, created in the subsidiary. Prior to the effective time of the transfer, the subsidiary would have no assets
nor liabilities.    

JA Energy warranted that since April 1, 2014, with the exception of
the Preferred voting shares, no other shares were issued, awarded or pledged to be issued. The number of common shares issued and
outstanding in JA Energy at March 31, 2014 were the same number of the shares issued at the date of transfer.     

Upon the completion of the transfer of assets and liabilities shares
were exchanged and the subsidiary was divested from JA Energy and now operates independent as a separate entity of JA Energy with
its own management;     

Mr. James Lusk took control of the Peak Energy Holdings, independent
of JA Energy.    

All Parties indemnified and held harmless the other Parties from and
against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, resulting or arising from these transactions    

The Agreement did not affect the other shareholders
in the Company who maintained their share ownership of JA Energy, and have pro-rata ownership in Peak Energy Holdings following
the dividend spin-off. 

On January 20, 2016, the Company effected a 1-for-200
reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Reverse Stock Split ). As a result
of the Reverse Stock Split, each two hundred shares of the Company s Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Reverse Stock Split were automatically combined into and became one share of common stock. No fractional shares were issued
as a result of the Reverse Stock Split and any stockholder who otherwise would have been entitled to receive fractional shares
received an additional share. Also, as a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the per share exercise price of, and the number of
shares of common stock underlying our warrants outstanding immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were automatically proportionally
adjusted based on the 1-for-200 split ratio in accordance with the terms of such warrants. Share and per-share amounts of the Company s
common stock and warrants included herein have been adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split
did not alter the par value of the Common Stock, $0.001 per share, or modify any voting rights or other terms of the common stock. 

On September 15, 2016, the Company,
with the approval of the Board of Directors agreed to issue (issued October 3, 2016) 30,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted
Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class B Voting Common Stock, which carries a voting weight equal
to ten (10) Common Shares and 40,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class C Common Stock to UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD
( UBI ), a Hong Kong company, in exchange for $200,000. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ) and were issued under Regulation S to one (1) foreign
entity who attested it is an accredited investor who is not a citizen nor a resident of the USA. 

5 

On September 26, 2016, pursuant to NRS
78.1955, the Board of Directors approved the filing of a Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State to designate
Class A, B and C common shares, par value $0.001. Concurrently with the filing of this Certificate of Designation, all Common Stock
issued and outstanding shall become Class A Common Stock. Class B Common Stock carries a voting weight equal to ten (10) Common
Shares. The Class B shares can be converted into fully paid and non-assessable Common Shares, on a one-to-one basis, at the option
of the holder at any time upon written notice to the Company and its authorized transfer agent. Class C Common Stock has no voting
rights. Upon the conversion or other exchange of all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock into or for shares of Class A Common
Stock, all shares of Class C Common Stock shall be automatically, without further action by any holder thereof, converted into
an identical number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock on the date fixed therefor by the Board of
Directors that is no less than sixty-one days and no more than one hundred and eighty days following such conversion or exchange. 

Pursuant to the September 15, 2016 change in control agreement,
a representative of UBI paid into an attorney trust account $150,000 on September 14, 2016 and $67,500 on October 11, 2016, for
a total of $217,500. The $217,500 consisted of $200,000 for the newly issued shares of Class A, Class B Voting, and Class C Common
Stock and $17,500 for the payment of specific expenses. 

On November 21, 2016, the Company reincorporated in Delaware
under the name UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. and increased the number of authorized shares from 75,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares
consisting of 130,000,000 authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 authorized shares of Class B Common Stock and 64,000,000
authorized shares of Class C Common Stock. 

As a result of the foregoing transaction, the Company
currently has no assets, minimal liabilities and no employees and is now considered a  Shell Company  under Securities
Act Rule 405 and Exchange Act Rule 12b-2. Under the acts a Shell Company is defined as a company, other than an asset-backed issuer,
with no or nominal operations; and no or nominal assets. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

All parties and individuals reviewing this prospectus
and considering us as an investment should be aware of the financial risk involved. When deciding whether to invest or not, careful
review of the risk factors set forth herein and consideration of forward-looking statements contained in this annual report should
be adhered to. Prospective investors should be aware of the difficulties encountered as we face all the risks including competition,
and the need for additional working capital. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects for growth would likely suffer. As a result, you could lose all or part of your investment. 

You should read the following risk factors carefully
before purchasing our common stock. 

 6 

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION  

1. WE HAVE LIMITED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
UPON WHICH YOU MAY EVALUATE OUR PERFORMANCE. 

We have a limited operating history and we are subject
to all risks inherent in a developing business enterprise. Our likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems,
expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with selling audio housing systems and the
competitive environment in which we operate. You should consider, among other factors, our prospects for success in light of the
risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like us, are in their early stages of research. We may not be able to successfully
address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our operating and acquisition strategies. If we fail to do so,
it could materially harm our business to the point of having to cease operations and could impair the value of our preferred and
common stock to the point that the investors may lose their entire investment. Even if we accomplish these objectives, we may not
be able to generate positive cash flows or profits that we anticipate in the future. 

2. OUR AUDITORS HAVE MADE REFERENCE TO THE SUBSTANTIAL
DOUBT AS TO OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCER. THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT WE WILL BE ABLE TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN. 

Our financial statements included with this Annual
Report for the year ended August 31, 2016 have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our auditors have
made reference to the substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern in their audit report on our audited financial
statements for the year ended August 31, 2016. Because the Company has been issued an opinion by its auditors that substantial
doubt exists as to whether the Company can continue as a going concern, it may be more difficult for the Company to attract investors.
Since our auditors have raised a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, this typically results greater
difficulty to obtain loans than businesses that do not have a qualified auditors opinion. Additionally, any loans we might obtain
may be on less advantageous terms. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations
from our business. We plan to seek additional funds through private placements of our preferred and common stock. You may be investing
in a company that will not have the funds necessary to continue to deploy its business strategies. If we are not able to achieve
sufficient revenues or find financing to cover our expenses, then we likely will be forced to cease operations and investors will
likely lose their entire investment. 

7 

3. WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY WITHOUT
ADDITIONAL FUNDING, WHICH MAY BE UNAVAILABLE TO US. 

We have prepared audited financial statements for the
year end for August 31, 2016. For the period from inception (August 26, 2010) through the year end for August 31, 2016, we experienced
an operating net loss of $ 4,554,259. Our ability to continue to operate as a going concern is fully dependent upon the Company
obtaining sufficient financing to continue its development and operational activities. The ability to achieve profitable operations
is in direct correlation to our ability to generate revenues or raise sufficient financing. It is important to note that even if
the appropriate financing is received, there is no guarantee that we will ever be able to operate profitably or derive any significant
revenues from its operation. If we run out of cash reserves, we would be forced to cease operations. 

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY  

4. SINCE WE HAVE JUST TRANSITIONED FROM A DEVELOPMENT
STAGE COMPANY TO A SHELL COMPANY AND CURRENTLY HAVE NO PLANS FOR FUTURE BUSINESSES, THERE ARE NO ASSURANCES THAT OUR THE COMPANY
WILL EVER BE SUCCESSFUL. 

As of the date of this filing the Company has no assets,
minimal liabilities and no employees. It is the intention of management to keep current with financial reporting requirements and
explore various lines of businesses for the Company to enter. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will ever find
appropriate business to enter and furthermore, should management successfully identify such a business or businesses, there is
no assurance that we will successfully either enter those business or enter into a transaction with entities to allow us to enter
into those lines of business.  

5. WE ARE IN A HIGHLY COMPETITIVE MARKET FOR A SMALL
NUMBER OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, THERE IS RISK THAT WE WOULD BE AN INSIGNIFICAN PARTICIPANT AMOUNG OTHER COMPANIES WITH LARGER
FINANCIAL RESOURCES. 

The Company is and will continue to be an insignificant
participant in the business of seeking mergers with, joint ventures with and acquisitions of small private and public entities.
A large number of established and well-financed entities, including venture capital firms, are active in mergers and acquisitions
of companies that may be desirable target candidates for us. 

Nearly all these entities have significantly greater
financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than we do and, consequently, we will be at a competitive
disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. Moreover, we will
also compete in seeking merger or acquisition candidates with numerous other small public companies. 

 8 

6. THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL STOCK TO COMSUMMATE A
BUSINESS COMBINATION WILL REDUCE YOUR PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP IN THE COMPANY, AND REDUCE THE VALUE OF YOUR SHARES. 

Our primary plan of operation is based upon a business
combination with a private concern that, in all likelihood, would result in the issuance of our securities to the shareholders
of the private company. The issuance of previously authorized and unissued common stock would result in reduction in percentage
of shares owned by present and prospective shareholders of the Company and may result in a change in control or management. 

7. THERE IS A RISK WE WILL NOT BE ABLE TO IDENTIFY
ANY SUITABLE BUSINESS COMBINATIONS. 

We have no arrangement, agreement or understanding
with respect to engaging in a merger with, joint venture with or acquisition of, a private or public entity. No assurances can
be given that we will successfully identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude a business combination.
Management has not identified any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation. We cannot guarantee
that we will be able to negotiate a business combination on favorable terms. 

8. SINCE WE HAVE NOT CONDUCTED ANY MARKET REEARCH,
THERE IS A RISK THAT MERGER OR ACQUISITION OPPORTUNITIES DO NOT EXIT AT THE TIME. 

We have neither conducted, nor have others made available
to us, results of market research indicating that market demand exists for the transactions we contemplate. Moreover, we do not
have, and do not plan to establish, a marketing organization. Even if demand is identified for a merger or acquisition, we cannot
assure you that we will be successful in completing a business combination. 

9. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE OF PROFITABILITY, EVEN
ONCE AN ACQUISITION HAS BEEN ACCOMPLISHED. 

We have not established a specific length of operating
history or a specified level of earnings, assets, net worth or other criteria that we will require a target business opportunity
to have achieved. Accordingly, we may enter into a business combination with a business opportunity having no significant operating
history, losses, limited or no potential for earnings, limited assets, negative net worth or other characteristics that are indicative
of development stage companies. 

 9 

10. THE REQUIREMENT OF AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MAY DISQUALIFY POTENTIAL BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES. 

Management believes that any potential business opportunity
must provide audited financial statements for review for the protection of all parties to the business combination. One or more
attractive business opportunities may choose to forego the possibility of a business combination with us, rather than incur the
expenses associated with preparing audited financial statements. 

11. IF OUR COMPANY IS NOT SUCCESSFUL, OUR STOCKHOLDERS
MAY LOSE THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT IN US. 

As discussed in the Notes to Financial Statements included
in this Annual Report, we experienced a net loss of $13,079 for the year ending August 31, 2016. Our ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon our successfully identifying and engaging in a profitable line of business. We may not be successful
in addressing these issues. 

12. OUR COMPANY MAY REQUIRE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL AND
IF WE DO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FINANCING OUR THEN EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS MAY SUFFER SUBSTANTIAL DILUTION. 

We may require additional capital to finance our continued
existence. To the extent that our resources are insufficient to fund our future activities, we may need to raise additional funds
through public or private financing. However, additional funding, if needed, may not be available on terms attractive to us, or
at all. Our inability to raise capital when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and
financial condition. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities, the percentage ownership of our
company by our current shareholders would be diluted. 

13. IN THE FUTURE, WE WILL INCUR INCREMENTAL COSTS
AS A RESULT OF OPERATING AS A PUBLIC COMPANY, AND OUR MANAGEMENT WILL BE REQUIRED TO DEVOTE SUBSTANTIAL TIME TO COMPLIANCE INITIATIVES. 

As a fully reporting company, we will incur legal,
accounting and other expenses. Moreover, the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), as well as new rules
subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various new requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in
corporate governance practices. Our management will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these new compliance initiatives.
Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more
time-consuming and costly. 

10 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires, among other things,
that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. We must perform system
and process evaluation and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management and our independent registered
public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our
internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. Our compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley will require
that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. Moreover, if we are not able to comply
with the requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies
deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our
stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would
require additional financial and management resources. 

14. THE NATURE OF OUR OPERATIONS ARE HIGHLY SPECULATIVE. 

The success of our plan of operation will depend to
a great extent on the operations, financial condition and management of the identified business opportunity. While management intends
to seek business combination(s) with entities having established operating histories, we cannot assure you that we will be successful
in locating candidates meeting that criteria. In the event we complete a business combination, the success of our operations may
be dependent upon management of the successor firm or venture partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our control. 

15. THERE MAY BE A POSSIBLE INABILITY TO FIND SUITABLE
EMPLOYEES. 

In order to implement our business plan, management
recognizes that additional staff will be required. No assurances can be given that we will be able to find suitable employees that
can support our needs or that these employees can be hired on favorable terms. We do not plan to hire any additional employees
until our cash flows can justify the expense. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMMON SHARES  

16. WE MAY, IN THE FUTURE, ISSUE ADDITIONAL COMMON
SHARES, WHICH WOULD REDUCE INVESTORS' PERCENT OF OWNERSHIP AND MAY DILUTE OUR SHARE VALUE. 

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance
of 200,000,000 shares consisting of 130,000,000 authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 authorized shares of Class
B Common Stock and 64,000,000 authorized shares of Class C Common Stock. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial
dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in
the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may
have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market
for our common stock. 

 11 

17. ALTHOUGH OUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ARE QUOTED
ON THE OTC-QB, THEY ARE PENNY STOCKS. 

 The Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act
of 1990 requires additional disclosures relating to the market for penny stocks in connection with trades in any stock defined
as a penny stock. SEC regulations generally define a penny stock to be an equity security that has a market or exercise price of
less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Such exceptions include any equity security listed on NASDAQ and any
equity security issued by an issuer that has net tangible assets of at least $100,000, if that issuer has been in continuous operation
for three years. 

Unless an exception is available, the regulations require
delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the
associated risks. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from
the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level
of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for
the penny stock, details of the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. The bid and offer quotations and broker-dealer and
salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and
must be given in writing before or with the customer's confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a
transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from such rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction.
These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for securities
that become subject to the penny stock rules. Since our securities are highly likely to be subject to the penny stock rules, should
a public market ever develop, any market for our shares of common stock may not be liquid. 

18. ALTHOUGH OUR STOCK IS LISTED ON THE OTC-BB, A TRADING
MARKET HAS NOT DEVELOPED, PURCHASERS OF OUR SECURITIES MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY SELLING THEIR SHARES. 

There is currently no active trading market in our
securities and there are no assurances that a market may develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. If no market is ever developed
for our common stock, it will be difficult for you to sell any shares in our Company. In such a case, you may find that you are
unable to achieve any benefit from your investment or liquidate your shares without considerable delay, if at all. 

12 

19. BECAUSE WE DO NOT INTEND TO PAY ANY CASH DIVIDENDS
ON OUR COMMON STOCK, OUR STOCKHOLDERS WILL NOT BE ABLE TO RECEIVE A RETURN ON THEIR SHARES UNLESS THEY SELL THEM. 

We intend to retain any future earnings to finance
the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There
is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired. 

20. WE HAVE ISSUED SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK
AND MAY IN THE FUTURE ISSUE ADDITIONAL PREFERRED STOCK THAT MAY ADVERSELY IMPACT YOUR RIGHTS AS HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

Our articles of incorporation authorize us to issue
up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Accordingly, our board of directors will have the authority to fix and determine the
relative rights and preferences of preferred shares, as well as the authority to issue such shares, without further stockholder
approval. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders
preferred rights to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividends before dividends are declared to holders of our
common stock, and the right to the redemption of such preferred shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of the
common stock. To the extent that we do issue such additional shares of preferred stock, your rights as holders of common stock
could be impaired thereby, including, without limitation, dilution of your ownership interests in us. In addition, shares of preferred
stock could be issued with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult,
which may not be in your interest as holders of common stock. 

21. WE HAVE NEVER DECLARED DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON
STOCK AND DO NOT PLAN TO DO SO IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. 

We intend to retain any future earnings to finance
the operation and expansion of its business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result,
stockholders will need to sell shares of common stock in order to realize a return on their investment, if any. You should not
rely on an investment in our company if you require dividend income. The only possibility of any income to investors would come
from any rise in the market price of your stock, which is uncertain and unpredictable. 

A holder of common stock will be entitled to receive
dividends only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore. We have never issued
dividends on our common stock. Our Board of Directors will determine future dividend policy based upon our results of operations,
financial condition, capital requirements, and other circumstances. 

13 

22. WE ISSUE ADDITIONAL SHARES OF PREFERRED AND/OR
COMMON STOCK IN THE FUTURE. 

Although our Board of Directors intends to utilize
its reasonable business judgment to fulfill its fiduciary obligations to our then existing stockholders in connection with any
future issuance of our common stock, the future issuance of additional shares of our preferred and common stock would cause immediate,
and potentially substantial, dilution to the net tangible book value of those shares of preferred and common stock that are issued
and outstanding immediately prior to such transaction. Any future decrease in the net tangible book value of our issued and outstanding
shares could have a material effect on the market value of the shares. 

23. WE DO NOT HAVE INSURANCE AND, THEREFORE, LIABILITY
WE INCUR COULD HAVE SUBSTANTIAL IMPACT ON OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN. 

We have limited capital and, therefore, we do not currently
have a policy of insurance against liabilities arising out of the negligence of our officer and director and/or arising from deficiencies
in any of our business operations. Even assuming we obtained insurance, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage would
be adequate to satisfy any potential claims made against us, our officers and directors, or our business operations or assets.
Any such liability which might arise could be substantial and would likely exceed our total assets. However, our Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws provide for indemnification of officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted under Nevada law. Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officer and controlling persons, it is
the opinion of the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission that such indemnification is against public policy, as expressed in
the Act, and is therefore, unenforceable. 

24. IF WE FAIL TO MAINTAIN AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL
CONTROLS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACCURATELY REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS OR PREVENT FRAUD AND AS A RESULT, INVESTORS MAY BE MISLED
AND LOSE CONFIDENCE IN OUR FINANCIAL REPORTING AND DISCLOSURES, AND THE PRICE OF OUR PREFERRED AND COMMON STOCK MAY BE NEGATIVELY
AFFECTED. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we report
annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. A  significant deficiency  means a deficiency
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness yet
important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the Company's financial reporting. A  material weakness 
is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. 

14 

As of August 31, 2016, management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting.
The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee due to a lack of a majority of
independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight
in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent
with control objectives. 

In addition, in connection with our on-going assessment
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we may discover  material weaknesses  in our internal
controls as defined in standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB. A material weakness
is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material
misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

Failure to provide effective internal controls may
cause investors to lose confidence in our financial reporting and may negatively affect the price of our preferred and common stock.
Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary to produce accurate, reliable financial reports and to prevent fraud. If we
have deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting, these deficiencies may negatively impact our business and
operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

All administrative facilities are housed in in Las
Vegas, NV. The Company owns no real estate. Our office is currently located at 8250 W. Charleston Blvd, Suite 110, Las Vegas, NV
89117. 

Our telephone number is: (702) 544-0195. 

 15 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not presently a party to
any material litigation, nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened against us, which may materially affect
us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable 

PART II  

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

JA Energy Common Stock, $0.001 par value,
can be found on the OTC-Bulletin Board under the symbol: JAEN. The Stock was first cleared for quotation on September 22, 2011. 

There has been limited trading of the
Company s stock, since it was listed on the OTC-BB, there are no assurances that a market will ever develop for the Company's
stock. 

The following table sets forth the range
of high and low trading price information for the common stock during the quarterly periods indicated (as retroactively adjusted
for the January 20, 2016 1 for 200 reverse stock split). 

16 

(b) Holders of Common Stock 

As of December 14, 2016,
there were approximately one hundred six (106) holders of record of our Common Stock. 

(c) Dividends 

In the future we intend to follow a policy of retaining
earnings, if any, to finance the growth of the business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
The declaration and payment of future dividends on the Common Stock will be the sole discretion of board of directors and will
depend on our profitability and financial condition, capital requirements, statutory and contractual restrictions, future prospects
and other factors deemed relevant. 

(d) Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

There are no outstanding grants or rights or any equity
plan in place. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On October 3, 2016 the Company issued
30,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class B Voting Common
Stock, which carries a voting weight equal to ten (10) Common Shares and 40,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class C Common
Stock to UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD ( UBI ), a Hong Kong company, in exchange for $200,000. These shares were issued
in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ) and were issued
under Regulation S to one (1) foreign entity who attested it is an accredited investor who is not a citizen nor a resident of the
USA. 

(f) Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 

We did not repurchase any
of our equity securities during the years ended August 31, 2016 or August 31, 2015. 

 17 

Item 6. Selected Financial
Data. 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview of Current Operations  

This section of this Annual Report includes a number
of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking
statements are often identified by words like believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or
words which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our predictions. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes
thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus. The discussion of results, causes and trends should not be construed to imply
any conclusion that these results or trends will necessarily continue into the future. 

Results of Operations for the
year ended August 31, 2016 versus the year ended August 31, 2015.  

Expenses  

During the fiscal year ended August
31, 2016, the Company had total operating expenses of $13,079, as compared to total operating expenses of $32,948 for the same
period in 2015, a decrease of $19,869 or 60.3%. The decrease in expenses represented decreases in general and administrative expenses
from the same period last year. 

Other income and expenses  

On October 15, 2014, as part of an Irrevocable
Asset and Liability Exchange Agreement (the  Agreement ) Mr. James Lusk (the largest debtor of JA Energy and its
former CEO) agreed to transfer as of March 31, 2014, all assets and liabilities from JA Energy to the Subsidiary to the extent
legally assignable. During the year ended August 31, 2015 an asset with a book value of $9,340, net of depreciation, and liabilities
totaling $628,210 were transferred to Peak Energy Holdings. This transfer resulted in other income of $618,870 for the year ended
August 31, 2015. 

18 

On October 27, 2014 the Company entered
into an agreement with two former employees, one of whom was a former director of the Company, whereby all parties agreed to release
and hold harmless from any liabilities that existed prior to the date of the agreement. The result of this agreement was the forgiveness
of this debt by the former employees of $38,186 in compensation owed to the employees which was recognized as other income during
the year ended August 31, 2015. Also, during the year ended August 31, 2015 the company recognized a gain of $21,122 related to
the forgiveness of two other payables. As a result, the Company recognized a gain of $59,308 related to the forgiveness of accounts
payable. 

For the year ended August 31, 2015 the
company recognized interest expense of $5,833 related to Notes Payable to the Company s former CEO. 

For year ended August 31, 2016 the Company
had no other income or expense. 

Net loss  

Based on the foregoing the Company
had a net loss of $13,079 for the year ended August 31, 2016 compared to income of $639,397 for the same period in 2015. 

Going Concern  

The Company has an accumulated
deficit since inception of $4,554,259. The Company has not generated any meaningful revenues to date, and its ability to continue
as a going concern is contingent upon the successful completion of additional financing arrangements and its ability to achieve
and maintain profitable operations. Management plans to raise equity capital to finance the operating and capital requirements
of the Company. In October 2016, there was a change in control of the Company. 

These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of August 31, 2016, the Company had
no assets but had current liabilities of $146,602. 

The Company has limited financial resources
available, which has had an adverse impact on the Company's liquidity, activities and operations. These limitations have adversely
affected the Company's ability to obtain certain projects and pursue additional business. The ability to raise necessary financing
will depend on many factors, including the nature and prospects of any business to be acquired and the economic and market conditions
prevailing at the time financing is sought. No assurances can be given that any necessary financing can be obtained on terms favorable
to the Company, or at all. 

19 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to
investors. 

New Accounting Standards  

Management has evaluated recently issued accounting pronouncements
through August 31, 2016 and concluded that they will not have a material effect on future financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk. 

 Not applicable. 

20 

Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. 

Index to Financial Statements 

21 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 JA Energy 

I have audited the accompanying balance sheet of JA Energy (the
 Company ) as of August 31, 2016 and the related statements of operations, stockholders  deficit, and cash flows
for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. My responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit. The financial statements of JA Energy as of August 31,
2015 were audited by another auditor whose report dated December 14, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements. 

I conducted my audit in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis for my opinion. 

In my opinion, the financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of JA Energy as of August 31, 2016 and the results of its operations
and cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

The accompanying financial statements referred to above have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company s present financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ Michael T. Studer CPA P.C.  

 Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. 

Freeport, New York  

 December 14, 2016 

F-1 

F-2 

F-3 

F-4 

F-5 

JA Energy  

   Notes to Financial Statements   

  Years Ended August 31, 2016 and
2015  

NOTE 1   ABOUT THE COMPANY 

The Company was organized August 26,
2010 (Date of Inception) under the laws of the State of Nevada, as JA Energy. The Company was incorporated as a subsidiary of Reshoot
Production Company, a Nevada corporation. Reshoot Production Company was incorporated October 31, 2007, and, at the time of spin
off was listed on the Over-the- Counter Bulletin Board. 

 On September 30, 2014, the Board of Directors passed
a resolution to form a new company called Peak Energy Holdings (Peak) with each shareholder in the Company receiving one share
of common of Peak for each share of common stock in the Company and one share of preferred stock of Peak for each share of preferred
share of the Company. 

 On November 9, 2014, JA Energy (the  Company )
entered into an Irrevocable Asset and Liability Exchange Agreement (the  Agreement ). The Agreement dealt with the
dividend spin-off JA Energy's wholly owned subsidiary, Peak Energy Holdings. At the JA Energy annual shareholder meeting, held
on September 30, 2014, the shareholders of the Company approved the transfer of all of the assets and liabilities of the Parent
into a wholly owned subsidiary. The subsidiary had the same characteristics and number of authorized and issued shares as the Parent,
whereby all Preferred and Common shareholders in the Parent received a pro-rata stock dividend in the subsidiary that is equal
to the number of shares they owned in the Parent on a one-for-one (1:1) basis. The major shareholders of the Company entered into
a separate agreement with regards to the dividend spin-off. They agreed to and put into effect the following points upon the dividend
spin-off of the Peak Energy Holdings from JA Energy: 

Mr. James Lusk (the largest debtor of JA Energy) transferred all assets
and liabilities, as of March 31, 2014, from JA Energy to the Subsidiary to the extent legally assignable.    

Two of the major shareholders in JA Energy transferred all ownership
of their Preferred and Common stock held in the subsidiary to Mr. James Lusk.    

Mr. James Lusk transferred all of the common stock ownership he owned
and controlled in JA Energy to the major shareholders.    

Mr. James Lusk provided a notarized signed letter addressed to the Company
and auditor that he agreed to transfer all assets and liabilities, as of March 31, 2014, from the Parent to the Subsidiary to the
extent legally assignable.     

JA Energy warranted that any new liabilities incurred on the books of
JA Energy after April 1, 2014 would not be transferred to the subsidiary.    

JA Energy represented and warranted that there were no liabilities,
actual or contingent, created in the subsidiary. Prior to the effective time of the transfer, the subsidiary would have no assets
nor liabilities.    

JA Energy warranted that since April 1, 2014, with the exception of
the Preferred voting shares, no other shares were issued, awarded or pledged to be issued. The number of common shares issued and
outstanding in JA Energy at March 31, 2014 were the same number of the shares issued at the date of transfer.     

Upon the completion of the transfer of assets and liabilities, shares
were exchanged and the subsidiary was divested from JA Energy and now operates independent as a separate entity of JA Energy with
its own management;     

F-6 

Mr. James Lusk took control of Peak Energy Holdings, independent of
JA Energy.    

All Parties indemnified and held harmless the other Parties from and
against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, resulting or arising from these transactions    

 The Agreement did not affect any other shareholders
in the Company who maintained their share ownership of JA Energy, and have pro-rata ownership in Peak Energy Holdings following
the dividend spin-off. 

NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN 

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit since inception
of $4,506,809. The Company has not generated any meaningful revenues to date, and its ability to continue as a going concern is
contingent upon the successful completion of additional financing arrangements and its ability to achieve and maintain profitable
operations. Management plans to raise equity capital to finance the operating and capital requirements of the Company. In October
2016 (see Note 12), there was a change in control of the Company. 

These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The relevant accounting policies are listed below. 

Basis of Accounting  

 The basis is United States generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Earnings per Share.  

 The basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing
the Company's net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding
during the year. The diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net income (loss) available to common 

 shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares
outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted
as of the first of the year for any potentially dilutive debt or equity.  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

 The Company considers all short-term investments with a maturity
of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents. 

Use of Estimates  

 In preparing financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and
expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

F-7 

Income Taxes  

 The provision for income taxes is the total of the current
taxes payable and the net of the change in the deferred income taxes. Provision is made for the deferred income taxes where differences
exist between the period in which transactions affect current taxable income and the period in which they enter into the determination
of net income in the financial statements. 

Revenue recognition  

 The Company recognizes revenue from product sales once all
the following criteria for revenue recognition have been met: pervasive evidence that an agreement exists; the services have been
rendered; the fee is fixed and determinable and not subject to refund or adjustment; and collection of the amount due is reasonably
assured. For the periods presented, the Company had no revenues. 

Year end  

 The Company's fiscal year-end is August 31. 

Reverse Stock Split  

 All references to numbers of shares of
our common stock and per-share information in the accompanying financial statements have been adjusted retroactively to reflect
the Company s 1-for- 200 reverse stock split effected on January 20, 2016. The par value was not adjusted as a result of
the reverse stock split. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

 The Company s management has evaluated recently issued
accounting pronouncements through August 31, 2016 and concluded that they will not have a material effect on future financial statements. 

NOTE 4   TRANSFER OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES TO
PEAK ENERGY HOLDINGS 

In accordance with the Agreement described in Note 1 to these
financial statements, during the year ended August 31, 2015 certain assets with a book value of $9,340, net of depreciation, and
liabilities totaling $628,210 were transferred to Peak Energy Holdings. This transfer resulted in other income of $618,870. In
addition to the $628,210 liabilities transferred to Peak, approximately $68,090 of additional liabilities as of March 31, 2014
not legally assignable to Peak without the consent of the respective debtors were the responsibility of Peak under the Agreement.
As of August 31, 2016 and 2015, accounts payable and accrued liabilities include liabilities that are the responsibility of Peak
totaling $57,451 and $57,451, respectively. The Company will contest any request for payment of any of these pre-Agreement liabilities. 

NOTE 5 - STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT 

At August 31, 2016, the Company was
authorized to issue 70,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock and 5,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value preferred
stock. On November 21, 2016 (see Note 12), the Company changed its authorized capital stock. 

During the year ended August 31, 2012,
the Company committed to issue a total of approximately 1,390 shares of common stock to various parties for services rendered or
other consideration valued at a total of $90,521 based on the prevailing trading price of the Company s common stock at the
dates of the respective commitments. The related expenses were recorded in the year ended August 31, 2012 but the shares have never
been issued. 

F-8 

NOTE 6 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

On October 15, 2014, a total amount
of $617,475 owed to the former CEO was transferred to Peak Energy Holding, in accordance with the agreement described in Note 1
to these financial statements. Included in this amount were notes payable and accrued interest of $605,980, unpaid consulting fees
of $9,550 and advances of $1,945. 

As of August 31, 2016, the Company was
obligated to Mr. Mark DeStefano ( DeStefano ) for a $50,000 note payable and $26,981 for payments made on behalf of
the Company. DeStefano had voting control of the Company from June 2014 (see Note 8) to October 24, 2016 (see Note 12) through
his ownership of the 1,000,000 shares of Voting Preferred Stock issued and outstanding (equivalent to 50,000,000 votes). 

NOTE 7 - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

The Company accounts for income taxes
under FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC 740  Income Taxes . ASC 740 requires use of the liability method. ASC
740 provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes, referred to as temporary differences. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities at the end of each period are determined using the currently enacted tax rates applied to taxable income in the
periods in which the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be settled or realized. 

As of August 31, 2016, the Company had
net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $1,021,745 that may be available to reduce future years  taxable income
through 2035. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements,
as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the
deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. Net operating losses will begin to expire in 2031. 

Components of net deferred tax assets, including a valuation
allowance, are as follows at August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015: 

The valuation allowance for deferred
tax assets as of August 31, 2016 was $357,611, as compared to $353,033 as of August 31, 2015. In assessing the recovery of the
deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred
tax assets, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As a result, management determined
it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets would not be realized as of May 31, 2016 and May 31, 2015. 

F-9 

The provision for income taxes differs
from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes. The sources
and tax effects of the differences are as follows: 

Current United States income tax laws
limit the amount of loss available to be offset against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs. Therefore,
the amount available to offset future taxable income may be limited. 

NOTE 8 - NOTES PAYABLE   Related
Party 

On April 4, 2014, the Company issued
a One-year Promissory Note ( the Note ) in the amount of $50,000 to Mark DeStefano ( DeStefano ) (see Note
6). The Note bore interest at 12% percent per annum with interest due each month. In the event that interest was not paid within
three days from the time it was due, the Note was to be considered in default and was to be fully due and payable. Additional consideration
for the Note included the Chief Executive Officer of the Company giving the note holder his voting proxy for all of the shares
he held with the exception of voting on a tender offer or a sale of the Company s assets. As of May 8, 2014, the Note was
in default. 

On May 5, 2014, the Company issued a
second One-Year Promissory Note ( the Second Note ) in the amount of $20,000 to the same stockholder noted above. The
Second Note was issued with the restriction that the funds be used specifically to pay the Company s Patent Counsel for fees
to finalize certain patent filings and was secured by all patents, and patent applications held by the Company. The Second Note
was to bear interest at 12% percent per annum with interest due each month. In the event that interest was not paid within three
days from the time it was due the Second Note would be considered in default and would be fully due and payable. 

On June 6, 2014, the Company received
notices that it was in default of the two Promissory Notes described above. Rather than default on the Notes the Company issued
1,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value Voting Preferred Stock in exchange for Notes Payable totaling $20,000 plus forgiveness of
interest totaling $1,900. Additionally, the Company agreed to designate with the State of Nevada Secretary of State that each share
of preferred carries the voting power of 50 common shares. Finally, the shareholder agreed to cancel the shares upon full payment
of the $50,000 Note, without accrued interest and the sale of five units of the MDU. 

In October 2016 (see Note 12), the $50,000
note payable was satisfied. 

NOTE 9   OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSE 

As described in Note 4, during the year
ended May 31, 2015 an asset with a book value of $9,340, net of depreciation, and liabilities totaling $628,210 were transferred
to Peak Energy Holdings. This transfer resulted in other income of $618,870. 

On October 27, 2014 the Company entered
into an agreement with two former employees, one of whom was a former director of the Company, whereby all parties agreed to release
and hold harmless from any liabilities that existed prior to the date of the agreement. The result of this agreement was the forgiveness
by the former employees of $38,186 in compensation owed to the employees. 

F-10 

NOTE 10   REVERSE STOCK SPLIT 

On January 20, 2016, the Company effected
a 1-for-200 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Reverse Stock Split ).
As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each two hundred shares of the Company s Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Reverse Stock Split were automatically combined into and became one share of common stock. No fractional shares were
issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split and any stockholder who otherwise would have been entitled to receive fractional
shares and received an additional share. Also, as a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the per share exercise price of, and the
number of shares of common stock underlying our warrants outstanding immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were automatically
proportionally adjusted based on the 1-for-200 split ratio in accordance with the terms of such warrants. Share and per-share amounts
of the Company s commons stock and warrants included herein have been adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split.
The Reverse Stock Split did not alter the par value of the Common Stock, $0.001 per share, or modify any voting rights or other
terms of the common stock. 

NOTE 11   EXCERCISABLE WARRANTS 

On March 1, 2011, the Company received
$15,000 as a loan from a non-related third party. The loan was unsecured, payable on demand and non-interest bearing. Effective
March 19, 2013, the debt was exchanged for warrants to purchase up to 6,000 shares of common $.001 par value stock at $200 per
share after March 19, 2014 and before March 19, 2017. 

NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On September 15, 2016, the Company,
with the approval of the Board of Directors agreed to issue (issued October 3, 2016) 30,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted
Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class B Voting Common Stock, which carries a voting weight equal
to ten (10) Common Shares and 40,000,000 shares of unregistered restricted Class C Common Stock to UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD
( UBI ), a Hong Kong company, in exchange for $200,000. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ) and were issued under Regulation S to one (1) foreign
entity who attested it is an accredited investor who is not a citizen nor a resident of the USA. 

On September 26, 2016, pursuant to NRS
78.1955, the Board of Directors approved the filing of a Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State to designate
Class A, B and C common shares, par value $0.001. Concurrently with the filing of this Certificate of Designation, all Common Stock
issued and outstanding shall become Class A Common Stock. Class B Common Stock carries a voting weight equal to ten (10) Common
Shares. The Class B shares can be converted into fully paid and non-assessable Common Shares, on a one-to-one basis, at the option
of the holder at any time upon written notice to the Company and its authorized transfer agent. Class C Common Stock has no voting
rights. Upon the conversion or other exchange of all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock into or for shares of Class A Common
Stock, all shares of Class C Common Stock shall be automatically, without further action by any holder thereof, converted into
an identical number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock on the date fixed therefor by the Board of
Directors that is no less than sixty-one days and no more than one hundred and eighty days following such conversion or exchange. 

Pursuant to the September 15, 2016 change
in control agreement, a representative of UBI paid into an attorney trust account $150,000 on September 14, 2016 and $67,500 on
October 11, 2016, for a total of $217,500. The $217,500 consisted of $200,000 for the newly issued shares of Class A, Class B Voting,
and Class C Common Stock and $17,500 for the payment of specific expenses. 

F-11 

In September and October 2016, a total of $175,557 was paid
from the attorney trust account to: 

On November 21, 2016, the Company reincorporated in Delaware
under the name UBI Blockchain Internet LTD. and increased the number of authorized shares from 75,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares
consisting of 130,000,000 authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, 6,000,000 authorized shares of Class B Common Stock and 64,000,000
authorized shares of Class C Common Stock. 

F-12 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

(a) Dismissal of Seale and Beers,
CPAs 

On September 16, 2016 (the  Dismissal
Date ), the Board of Directors of JA Energy (the  Registrant  or the  Company ) approved of the dismissal
of Seale and Beers, CPAs as the Registrant s independent registered public accounting firm. 

The reports of Seale and Beers,
CPAs on the Company s financial statements for the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014 did not contain an adverse opinion
or disclaimer of opinion, and such reports were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principle,
except for an explanatory paragraph as to the Registrant s ability to continue as a going concern for year ended August 31,
2015 and 2014. 

During the years ended August
31, 2015 and 2014 and through September 16, 2016, the Company has not had any disagreements with Seale and Beers, CPAs on any matter
of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not
resolved to Seale and Beers, CPAs satisfaction, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their reports on the Company s
financial statements for such periods. 

During the years ended August
31, 2015 and 2014 and through September 16, 2016, there were no reportable events, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation
S-K. 

(b) Engagement of AMC Auditing 

On September 16, 2016 (the  Engagement
Date ), the Registrant's Board of Directors approved the appointment of and engaged AMC Auditing, 8250 W Charleston Blvd,
Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89117, as the Registrant's independent registered public accounting firm. During the Registrant's two
most recent fiscal years, the subsequent interim periods thereto, and through the Engagement Date, neither the Registrant nor anyone
on its behalf consulted the Current Accountants regarding either (1) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction
regarding the Company, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company's financial
statements; or (2) any matter regarding the Company that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv)
of Regulation S-K and related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K). 

22 

c) Dismissal of AMC Auditing 

On October 20, 2016 (the  Dismissal
Date ), the Board of Directors of JA Energy (the  Registrant  or the  Company ) approved of the dismissal
of AMC Auditing as the Registrant s independent registered public accounting firm. AMC Auditing was engaged by the Company
to perform an audit on its financial statements for the year ending August 31, 2016. However, no work was performed prior to its
dismissal. 

During the years ended August
31, 2015 and 2014 and through October 20, 2016, there were no reportable events, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

(d) Engagement of Michael T. Studer
CPA P.C. 

On October 20, 2016 (the  Engagement
Date ), the Registrant's Board of Directors approved the appointment of and engaged Michael T. Studer CPA P.C., 111 West Sunrise
Highway, Second Floor East, Freeport, N.Y. 11520, as the Registrant's independent registered public accounting firm. During the
Registrant's two most recent fiscal years, the subsequent interim periods thereto, and through the Engagement Date, neither the
Registrant nor anyone on its behalf consulted the Current Accountants regarding either (1) the application of accounting principles
to a specified transaction regarding the Company, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on the Company's financial statements; or (2) any matter regarding the Company that was either the subject of a disagreement (as
defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) or a reportable event (as
defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

Item 9A(T). Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

Our disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in rules and forms adopted by the SEC, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

23 

Management, with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective because of the  material weaknesses  described below under  Management's report on internal control
over financial reporting,  which are in the process of being remediated as described below under  Management Plan to
Remediate Material Weaknesses.  

Management's Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting,
as defined in rules promulgated under the Exchange Act, is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer and affected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;    

provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our Board of Directors; and    

provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on our financial statements.    

Because of its inherent limitations,
a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures.
Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper override. Because of such limitations,
there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial
reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process, and it is possible to design
into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Further, over time control may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 24 

Our management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2016. In making its assessment, management used the criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
( COSO ). Based on its assessment, management has concluded that we had certain control deficiencies described below
that constituted material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. As a result, our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective as of August 31, 2016. 

A  material weakness 
is defined under SEC rules as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company's internal controls. As a result of management's review of the investigation
issues and results, and other internal reviews and evaluations that were completed after the end of quarter related to the preparation
of management's report on internal controls over financial reporting required for this annual report on Form 10-K, management concluded
that we had material weaknesses in our control environment and financial reporting process consisting of the following: 

1) lack of a functioning audit
committee due to a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and 

2) insufficient written policies
and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure
requirements. 

We do not believe the material
weaknesses described above caused any meaningful or significant misreporting of our financial condition and results of operations
for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the
lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring
of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future
periods. 

Management Plan to Remediate
Material Weaknesses  

Management is pursuing the implementation
of corrective measures to address the material weaknesses described below. In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses
and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

25 

We will create a position to segregate
duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the
accounting function when funds are available to us. We plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors
who shall be appointed to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight
in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and
assumptions made by management when funds are available to us. 

We believe the remediation measures
described above will remediate the material weaknesses we have identified and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting.
We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control processes and will continue to diligently and vigorously review
our financial reporting controls and procedures. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial
reporting, we may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify, or in appropriate
circumstances not to complete, certain of the remediation measures described above. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during
the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

26 

PART III  

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate
Governance. 

The names, ages and positions of the Company's directors
and executive officer are as follows: 

Biographies of the Management Team of JA Energy  

Barry Hall, Director and Chief Financial Officer  

Barry Hall concurrently is the President of Carlaris
LV Inc. (Carlaris), which provides managing and consulting services. Since July 2007 Hall has served as President of Carlaris and
its predecessor company Carlaris, Inc., which provides management and consulting services. Mr. Hall also serves at Executive Chairman
CEO and CFO of EZJR, Inc. (symbol: EZJR), a retailer of human hair extensions and related beauty product and an Internet marketing
and service provider. 

Prior to the formation of Carlaris, Hall had
various management roles including Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CalAmp Corp. (symbol:CAMP), Chief Financial Officer
of Earthlink, Inc. (symbol:ELNK), Chief Financial Officer of Styleclick, Inc., Chief Financial Officer of L.A. Cellular and Chief
Financial Officer of Applied Solar Energy Corporation. Early in his career Hall worked as a Certified Public Accountant and audit
manager for Arthur Young   Company where he managed the audits of a variety of companies in the high-tech, financial services
and restaurant industries. 

Hall holds an MBA and a BA in Mathematics, both earned
at San Diego State University. Between earning these degrees Hall served as a First Lieutenant in the United States Marine Corp
and was selected for the rank of Captain prior to his discharge. 

27 

Frank Arnone, Director  

Frank Arnone received his Bachelor of Arts in Marketing from
Long Island University in 1972, and served in the United States Army from 1966-1970. He has over 30 years of experience in consumer
marketing at various restaurant companies at both the regional and national level, including Foodmaker Inc., Steak and Ale Restaurant
Group, Pepsico-Restaurant Division and Flagstar/Advantica Inc. While working in this industry his emphasis was on brand development,
research and design of new products and the implementation of advertising and media planning. 

From 2007-2009 he served as the President and Director of
Total Nutraceutical Solutions (OTCBB: TNUS) (formerly Generic Marketing Services). 

He is the founder and president of Sir Toms Tobacco Emporium
a small retail chain which focuses on specialty products for the male consumer. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

The following table sets forth certain compensation information
for: (i) each person who served as the chief executive officer of our company at any time during the years ended August 31, 2016
and 2015, regardless of compensation level, and (ii) each of our other executive officers, other than the chief executive officer,
serving as an executive officer at any time during 2015-2016. Compensation information is shown for fiscal years 2016 and 2015. 

JA Energy Summary Compensation Table  

28 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and related stockholder matters 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth certain
information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 12, 2016, for: a) each stockholder known
by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock; b)
each of our directors; c) each of our named executive officers; and d) all of our directors and executive officers as a group.
We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as
indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in
the following table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Class A common stock or Class B common
stock that they beneficially own. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 30,217,046 shares of Class A common stock and 6,000,000
shares of Class B common stock outstanding at December 12, 2016 for a total 36,217,045 common shares. With the exception of Class
B shares, that can convert on a 1-for-1 basis for fully paid and nonassessable Class A Common Stock, at the option of the holder
at any time upon written notice to the Company and its authorized transfer agent, we do not have any outstanding options, warrants
or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 

29 

(1) Percentage of total voting power
represents voting power with respect to all shares of our Class A Common Stock (30,217,046 issued and outstanding) and Class B
Voting stock (6,000,000 shares issued and outstanding), as a single class. The holder of our Class B Voting Stock is entitled to
ten votes per share, and holders of our Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. The 6,000,000 Class B shares have
voting rights equal to 60,000,000 common shares. Percentage of Total Voting Power is calculated based on an aggregate of 90,217,046
(30,217,046 Class A Common + 60,000,000 Class B Voting Common) shares issued and outstanding. 

2) Barry Hall, 8250 W. Charleston Blvd, Suite 110. Las Vegas,
NV 89117. 

3) Frank Arnone, 8250 W. Charleston Blvd, Suite 110. Las
Vegas, NV 89117. 

4) UBI Blockchain Internet, LTD, Smart-Space
3F, Level 9, Cyberport 3, 100 Cyberport Road, Hong Kong, People's Republic of China. Tony Liu is the beneficial owner who  exercises
the sole voting and  dispositive powers with respect to the shares owned and has the ultimate voting control over the shares
held this entity. 

30 

We believe that all persons named have full voting and investment
power with respect to the shares indicated, unless otherwise noted in the table. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, a person (or group of persons) is deemed to be a  beneficial owner  of a security if he or she, directly
or indirectly, has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct
the disposition of such security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security.
A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such
as options or warrants to purchase our common stock. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence 

Barry Hall, the Company's CFO/Director has contributed office
space to the Company. There is no charge to us for the space, and the director will not seek compensation for the use of this space. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. served as
our principal independent public accountant for the year ending August 31, 2016. Seale and Beers, CPAs served as our principal
independent public accountants for reporting fiscal year ending August 31, 2015. The aggregate fees billed to us or incurred by
us to Michael T. Studer CPA P.C for the year ended August 31, 2016 and Seale and Beers, CPAs for the year ended August 31, 2015
are as follows: 

Total fees paid or accrued to our principal
auditor 

(1) Audit Fees include fees billed and
expected to be billed for services performed to comply with Generally Accepted Auditing Standards (GAAS), including the recurring
audit of the Company's financial statements for such period included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and for the reviews of
the quarterly financial statements included in the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

31 

Audit Committee Policies and Procedures  

We do not have an audit committee; therefore,
our sole director pre-approves all services to be provided to us by our independent auditor. This process involves obtaining (i)
a written description of the proposed services, (ii) the confirmation of our Principal Accounting Officer that the services are
compatible with maintaining specific principles relating to independence, and (iii) confirmation from our securities counsel that
the services are not among those that our independent auditors have been prohibited from performing under SEC rules. Our directors
then make a determination to approve or disapprove the engagement our independent public accountant for the proposed services.
In the fiscal years ending August 31, 2016 and 2015, all fees paid to our independent public accountants were unanimously pre-approved
in accordance with this policy. 

Less than 50 percent of hours expended
on the principal accountant's engagement to audit the registrant's financial statements for the most recent fiscal year were attributed
to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant's full-time, permanent employees 

32 

PART IV 

 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

 The following information required under this item
is filed as part of this report: 

(a) 1. Financial Statements 

Page  

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
     24  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

F-1   
 
     Balance Sheets 

F-2   

Statements of Operations  

F-3   

Statements of Stockholders' Equity  

F-4   

Statements of Cash Flows  

F-5   

(b) Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

33 

(c) Exhibit Index 

* Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive
data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

JA Energy  
         Registrant  

Date:  December 14, 2016 
            /s/ Barry Hall 

Name: Barry Hall 

Title: President, Director 
         Principal Executive Officer 
         Principal Financial Officer 
         Principal Accounting Officer   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this report
below. 

Signature   

Title   
     
          Date    

/s/ Barry Hall 
         Barry Hall  

President, Director and 
         Chief Executive Officer, 
         Chief Financial Officer  
       
     December 14, 2016 

/s/ Frank Arnone 
         Frank Arnone  
       
     Director 
       
     December 14, 2016 

35 

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1   

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC,
SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

 I, Barry Hall, certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed this report
on Form 10-K of JA Energy; 

 2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

 3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

 4. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

 (a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 (d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 (a) All significant deficiencies
and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

 Date: December 14, 2016 

/s/   Barry Hall                                                                                                   

Barry Hall,
Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

        and Chief Financial
Officer 

        (Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 exhibit32-1.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the annual report of JA Energy (the
 Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the  Report ), I, Barry Hall, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

ii.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: December 14, 2016 

/s/        
Barry Hall                                                                               

Name:   Barry Hall 

 Title:     Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

               (Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

