<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_712771_0001206774-16-007523_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11012122</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>166179</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>558926</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3309236</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4870963</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1880112</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>114</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-16-007523.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107144252
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-16-007523
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000712771
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				521273725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11486
		FILM NUMBER:		161977688

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 SYLVAN AVENUE
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD CLIFFS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07632
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2018168900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 SYLVAN AVENUE
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD CLIFFS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07632

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTER BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-16-007523.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 connectone3145151-10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549      
   FORM 10-Q
     
   (Mark One)      
  
   For the transition period
from _________ to _________     
   Commission File Number:
000-11486      

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC.    
   
      (Exact   N  ame
      of Regis  t  rant
      as Specif  i  ed
      in Its Char  t  er)   
   
       New Jersey   
       52-1273725    
   
      (St  a  te
      or Other J  u  risdiction of  
      (IRS
      Em  p  loyer   
   
      Inc  o  rporation or   O  rganization)  
      Identificati  o  n
      No.)   
   
       301 Sylvan Avenue    
   
       Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey 07632    
   
      (Addr  e  ss
      of Principa  l   Executive Of  f  ices) (Zip Co  d  e)     
   201-816-8900   
   (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes       No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one):  

Larg  e   accelerated filer       
            
       Accelerated   f  iler         
            
       Non-accelerated filer       
            
       Sm  a  ller reporting company        

(Do not ch  e  ck if smaller   

reportin  g   company)   

Indic  a  te by
check   m  ark whether t  h  e registrant is a shell
compa  n  y (as defined in Rule 12b-2     of the
Excha  n  ge Act). Yes           No        
  Indic  a  te the
numbe  r   of shares out  s  tanding of ea  c  h of
the issue  r   s classes of c  o  mmon stock, as of the
lates  t   practicable d  a  te.   

Table of
  Contents    

Page    
   
       PART I   FINANCIAL
      INFORMATION     

Item
      1.  
      
      Financial Statements  

Consolidated Statements of Condition at
      September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
       
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Income for the three
      and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
      
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
      for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
      (unaudited)  
      
      5   

Consolidated Statements of Changes in
      Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for
      the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (unaudited)  
      
      6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
      nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
      
      7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial
      Statements    
      
      8   
   
      Item 2.  
      
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of
      Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
      
      45   
   
      Item
      3.  
      
      Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about
      Market Risks    
      
      59   
   
      Item 4.  
      
      Controls and Procedures    
      
      60   
   
       PART II   OTHER
      INFORMATION     

Item 1.  
      
      Legal Proceedings    
      
      61   
   
      Item
      1a.  
      
      Risk
      Factors    
      
      61   
   
      Item 2.  
      
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
      of Proceeds    
      
      62   
   
      Item
      3.  
      
      Defaults Upon Senior
    Securities    
      
      62   
   
      Item 4.  
      
      Mine Safety Disclosures    
      
      62   
   
      Item
      5.  
      
      Other Information    
      
      62   
   
      Item 6.  
      
      Exhibits    
      
      63   
   
       SIGNATURES   

2       

Item 1. Financial
Statements      
   CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION      

See accompanying
      notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.      
   
      3     

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME        (unaudited)

See accompanying
      notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.      
   
      4     

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME        (unaudited)   

See accompanying
      notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.      
   
      5     

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY     (unaudited)      

See accompanying
      notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.      
   
      6     

CONNECTONE BANCORP, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS        (unaudited)    

See accompanying
      notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.      
   
      7     

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)      
   Note 1. Nature of
Operations and Principles of Consolidation      
  The consolidated financial
statements of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. (the  Parent Corporation ) are prepared
on an accrual basis and include the accounts of the Parent Corporation and its
wholly-owned subsidiary, ConnectOne Bank (the  Bank  and, collectively with the
Parent Corporation and the Parent Corporation s other direct and indirect
subsidiaries, the  Company ). All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated from the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.   
  The Bank is a community-based,
full-service New Jersey-chartered commercial bank that was founded in 2005. The
Bank operates from its headquarters located at 301 Sylvan Avenue in the Borough
of Englewood Cliffs, Bergen County, New Jersey and through its twenty other
banking offices. Substantially all loans are secured by specific items of
collateral including business assets, consumer assets, and commercial and
residential real estate or are expected to be paid from cash flow of business
operations. Commercial loans are expected to be repaid from cash flow from
business operations. There are no significant concentrations of loans to any one
industry or client. However, the clients  ability to repay their loans is
dependent on the cash flows, real estate and general economic conditions in the
area.  
  The preceding unaudited
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for
interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule
10-01 of Regulation S-X, and, accordingly, do not include all of the information
and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. However, in
the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring
accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.
Operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year
ending December 31, 2016, or for any other interim period. The Company s 2015
Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read in conjunction with these consolidated
financial statements.     
  In preparing the consolidated
financial statements, management has made estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the dates of the
consolidated statements of condition and that affect the results of operations
for the periods presented. Actual results could differ significantly from those
estimates.  
  The consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP. Some items in the prior
year consolidated financial statements were reclassified to conform to current
presentation. Reclassifications had no effect on prior year net income or
stockholders  equity.   
   Note 2. New Authoritative
Accounting Guidance    
  ASU No. 2014-09,
    Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606).     ASU
2014-09 implements a common revenue standard that clarifies the principles for
recognizing revenue. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that an entity should
recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that
core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: (i) identify the
contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the
contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction
price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue
when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 was
originally going to be effective for us on January 1, 2017; however, the FASB
recently issued ASU 2015-14,     Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Deferral of the
Effective Date     which deferred
the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to January 1, 2018. The Company is
currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated
financial statements.   
  ASU No. 2014-12,
    Accounting for Share-Based
Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be
Achieved after the Requisite Service Period    ("ASU 2014-12"). ASU 2014-12 requires that a
performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved after the
requisite service period, be treated as a performance condition. As such, the
performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant date fair
value of the award. This update further clarifies that compensation cost should
be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance
target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable
to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. The
Company adopted ASU 2014-12 effective on January 1, 2016 and its adoption did
not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements.   
  ASU No. 2015-03,
"   Interest-Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30) Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs    ( ASU 2015-13)" requires
that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in
the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt
liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement
guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in the ASU
No. 2015-03. The Company adopted ASU No. 2015-03 effective on January 1, 2016
and its adoption did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)      
   Note 2. New Authoritative
Accounting Guidance   (continued)    
  ASU No. 2015-12,
"   Plan Accounting: Defined Benefit
Pension Plans (Topic 960): Defined Contribution Pension Plans   , (Topic 962): Health and Welfare Benefit Plans,
(Topic 965): (Part I) Fully Benefit-Responsive Investment Contracts, (Part II)
Plan Investment Disclosures, (Part III) Measurement Date Practical Expedient."
ASU No. 2015-12 simplifies accounting for employee benefit plans as follows: (i)
fully benefit-responsive investment contracts are now to be measured, presented
and disclosed at contract value, (ii) the requirement to disclose investments
that represent 5 percent or more of net assets available for benefits has been
eliminated, (iii) the net appreciation or depreciation in investments for the
period should be presented in the aggregate, but is no longer required to be
disaggregated and disclosed by general type, (iv) if an investment is measured
using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient in
Topic 820, and that investment is in a fund that files a U.S. Department of
Labor Form 5500, Annual Return/Report of Employee Benefit Plan, as a direct
filing entity, disclosure of that investment s strategy is no longer required,
and (v) allows employers to measure (as a practical expedient) benefit plan
assets on a month-end date nearest to the employer s fiscal year end when the
fiscal period does not coincide with a month end. The Company adopted ASU No.
2015-12 effective on January 1, 2016 and its adoption did not have a significant
impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.   
  ASU No. 2015-15,
    Interest   Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30)   Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance
Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements. Amendments to SEC Paragraphs
Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting."    ASU 2015-15 adds SEC paragraphs pursuant to an SEC
Staff Announcement that given the absence of authoritative guidance within ASU
2015-03 for debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements, the SEC
staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs
as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably
over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are
any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The adoption of
ASU 2015-15 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements.   
  ASU No. 2015-16,
    Business Combinations (Topic 805)
- Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period     Adjustments.     ASU 2015-16 requires that adjustments to
provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period of a
business combination be recognized in the reporting period in which the
adjustment amounts are determined. The acquirer must also disclose, by line
item, the amount of the adjustment reflected in the current-period income
statement that would have been recognized in previous periods if the adjustment
to the provision amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. Under
previous guidance, adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the
measurement period are to be recognized retrospectively. The adoption of ASU
2015-16 will impact the accounting for future acquisitions.   
  ASU No. 2016-01,
   Financial Instruments   Overall
(Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities.     ASU 2016-1, among
other things; (i) requires equity investments, with certain exceptions, to be
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, (ii)
simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily
determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify
impairment; (iii) eliminates the requirement for public business entities to
disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value
that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized
cost on the balance sheet; (iv) requires public business entities to use the
exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for
disclosure purposes; (v) requires an entity to present separately in other
comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a
liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when
the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with
the fair value option for financial instruments; (vi) requires separate
presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement
category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying
notes to the financial statements; and (vii) clarifies that an entity should
evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to
available-for-sale. ASU 2016-1 will be effective for us on
January 1, 2018 and we are currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU No. 2016-01 on our consolidated financial statements.   
  ASU No. 2016-02,
    Leases (Topic
842)     requires the recognition of
a right of use asset and related lease liability by lessees for leases
classified as operating leases under current accounting principles GAAP. Topic
842, which replaces the current guidance under Topic 840, retains a distinction
between finance leases and operating leases. The recognition, measurement, and
presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee also
will not significantly change from current GAAP. For leases with a term of 12
months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by
class of underlying asset not to recognize right of use assets and lease
liabilities. Topic 842 will be effective for the Company for reporting periods
beginning January 1, 2019, with an early adoption permitted. The Company must
apply a modified retrospective transition approach for the applicable leases
existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the consolidated financial statements. The modified
retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases
that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. We are currently
evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-10 on our consolidated financial
statements.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)      
   Note 2. New Authoritative
Accounting Guidance   (continued)    
  ASU 2016-09,    Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment     Accounting   .      Under ASU 2016-09 all excess tax benefits and tax
deficiencies related to share-based payment awards should be recognized as
income tax expense or benefit in the income statement during the period in which
they occur. Previously, such amounts were recorded in the pool of excess tax
benefits included in additional paid-in capital, if such pool was available.
Because excess tax benefits are no longer recognized in additional paid-in
capital, the assumed proceeds from applying the treasury stock method when
computing earnings per share should exclude the amount of excess tax benefits
that would have previously been recognized in additional paid-in capital.
Additionally, excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income
tax cash flows as an operating activity rather than a financing activity, as was
previously the case. ASU 2016-09 also provides that an entity can make an
entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards
that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they
occur. ASU 2016-09 changes the threshold to qualify for equity classification
(rather than as a liability) to permit withholding up to the maximum statutory
tax rates (rather than the minimum as was previously the case) in the applicable
jurisdictions. ASU 2016-09 will be effective on January 1, 2017 and is not
expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
  
  ASU No.
2016-10,    Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and
Licensing.     ASU 2016-10 was issued
to clarify ASC Topic 606,     Revenue
from Contracts with Customers    
related to (i) identifying performance obligations; and (ii) the licensing
implementation guidance. The effective date and transition of ASU 2016-10 is the
same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09,     Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606),     as discussed above. We are
currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-10 on our consolidated
financial statements.   
  ASU No.  2016-12,    Revenue
from Contracts  with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical      Expedients   . 
ASU 2016-12 was issued to clarify ASC Topic 606,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  and to address
narrow-scope improvements  to the guidance on collectability, noncash consideration, and completed  contracts at transition.
Additionally, the amendments in this Update provide a  practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and an
accounting  policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other similar  taxes collected from customers. The
effective date and transition of ASU 2016-12  is the same as the effective date and transition of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue
from  Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  as discussed above. We are currently  evaluating the potential impact of
ASU 2016-10 on our consolidated financial  statements.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 2. New Authoritative
Accounting Guidance   (continued)    
  ASU No. 2016-15,    Statement of Cash Flows (Topic
230)   :    Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments     provides guidance on
the following eight specific cash flow issues: (1) Debt Prepayment or Debt
Extinguishment Costs: Cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment
costs should be classified as cash outflows for financing activities; (2)
Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon
Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate
of the Borrowing: At the settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other
debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation
to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, the issuer should classify the
portion of the cash payment attributable to the accreted interest related to the
debt discount as cash outflows for operating activities, and the portion of the
cash payment attributable to the principal as cash outflows for financing
activities; (3) Contingent Consideration Payments Made after a Business
Combination: Cash payments not made soon after the acquisition date of a
business combination by an acquirer to settle a contingent consideration
liability should be separated and classified as cash outflows for financing
activities and operating activities. Cash payments up to the amount of the
contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date (including
measurement-period adjustments) should be classified as financing activities;
any excess should be classified as operating activities. Cash payments made soon
after the acquisition date of a business combination by an acquirer to settle a
contingent consideration liability should be classified as cash outflows for
investing activities; (4) Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims: Cash
proceeds received from the settlement of insurance claims should be classified
on the basis of the related insurance coverage (that is, the nature of the
loss). For insurance proceeds that are received in a lump-sum settlement, an
entity should determine the classification on the basis of the nature of each
loss included in the settlement; (5) Proceeds from the Settlement of
Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned Life Insurance
Policies: Cash proceeds received from the settlement of corporate-owned life
insurance policies should be classified as cash inflows from investing
activities. The cash payments for premiums on corporate-owned policies may be
classified as cash outflows for investing activities, operating activities, or a
combination of investing and operating activities; (6) Distributions Received
from Equity Method Investees: When a reporting entity applies the equity method,
it should make an accounting policy election to classify distributions received
from equity method investees using either of the following approaches: a.
Cumulative earnings approach: Distributions received are considered returns on
investment and classified as cash inflows from operating activities, unless the
investor s cumulative distributions received less distributions received in
prior periods that were determined to be returns of investment exceed cumulative
equity in earnings recognized by the investor. When such an excess occurs, the
current-period distribution up to this excess should be considered a return of
investment and classified as cash inflows from investing activities. b. Nature
of the distribution approach: Distributions received should be classified on the
basis of the nature of the activity or activities of the investee that generated
the distribution as either a return on investment (classified as cash inflows
from operating activities) or a return of investment (classified as cash inflows
from investing activities) when such information is available to the investor.
If an entity elects to apply the nature of the distribution approach and the
information to apply that approach to distributions received from an individual
equity method investee is not available to the investor, the entity should
report a change in accounting principle on a retrospective basis by applying the
cumulative earnings approach in (1) for that investee. In such situations, an
entity should disclose that a change in accounting principle has occurred with
respect to the affected investee(s)  due to the lack of available
information and should provide the disclosures required in paragraphs
250-10-50-1(b) and 250-10-50-2, as applicable. This amendment does not address
equity method investments measured using the fair value option; (7) Beneficial
Interests in Securitization Transactions: A transferor s beneficial interest
obtained in a securitization of financial assets should be disclosed as a non
cash activity, and cash receipts from payments on a transferor s beneficial
interests in securitized trade receivables should be classified as cash inflows
from investing activities; (8) Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and
Application of the Predominance Principle: The classification of cash receipts
and payments that have aspects of more than one class of cash flows should be
determined first by applying specific guidance in generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP). In the absence of specific guidance, an entity should
determine each separately identifiable source or use within the cash receipts
and cash payments on the basis of the nature of the underlying cash flows. An
entity should then classify each separately identifiable source or use within
the cash receipts and payments on the basis of their nature in financing,
investing, or operating activities. In situations in which cash receipts and
payments have aspects of more than one class of cash flows and cannot be
separated by source or use, the appropriate classification should depend on the
activity that is likely to be the predominant source or use of cash flows for
the item. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business
entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the
amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the
beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that
elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The
amendments in this Update should be applied using a retrospective transition
method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments
retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be
applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is
currently evaluating this ASU to determine the impact on its consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.   
 
  ASU No. 2016-13,
    Financial Instruments   Credit
Losses (Topic 326): Assets Measured at Amortized Cost.  ASU
2016-   13 requires a financial
asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be
presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit
losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of
the financial asset(s) to present the net carrying value at the amount expected
to be collected on the financial asset. The income statement reflects the
measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as
the expected increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken
place during the period. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on
relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current
conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the
collectability of the reported amount. An entity must use judgment in
determining the relevant information and estimation methods that are appropriate
in its circumstances. The allowance for credit losses for purchased financial
assets with a more-than insignificant amount of credit deterioration since
origination (PCD assets) that are measured at amortized cost basis is determined
in a similar manner to other financial assets measured at amortized cost basis;
however, the initial allowance for credit losses is added to the purchase price
rather than being reported as a credit loss expense. Only subsequent changes in
the allowance for credit losses are recorded as a credit loss expense for these
assets. Interest income for PCD assets should be recognized based on the
effective interest rate, excluding the discount embedded in the purchase price
that is attributable to the acquirer assessment of credit losses at acquisition.
Available-for-Sale Debt Securities Credit losses relating to available-for-sale
debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses.
Available-for-sale accounting recognizes that value may be realized either
through collection of contractual cash flows or through sale of the security.
Therefore, the amendments limit the amount of the allowance for credit losses to
the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost because the
classification as available for sale is premised on an investment strategy that
recognizes that the investment could be sold at fair value, if cash collection
would result in the realization of an amount less than fair value. The allowance
for credit losses for purchased available-for-sale securities with a
more-than-insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination is
determined in a similar manner to other available-for-sale debt securities;
however, the initial allowance for credit losses is added to the purchase price
rather than reported as a credit loss expense. Only subsequent changes in the
allowance for credit losses are recorded in credit loss expense. Interest income
should be recognized based on the effective interest rate, excluding the
discount embedded in the purchase price that is attributable to the acquirer s
assessment of credit losses at acquisition. For public business entities that
are U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filers, the amendments in this
Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other public
business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-10 on our
consolidated financial statements.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 3. Earnings per Common
Share   
  Basic earnings per common
share ( EPS ) is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted EPS includes
any additional common shares as if all potentially dilutive common shares were
issued (e.g., stock options). The Company s weighted average common shares
outstanding for diluted EPS include the effect of stock options and restricted
stock awards outstanding using the Treasury Stock Method, which are not included
in the calculation of basic EPS.  
  Earnings per common share have
been computed as follows:   

(1)  
      Represents
      incremental shares computed using the treasury stock method.   
   
      (2)  
      Anti-dilutive shares
      are not included in determining diluted earnings per share. There were no
      anti-dilutive shares in the three and nine months ended September 30,
      2016.    
   Note 4. Investment
Securities    
  The Company s investment
securities are classified as available-for-sale at September 30, 2016 and as
available-for-sale and held-to-maturity at December 31, 2015. Investment
securities available-for-sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains
or losses included in equity, net of tax. Accordingly, the carrying value of
such securities reflects their fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. Fair value is based upon either quoted market prices, or in certain
cases where there is limited activity in the market for a particular instrument,
assumptions are made to determine their fair value. See Note 7 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion.   
  Transfers of debt securities
from the available-for-sale category to the held-to-maturity category are made
at fair value at the date of transfer. The unrealized holding gain or loss at
the date of transfer remains in accumulated other comprehensive income and in
the carrying value of the held-to-maturity investment security. Premiums or
discounts on investment securities are amortized or accreted using the effective
interest method over the life of the security as an adjustment of yield.
Unrealized holding gains or losses that remain in accumulated other
comprehensive income are amortized or accreted over the remaining life of the
security as an adjustment of yield, offsetting the related amortization of the
premium or accretion of the discount.   
  Transfers of debt securities
from the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category are made
at fair value at the date of transfer. The unrealized holding gain or loss at
the date of the transfer shall be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive
income, net of applicable taxes.  
  During the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 the Company transferred all securities previously categorized
as held-to-maturity to available-for-sale classification. The transfer resulted
in an increase of approximately $210 million in amortized cost basis of
available-for-sale securities and resulted in a net increase to accumulated
other comprehensive income of $7.4 million, net of tax. This transfer will
enhance liquidity and increase flexibility with regard to asset-liability
management and balance sheet composition.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 4. Investment
Securities   (continued)    
  The following tables present
information related to the Company s investment securities at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
   Note 4. Investment
Securities   (continued)   
  The following table presents
information for investment securities at September 30, 2016, based on scheduled
maturities. Actual maturities can be expected to differ from scheduled
maturities due to prepayment or early call options of the issuer.   

Gross gains and losses from
the sales, calls and maturities of investment securities for the three-month and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:

The Company performs regular
analysis on the available-for-sale securities portfolio to determine whether a
decline in fair value indicates that an investment is other-than-temporarily
impaired in accordance with FASB ASC 320-10. FASB ASC 320-10 requires companies
to record other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) charges through earnings if
they have the intent to sell, or more likely than not will be required to sell,
an impaired debt security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If the
Company intends to sell or it is more likely than not it will be required to
sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, less any current
period credit loss, the OTTI is recognized in earnings equal to the entire
difference between the investment s amortized cost basis and its estimated fair
value at the balance sheet date. If the Company does not intend to sell the
security and it is more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell
the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current period
loss, and as such, it determines that a decline in fair value is
other-than-temporary, the OTTI is separated into the amount representing the
credit loss and the amount related to all other factors. The amount of the OTTI
related to the credit loss is determined based on the present value of cash
flows expected to be collected and is recognized in earnings. The amount of the
total OTTI related to other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income,
net of applicable taxes. The previous amortized cost basis less the OTTI
recognized in earnings becomes the new amortized cost basis of the investment.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
   Note 4. Investment
Securities   (continued)    
  The Company reviews all
securities for potential recognition of other-than-temporary impairment. The
Company maintains a watch list for the identification and monitoring of
securities experiencing problems that require a heightened level of review. This
could include credit rating downgrades.   
  The Company s assessment of
whether an impairment in the portfolio is other-than temporary includes factors
such as whether the issuer has defaulted on scheduled payments, announced
restructuring and/or filed for bankruptcy, has disclosed severe liquidity
problems that cannot be resolved, disclosed deteriorating financial condition or
sustained significant losses.   
    Temporarily Impaired
Investments       
  The Company does not believe
that any of the unrealized losses, which were comprised of 36 and
74 investment securities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, represent an other-than-temporary impairment. The gross unrealized
losses associated with U.S. Treasury and agency securities, federal agency
obligations, mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds, tax-exempt securities,
asset-backed securities, trust preferred securities, mutual funds and equity
securities are not considered to be other-than-temporary because these
unrealized losses are related to changes in interest rates and do not affect the
expected cash flows of the underlying collateral or issuer.   
  Factors which may contribute
to unrealized losses include credit risk, market risk, changes in interest
rates, economic cycles, and liquidity risk. The magnitude of any unrealized loss
may be affected by the relative concentration of the Company s investment in any
one issuer or industry. The Company has established policies to reduce exposure
through diversification of the investment portfolio including limits on
concentrations to any one issuer. The Company believes the investment portfolio
is prudently diversified.   
  The unrealized losses included
in the tables below are primarily related to changes in interest rates and
credit spreads. All of the Company s investment securities are performing and
are expected to continue to perform in accordance with their respective
contractual terms and conditions. These are largely intermediate duration
holdings and, in certain cases, monthly principal payments can further reduce
loss exposure resulting from an increase in rates.  
  The Company evaluates all
securities with unrealized losses quarterly to determine whether the loss is
other-than-temporary. Unrealized losses in the corporate debt securities
category consist primarily of senior unsecured corporate debt securities issued
by large financial institutions, insurance companies and other corporate
issuers. Single issuer corporate trust preferred securities are also included,
and in the case of one holding the market valuation loss is largely based upon
the floating rate coupon and corresponding market valuation. Neither that trust
preferred issuer, nor any other corporate issuers, have defaulted on interest
payments. The unrealized loss in equity securities consists of losses on other
bank equities. The decline in fair value is due in large part to the lack of an
active trading market for these securities, changes in market credit spreads and
rating agency downgrades. Management concluded that these securities were not
other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016.   
  In determining whether or not
securities are OTTI, the Company must exercise considerable judgment.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the actual results will not differ
from the Company s judgments and that such differences may not require the
future recognition of other-than-temporary impairment charges that could have a
material effect on the Company s financial position and results of operations.
In addition, the value of, and the realization of any loss on, an investment
security is subject to numerous risks as cited above.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 4. Investment
Securities   (continued)    
  The following tables indicate
gross unrealized losses not recognized in income and fair value, aggregated by
investment category and the length of time individual securities have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 4. Investment
Securities   (continued)    
  
  Investment securities having a
carrying value of approximately $104.2 million and $142.5 million at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged to secure public
deposits, borrowings, Federal Reserve Discount Window and Federal Home Loan Bank
advances and for other purposes required or permitted by law.   
  As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other
than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10% of
stockholders  equity.   
   Note 5 - Derivatives
   
  The Company utilizes interest
rate swap agreements as part of its asset liability management strategy to help
manage its interest rate risk position. The notional amount of the interest rate
swap does not represent amounts exchanged by the parties. The amount exchanged
is determined by reference to the notional amount and the other terms of the
individual interest rate swap agreements.  
  Interest rate swaps were
entered into on August 24, 2015, December 30, 2014 and October 15, 2014 each
with a respective notional amount of $25 million and were designated as cash
flow hedges of a Federal Home Loan Bank advance. The swaps were determined to be
fully effective during the period presented and therefore no amount of
ineffectiveness has been included in net income while the aggregate fair value
of the swaps is recorded in other assets (liabilities) with changes in fair
value recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). The amount included in
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be reclassified to current
earnings should the hedges no longer be considered effective. The Company
expects the hedges to remain fully effective during the remaining term of the
swaps.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 5   Derivatives  
(continued)    
  Summary information about the
interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges as of September 30, 2016,
December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015 are presented in the following table.

Interest expense recorded on
these swap transactions totaled approximately $167,000 and $534,000 for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and approximately $165,000 and
$331,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
   Cash Flow Hedge
     
  The following table presents
the net gains (losses), recorded in other comprehensive income and the
Consolidated Statements of Income relating to the cash flow derivative
instruments for the following periods:   

Nine Months Ended September 30,
      2016   

Amount of loss  
      
      Amount of loss  
      
      Amount of loss   

recognized  
      
      reclassified  
      
      recognized in other   

in
      OCI (Effective  
      
      from OCI to  
      
      Noninterest income   
   
      (in thousands)  
           
      Portion)  
           
      interest income  
           
      (Ineffective Portion)   
   
      Interest rate contracts  
      
      $  
      (640)  
      
      $  
      -  
      
      $  
      -   

Nine Months Ended September 30,
      2015   

Amount of loss  
      
      Amount of loss  
      
      Amount of loss   

recognized  
      
      reclassified  
      
      recognized in other   

in
      OCI (Effective  
      
      from OCI to  
      
      Noninterest income   
   
      (in thousands)  
      
      Portion)  
      
      interest income  
      
      (Ineffective Portion)   
   
      Interest rate contracts  
      
      $  
      (1,153)  
      
      $  
      -  
      
      $  
       -      
  The following table reflects
the cash flow hedges included in the consolidated statements of condition as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   
  
  Loans that management has the
intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or
payoff are reported at the principal balance outstanding, net of deferred loan
fees and costs, premiums and discounts related to purchase accounting, and an
allowance for loan and lease losses. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid
principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination
costs, are deferred and recognized in interest income using the level-yield
method without anticipating prepayments.   
  Loan segments are defined as a
group of loans and leases, which share similar initial measurement attributes,
risk characteristics, and methods for monitoring and assessing credit risk.
Management has determined that the Company has five segments of loans and
leases: commercial (including lease financing), commercial real estate,
commercial construction, residential real estate (including home equity) and
consumer.  
  Interest income on commercial,
commercial real estate, commercial construction and residential loans are
discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days delinquent unless the loan is
well-secured and in process of collection. Past due status is based on the
contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or
charged-off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is
considered doubtful. Nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days still on
accrual include both smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively
evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired loans. A loan is
moved to nonaccrual status in accordance with the Company s policy, typically
after 90 days of non-payment.   
  All interest accrued but not
received for loans placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income.
Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or
cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned
to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due
are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.  
  The policy of the Company is
to generally grant commercial, residential and consumer loans to residents and
businesses within its market area. The borrowers  abilities to repay their
obligations are dependent upon various factors including the borrowers  income
and net worth, cash flows generated by the borrowers  underlying collateral,
value of the underlying collateral, and priority of the lender s lien on the
property. Such factors are dependent upon various economic conditions and
individual circumstances beyond the control of the Company. The Company is
therefore subject to risk of loss. The Company believes its lending policies and
procedures adequately minimize the potential exposure to such risks and that
adequate provisions for loan and lease losses are provided for all known and
inherent risks. Collateral and/or personal guarantees are required for a large
majority of the Company s loans.   
    Allowance for Loan and
Lease Losses     
  The allowance for loan and
lease losses is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses.
Losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the
uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any,
are credited to the allowance. Management estimates the allowance balance
required using past loan and lease loss experience, the nature and volume of the
portfolio, information about specific borrower situations and estimated
collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations of the
allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available
for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. The
allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component
relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired.   
  A loan is impaired when, based
on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be
unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan
agreement. Loans, for which the terms have been modified, and for which the
borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered troubled debt
restructurings ( TDRs ) and classified as impaired. As part of the evaluation of
impaired loans, the Company individually reviews for impairment all
non-homogeneous loans internally classified as substandard or below. Generally,
smaller impaired non-homogeneous loans and impaired homogeneous loans are
collectively evaluated for impairment.  
  Factors considered by
management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value,
and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when
due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls
generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance
of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into
consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower,
including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the
principal and interest owed.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
  TDRs are separately identified
for impairment disclosures and are measured at the present value of estimated
future cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception. If a TDR is
considered to be a collateral dependent loan, the loan is reported, net, at the
fair value of the collateral. For TDRs that subsequently default, the Company
determines the amount of reserve in accordance with the accounting policy for
the allowance for loan and lease losses.   
  The general component covers
non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for
current factors. The historical loss experience, the primary factor, is
determined by loan class and is based on the actual loss history experienced by
the Bank over an actual three-year rolling calculation. This actual loss
experience is supplemented with other economic factors based on the risks
present for each portfolio segment and with the exogenous factor adjustments
based on the risks present for each loan category. These exogenous factors include consideration of the following: concentrations of credit;
delinquency   nonaccrual trends; economic   business conditions
including evaluation of the national and regional economies and industries with
significant loan concentrations; external factors including legal, regulatory or
competitive pressures that may impact the loan portfolio; changes in the
experience, ability, or size of the lending staff, management, or board of
directors that may impact the loan portfolio; changes in underwriting standards,
collection procedures, charge-off practices, or other changes in lending
policies and procedures that may impact the loan portfolio; loss and recovery
trends; changes in portfolio size and mix; and trends in problem loans.
  
    Purchased
Credit-Impaired Loans             
  The Company purchases groups
of loans in conjunction with mergers, some of which have shown evidence of
credit deterioration since origination. These purchased credit impaired loans
are recorded at the amount paid, such that there is no carryover of the seller s
allowance for loan and lease losses. After acquisition, losses are recognized by
an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses.   
  Such purchased credit-impaired
loans ( PCI ) are accounted for individually. The Company estimates the amount
and timing of expected cash flows for each loan and the expected cash flows in
excess of amount paid is recorded as interest income over the remaining life of
the loan (accretable yield). The excess of the loan s contractual principal and
interest over expected cash flows is not recorded   (nonaccretable difference).  
  A PCI loan may be resolved
either through a sale of the loan, by working with the customer and obtaining
partial or full repayment, by short sale of the collateral, or by foreclosure. A
gain or loss on resolution would be recognized based on the difference between
the proceeds received and the carrying amount of the loan.   
  Payments received earlier than
expected or in excess of expected cash flows from sales or other resolutions may
result in the carrying value of a pool being reduced to zero even though
outstanding contractual balances and expected cash flows remain related to loans
in the pool. Once the carrying value of a pool is reduced to zero, any future
proceeds, which may include cash or real estate acquired in foreclosure, from
the remaining loans, representing further realization of accretable yield, are
recognized as interest income upon receipt.   
  PCI loans that met the
criteria for nonaccrual may be considered performing, regardless of whether the
customer is contractually delinquent, if management can reasonably estimate the
timing and amount of the expected cash flows on such loans and if management
expects to fully collect the new carrying value of the loans. As such,
management may no longer consider the loans to be nonaccrual or nonperforming
and may accrue interest on these loans, including the impact of any accretable
discount.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
   Composition of Loan
Portfolio      
  The following table sets forth
the composition of the Company s loan portfolio, including net deferred loan
fees, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:     

As of September 30, 2016, the
bank designated approximately $15.1 million as loans held-for-sale. This
designation occurred during the third quarter of 2016 and consisted of
approximately $1.6 million of mortgage loans and approximately $13.5 million of
commercial and commercial real estate loans.  
  At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 loan balances of approximately $1.6 billion were pledged to
secure borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York.   
   Purchased Credit-Impaired
Loans    
  The Company holds purchased
loans for which there was, at their acquisition date, evidence of deterioration
of credit quality since their origination and it was probable, at acquisition,
that all contractually required payments would not be collected. The carrying
amount of those loans is as follows at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

For those purchased loans
disclosed above, the Company did not increase the allowance for loan and lease
losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
  The accretable yield, or
income expected to be collected, on the purchased loans disclosed above for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows (in thousands):

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    

The following table presents
information about the recorded investment in loan receivables on nonaccrual
status by segment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   
   Loans Receivable on
Nonaccrual Status                            

During the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, the bank sold a lease financing receivable for approximately
$2.6 million, net of closing costs. At the time of sale, the recorded investment
of the lease financing receivable was $3.7 million, with a specific allowance
for loan loss reserve of $1.3 million. The amount of net proceeds that exceeded
the net carrying value was recorded as an increase to the allowance for loan
losses.   
  The Company continuously
monitors the credit quality of its loans receivable. In addition to its internal
staff, the Company utilizes the services of a third party loan review firm to
rate the credit quality of its loans receivable. Credit quality is monitored by
reviewing certain credit quality indicators. Assets classified  Pass  are deemed
to possess average to superior credit quality, requiring no more than normal
attention.  
  Assets classified as  Special
Mention  have generally acceptable credit quality yet possess higher risk
characteristics/circumstances than satisfactory assets. Such conditions include
strained liquidity, slow pay, stale financial statements, or other conditions
that require more stringent attention from the lending staff. These conditions,
if not corrected, may weaken the loan quality or inadequately protect the
Company s credit position at some future date.  
  Assets are classified
 Substandard  if the asset has a well-defined weakness that requires
management s attention to a greater degree than for loans classified special
mention. Such weakness, if left uncorrected, could possibly result in the
compromised ability of the loan to perform to contractual
requirements.  
  An asset is classified as
 Doubtful  if it is inadequately protected by the net worth and/or paying
capacity of the obligor or of the collateral, if any, that secures the
obligation. Assets classified as doubtful include assets for which there is a
 distinct possibility  that a degree of loss will occur if the inadequacies are
not corrected.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
  The
following table presents information, excluding loans held-for-sale and net
deferred loan fees, about the Company s loan credit quality at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015:   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)   
  The
following table provides an analysis of the impaired loans, by loan segment, at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
  The
following table provides an analysis related to the average recorded investment
and interest income recognized on impaired loans by segment as of and for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):

Included in impaired loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
are loans that are deemed troubled debt restructurings. The recorded investment
in loans include accrued interest receivable and other capitalized costs such as
real estate taxes paid on behalf of the borrower. Cash basis interest and
interest income recognized on accrual basis approximate each other.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
  
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
  The
following table provides an analysis of the aging of gross loans (excluding
loans held-for-sale) that are past due at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 by segment:   
   Aging
Analysis                  
  
  Included in the 90 days and still accruing/accreting bucket are three
purchased credit-impaired loans, net of their fair value marks, which are
accreting income per their valuation at date of acquisition.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
  The
following tables detail, at the period-end presented, the amount of gross loans
(excluding loans held-for-sale) that are evaluated individually, and
collectively, for impairment, those acquired with deteriorated quality, and the
related portion of the allowance for loan and lease losses that are allocated to
each loan portfolio segment:   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
  The
Company s allowance for loan and lease losses is analyzed quarterly. Many
factors are considered, including growth in the portfolio, delinquencies,
nonaccrual loan levels, and other factors inherent in the extension of credit.
There have been no material changes to the allowance for loan and lease losses
methodology as disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015.   
  A
summary of the activity in the allowance for loan and lease losses is as
follows:   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
  
    Troubled Debt
Restructurings     
   
  At
September 30, 2016, there were no commitments to lend additional funds to
borrowers whose loans were on nonaccrual status or were contractually past due
in excess of 90 days and still accruing interest, or whose terms have been
modified in troubled debt restructurings.   
  The
policy of the Company generally is to grant commercial, mortgage and consumer
loans to residents and businesses within its market area. The ability of
borrowers to repay their obligations is dependent upon various factors,
including the borrowers  income and net worth, cash flows generated by the
borrowers  underlying collateral, value of the underlying collateral, and
priority of the lender s lien on the property. Such factors are dependent upon
various economic conditions and individual circumstances beyond the control of
the Company. The Company is therefore subject to risk of loss. The Company
believes its lending policies and procedures adequately minimize the potential
exposure to such risks and that adequate provisions for loan and lease losses
are provided for all known and inherent risks. Collateral and/or personal
guarantees are required for virtually all loans. A loan is considered to be in
payment default once it is 90 days contractually past due under the modified
terms.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
  Loans modified in troubled debt restructurings totaled $106.7 million at
September 30, 2016, of which $1.4 million were on nonaccrual status and $105.3
million were performing under restructured terms. At December 31, 2015,
loans modified in troubled debt restructurings totaled $86.6 million, of which
$0.7 million were on nonaccrual status and $85.9 million were performing
under restructured terms. The Company has allocated $12.5 and $4.5 million
in specific allocations with respect to loans whose loan terms had been modified
in troubled debt restructurings as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. Performing TDRs as of September 30, 2016 increased the allowance
for loan and lease losses by $5.0 and $8.3 million during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Performing TDRs as of December
31, 2015 did not increase the allowance for loan and lease losses during the
year ended December 31, 2015.   
  The
$12.5 million in specific allocations referenced above were associated with New
York City taxi medallion lending and were calculated based on the present value
of estimated cash flows, including contractual debt interest service through
maturity, and principal repayments based on the estimated fair value of the
collateral excluding any consideration for personal guarantees of borrowers,
which provide an additional source of repayment but cannot be relied upon. The
valuation per New York City corporate medallion used for the calculation at
September 30, 2016 was approximately $700,000. Since December 31, 2015, an additional $8.3 million
specific allocation was required at September 30, 2016 due to a decline in the
Company s estimated valuation of New York City taxi medallions since December
31, 2015, when the specific allocation was $4.5 million.   
  The
following table presents loans by class modified as troubled debt restructurings
that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in
thousands):     
  
  Included in the above troubled debt restructurings were 14 loans secured
by 25 New York City taxi medallions totaling $17.3 million. These loan
modifications included interest rate reductions and maturity extensions. All 14
loans were accruing prior to modification, while 13 remained in accrual status
post-modification.   
  The
troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan
and leases losses by $8.3 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. There were no charge-offs in connection with a loan modification at the
time of modification during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were
no troubled debt restructurings for which there was a payment default within
twelve months following the modification during the nine months ended September
30, 2016.       
  The
following table presents loans by class modified as troubled debt restructurings
that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (dollars in
thousands):       

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 6. Loans and the
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   (continued)    
  The
troubled debt restructurings included in the table above were loans secured by
New York City taxi medallions that were modified during the third quarter of
2015. The modifications consisted of a deferral of principal amortization from
approximately 25-30 year amortization to interest-only. There was no extension
of the loans  contractual maturity dates, there was no forgiveness of principal,
and the interest rates on these loans were increased from approximately 3%-3.25%
to 3.75%. These loans were accruing prior to modification and remained in
accrual status post-modification.   
  The
troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan and lease losses by $2.0 million
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. There were no charge-offs in
connection with a loan modification at the time of modification during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. There were no troubled debt restructurings for
which there was a payment default within twelve months following the
modification during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
   Note 7 - Fair Value
Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments      
  Fair
value is the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market
for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
on the measurement date. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to
measure fair value:   
  FASB
ASC 820-10-05 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair
value, establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair
value measurements and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value
measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs
to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement
date.     
  FASB
ASC 820-10-65 provides additional guidance for estimating fair value in
accordance with FASB ASC 820-10-05 when the volume and level of activity for the
asset or liability have significantly decreased. This ASC also includes guidance
on identifying circumstances that indicate a transaction is not
orderly.     
  FASB
ASC 820-10-05 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to
valuation methods used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest
priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy
under FASB ASC 820-10-05 are as follows:   
     Level 1:    Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that
are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or
liabilities.     
   Level 2:    Quoted prices for
similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable
for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the
full term of the financial instrument.   
   Level 3:    Prices or
valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair
value measurement and unobservable (for example, supported with little or no
market activity).  
  An
asset s or liability s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the
lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
measurement.     
  The
following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value
of the entire Company since a fair value calculation is only provided for a
limited portion of the Company s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of
valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the
estimates, comparisons between the Company s disclosures and those of other
companies may not be meaningful. The following methods and assumptions were used
to estimate the fair values of the Company s assets measured at fair value on a
recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:     
    Securities Available-for-Sale       
  Where quoted prices are available in an active market, securities are
classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 1 inputs include
securities that have quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. If
quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using
pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, or
discounted cash flows. Examples of instruments, which would generally be
classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy include municipal bonds and
certain agency collateralized mortgage obligations. In certain cases where there
is limited activity in the market for a particular instrument, assumptions must
be made to determine the fair value of the instruments and these are classified
as Level 3. When measuring fair value, the valuation techniques available under
the market approach, income approach and/or cost approach are used. The
Company s evaluations are based on market data and the Company employs
combinations of these approaches for its valuation methods depending on the
asset class.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 7 - Fair Value
Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments      
    Derivatives    
  The
fair value of derivatives are based on valuation models using observable market
data as of the measurement date (level 2). Our derivatives are traded in an
over-the-counter market where quoted market prices are not always available.
Therefore, the fair values of derivatives are determined using quantitative
models that utilize multiple market inputs. The inputs will vary based on the
type of derivative, but could include interest rates, prices and indices to
generate continuous yield or pricing curves, prepayment rate, and volatility
factors to value the position. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted
and can be validated through external sources, including brokers, market
transactions and third-party pricing services.   
    Loans Held-for-sale    
  
  Loans held-for-sale are required to be measured at the lower of cost or
fair value. Under FASB ASC 820-10-05, market value is to represent fair value.
Management obtains quotes or bids on all or part of these loans directly from
the purchasing financial institutions.     
    Loans Receivable    
  
  The
fair value of performing loans, except residential mortgages, is calculated by
discounting scheduled cash flows through the estimated maturity using estimated
market discount rates that reflect the credit and interest rate risks inherent
in the loan. The estimate of maturity is based on the historical experience of
the Bank with prepayments for each loan classification, modified as required by
an estimate of the effect of current economic and lending conditions. For
performing residential mortgage loans, fair value is estimated by discounting
contractual cash flows adjusted for prepayment estimates using discount rates
based on secondary market sources adjusted to reflect differences in servicing
and credit costs.       
    Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments       
  The
fair value of commitments to extend credit is estimated using the fees currently
charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining
terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties.
For fixed rate loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference
between current levels of interest rate and the committed rates.     
  The
fair value of financial standby letters of credit is based on fees currently
charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate them or
otherwise settle the obligations with the counterparties.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 7 - Fair Value
Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

   Assets and
Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis      
  For
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis,
the fair value measurements by level within the fair value hierarchy used at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:   
  
  There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the
three months ended September 30, 2016.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 7 - Fair Value
Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments   (continued)

There were no transfers
between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the year ended December 31, 2015.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 7 - Fair Value
Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
(continued)   
   Assets Measured at Fair
Value on a Non-Recurring Basis   
  
  The Company may be required
periodically to measure certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in
accordance with GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from the
application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or impairment write-downs
of individual assets. The Company primarily utilized appraisal value less cost
to sell and other unobservable market inputs to determine fair value of assets,
and therefore, these valuations are classified as a Level 3 measurement. For
assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, the fair value
measurements at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as
follows:  

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date
      Using   

Quoted  

Prices  

in
      Active  
      
      Significant  

Markets for  
      
      Other  
      
      Significant   

Identical  
      
      Observable  
      
      Unobservable   

September 30,  
      
      Assets  
      
      Inputs  
      
      Inputs   
   
       Assets measured at fair value on a
      nonrecurring basis:   
      
      2016  
      
      (Level 1)  
      
      (Level 2)  
      
      (Level 3)   
   
      Impaired
    loans:  
      
      (in
      thousands)   
   
      Commercial  
      
      $  
      396  
      
      $  
      -  
      
      $  
      -  
      
      $  
      396   

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date
      Using   

Quoted  

Prices  

in
      Active  
      
      Significant  

Markets for  
           
      Other  
           
      Significant   

Identical  
      
      Observable  
      
      Unobservable   

December 31,  
      
      Assets  
      
      Inputs  
      
      Inputs   
   
       Assets measured at fair value on a
      nonrecurring basis:   
      
      2015  
      
      (Level 1)  
      
      (Level 2)  
      
      (Level 3)   
   
      Impaired
    loans:  
      
      (in
      thousands)   
   
      Commercial  
      
      $  
      3,751  
       
      $  
      -  
       
      $  
      -  
       
      $  
      3,751     
  The following methods and
assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of the Company s assets
measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015.  
   Impaired loans.
   The value of the impaired loans
above were measured based upon the fair value of the collateral of the loans.
Smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for
impairment, such as residential mortgage loans and consumer loans, are
specifically excluded from the impaired loan portfolio. Collateral dependent
impaired loans are individually assessed to determine that each loan s carrying
value is not in excess of the fair value of the related collateral. Collateral
dependent impaired loans at September 30, 2016 that required a valuation
allowance were $0.9 million with a related valuation allowance of $0.5 million
compared to $6.0 million with a related valuation allowance of $2.2 million at
December 31, 2015.   
    Fair Value of Financial
Instruments    
  FASB ASC 825-10 requires all
entities to disclose the estimated fair value of their financial instrument
assets and liabilities. For the Company, as for most financial institutions, the
majority of its assets and liabilities are considered financial instruments as
defined in FASB ASC 825-10. Many of the Company s financial instruments,
however, lack an available trading market as characterized by a willing buyer
and willing seller engaging in an exchange transaction. It is also the Company s
general practice and intent to hold its financial instruments to maturity and
not to engage in trading or sales activities except for loans held-for-sale and
investment securities available-for-sale. Therefore, significant estimations and
assumptions, as well as present value calculations, were used by the Company for
the purposes of this disclosure.  
   Cash and cash
equivalents.    The carrying amounts
of cash and short-term instruments approximate fair values.   
   FHLB stock.    It is not practical to determine the fair value
of FHLB stock due to restrictions placed on its transferability.   
   Investment Securities
Held-to-Maturity.    The fair value
of the Company s investment securities held-to-maturity was primarily measured
using information from a third-party pricing service. If quoted prices were not
available, fair values were estimated primarily by obtaining quoted prices for
similar assets in active markets or through the use of pricing models. In cases
where there may be limited or less transparent information provided by the
Company s third-party pricing service, fair value may be estimated by the use of
secondary pricing services or through the use of non-binding third-party broker
quotes.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 7 - Fair Value
Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
(continued)   
   Loans.    The fair value of the Company s loans was
estimated by discounting the expected future cash flows using the current
interest rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar
credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Loans were segregated by
types such as commercial, residential and consumer loans. Expected future cash
flows were projected based on contractual cash flows, adjusted for estimated
prepayments. The methods utilized to estimate the fair value of loans do not
necessarily represent an exit price and therefore, while permissible for
presentation purposes under ASC 825-10, do not conform to ASC 820-10.
  
   Interest-Bearing
Deposits   . The fair values of the
Company s interest-bearing deposits were estimated using discounted cash flow
analyses. The discounted rates used were based on rates currently offered for
deposits with similar remaining maturities. The fair values of the Company s
interest-bearing deposits do not take into consideration the value of the
Company s long-term relationships with depositors, which may have significant
value.  
   Term Borrowings and
Subordinated Debentures   . The fair
value of the Company s long-term borrowings and subordinated debentures were
calculated using a discounted cash flow approach and applying discount rates
currently offered based on weighted remaining maturities.  
   Accrued Interest
Receivable/Payable.    The carrying
amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value resulting in a level 2 or
level 3 classification based on the level of the asset or liability with which
the accrual is associated.   
   
  The following presents the
carrying amount, fair value, and placement in the fair value hierarchy of the
Company s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 7 - Fair Value
Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
(continued)   
  The fair value of commitments
to originate loans is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into
similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements
and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties. For fixed-rate loan
commitments, fair value also considers the difference between current levels of
interest rates and the committed rates. The fair values of letters of credit and
lines of credit are based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on
the estimated cost to terminate or otherwise settle the obligations with the
counterparties at the reporting date.  
  Changes in assumptions or
estimation methodologies may have a material effect on these estimated fair
values.  
  The Company s remaining assets
and liabilities, which are not considered financial instruments, have not been
valued differently than has been customary with historical cost accounting. No
disclosure of the relationship value of the Company s core deposit base is
required by FASB ASC 825-10.  
  Fair value estimates are based
on existing balance sheet financial instruments, without attempting to estimate
the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities
that are not considered financial instruments. For example, there are certain
significant assets and liabilities that are not considered financial assets or
liabilities, deferred taxes, premises and equipment, and goodwill. In addition,
the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and
losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been
considered in the estimates.  
  Management believes that
reasonable comparability between financial institutions may not be likely, due
to the wide range of permitted valuation techniques and numerous estimates which
must be made, given the absence of active secondary markets for many of the
financial instruments. This lack of uniform valuation methodologies also
introduces a greater degree of subjectivity to these estimated fair values.
  
   Note 8. Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income/(Loss)   
  
  Accumulated other
comprehensive loss (net of tax) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
consisted of the following:   

Note 9. Stock-Based
Compensation      
  The Company maintains two
stock-based compensation plans from which new grants could be issued. The
Company s stock-based compensation plans permit Parent Corporation common stock
to be issued to key employees and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries.
Grants under the existing plans can be in the form of stock options (qualified
or non-qualified), restricted shares, or performance units. Shares available for
grant and issuance under the existing plans as of September 30, 2016 are 68,516
under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan and 234,090 shares under the North Jersey
Community Bancorp Equity Compensation Plan. The Company intends to issue all
shares under these plans in the form of newly issued shares.   
  Restricted stock and option
awards typically have a three-year vesting period starting one year after the
date of grant with one-third vesting each year. The options generally expire ten
years from the date of grant. Restricted stock awards granted to new employees
and board members may be granted with shorter vesting periods. Grants of
performance units typically have a cliff vesting after three years. All
issuances are subject to forfeiture if the recipient leaves or is terminated
prior to the awards vesting. Restricted shares have the same dividend and voting
rights as common stock, while options and performance units do not.  
  All awards are issued at fair
value of the underlying shares at the grant date. The Company expenses the cost
of the awards, which is determined to be the fair market value of the awards at
the date of grant, ratably over the vesting period.  
  No options were granted during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
   Note 9. Stock-Based
Compensation   (continued)    
  During the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 no restricted shares were awarded. The compensation
expense related to restricted stock awards during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $223,000 and $572,000, respectively.   
  During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company granted to various key employees
performance unit awards, with each unit entitling the holder to one share of the
Company s common stock contingent upon the Company meeting or exceeding certain
return on asset targets over the course of a three-year period commencing on
January 1 of the year of issuance. Under the grant agreement, and assuming the
Company has met or exceeded the applicable targets, grants of performance unit
awards will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date or on an earlier
date in the event of a change in control, as defined in the agreements. At
September 30, 2016, the specific number of shares related to performance unit
awards that were expected to vest was 132,304, determined by actual performance
in consideration of the established range of the performance targets, which is
consistent with the level of expense currently being recognized over the vesting
period. Should this expectation change, additional compensation expense could be
recorded in future periods or previously recognized expense could be reversed.
The maximum amount of performance unit awards is 181,892 shares. The total
amount of compensation cost related to performance unit awards included in
salary expense during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was
$238,000 and $156,000, respectively. The total amount of compensation cost related to performance unit awards included in salary expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $698,000 and $258,000, respectively.  
  Option activity under the
Company s option plans as of September 30, 2016 and changes during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

The aggregate intrinsic value
of outstanding and exercisable options above represents the total pre-tax
intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price on
September 30 2016 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of
in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had
all option holders exercised their options on September 30, 2016. This amount
changes based on the fair market value of the Parent Corporation s stock.
  
  Information related to stock
option exercises during 2016:   

The aggregate intrinsic value
of exercised options above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the
difference between the Company s closing stock price on the date of exercise and
the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) of all
options that were exercised during the 6 month period ending September 30, 2016.
The tax benefit is calculated on any non-qualified options exercised during the
period using a 36% tax rate.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
   Note 9. Stock-Based
Compensation    
  The below table represents
information regarding restricted shares currently outstanding at September 30,
2016:   

As of September 30, 2016,
there was $1,249,000 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
nonvested restricted shares granted under the plans. The cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted average period of 23.1 months. No shares vested
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  
  A summary of the status of
unearned performance unit awards and the change during the period is presented
in the table below:   

At September 30, 2016,
compensation cost of $1,671,000 related to nonvested awards not yet recognized
is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years.
  
   Note 10. Components of Net
Periodic Pension Cost      
  The Company maintained a
non-contributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all of its
employees until March 31, 2007, at which time the Company froze the plan. The
following table sets forth the net periodic pension cost of the Company s
pension plan for the periods indicated.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 10. Components of Net
Periodic Pension Cost   (continued)      
    Contributions    
  
  The Company contributed $2.0
million to its Pension Trust during the second quarter of 2016. The Company does
not plan on contributing additional amounts to the Pension Trust for the
remainder of 2016. The trust is established to provide retirement and other
benefits for eligible employees and their beneficiaries. No part of the trust
assets may be applied to any purpose other than providing benefits under the
plan and for defraying expenses of administering the plan and the trust.
  
   Note 11. FHLB and other
borrowings      
  The Company s FHLB and other
borrowings and weighted average interest rates are summarized below:   
  
  The FHLB borrowings are
secured by pledges of certain collateral including, but not limited to, U.S.
government and agency mortgage-backed securities and a blanket assignment of
qualifying first lien mortgage loans, consisting of both residential mortgages
and commercial real estate loans.   
  The Company has entered into
agreements under which it has sold securities subject to an obligation to
repurchase the same or similar securities. Under these arrangements, the Company
may transfer legal control over the assets but still retain effective control
through an agreement that both entitles and obligates the Company to repurchase
the assets. The obligation to repurchase the securities is reflected as a
liability in the Company s consolidated statement of condition, while the
securities underlying the securities sold under agreements to repurchase remain
in the respective asset accounts and are delivered to and held as collateral by
third party trustees.  
  Three of the FHLB notes
($2,500,000 and $7,500,000 each due April 2, 2018, and $5,000,000 due July 16,
2018) contain a convertible option which allows the FHLB, at quarterly
intervals, to convert the fixed convertible advance into replacement funding for
the same or lesser principal based on any advance then offered by the FHLB at
its current market rate. The Company has the option to repay these advances, if
converted, without penalty. The remaining advances are payable at stated
maturity, with a prepayment penalty for fixed rate advances. All FHLB advances
are fixed rate while the REPOs are variable rate advances. The advances at
September 30, 2016 were collateralized by approximately $1.2 billion of
commercial mortgage loans, net of required over-collateralization amounts, under
a blanket lien arrangement. At September 30, 2016 the Company had remaining
borrowing capacity of approximately at FHLB of approximately $752 million.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)    
   Note 12   Securities Sold
under Agreements to Repurchase      
  Repurchase agreements are
secured borrowings. The Company pledges investment securities to secure those
borrowings. Information concerning repurchase agreements is summarized as
follows for the periods presented:   

The table below shows the
remaining contractual maturity of agreement by fair value of collateral pledged:

The fair value of securities
pledged to secure repurchase agreements may decline. By contractual agreement,
the fair value of securities pledged to secure repurchase agreements must meet
or exceed the gross outstanding balance by 8%, or be subject to margin calls.
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are secured by securities with a
carrying amount of $17.1 million and $18.8 million at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015.   
   Note 13 - Subordinated
Debentures      
  During 2003, the Company
formed a statutory business trust, which exists for the exclusive purpose of (i)
issuing Trust Securities representing undivided beneficial interests in the
assets of the Trust; (ii) investing the gross proceeds of the Trust securities
in junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures (subordinated debentures)
of the Company; and (iii) engaging in only those activities necessary or
incidental thereto. On December 19, 2003, Center Bancorp Statutory Trust II, a
statutory business trust and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent Corporation
issued $5.0 million of MMCapS capital securities to investors due on January 23,
2034. The capital securities presently qualify as Tier I capital. The trust
loaned the proceeds of this offering to the Company and received in exchange
$5.2 million of the Parent Corporation s subordinated debentures. The
subordinated debentures are redeemable in whole or in part prior to maturity.
The floating interest rate on the subordinate debentures is three-month LIBOR
plus 2.85% and reprices quarterly. The rate at September 30, 2016 was 3.61%.
These subordinated debentures and the related income effects are not eliminated
in the consolidated financial statements as the statutory business trust is not
consolidated in accordance with FASB ASC 810-10. Distributions on the
subordinated debentures owned by the subsidiary trust have been classified as
interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
   Note 13 - Subordinated
Debentures   (continued)   
  
  The following table summarizes
the mandatory redeemable trust preferred securities of the Company s Statutory
Trust II at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   

During June 2015, the Parent
Corporation issued $50 million in aggregate principal amount of
fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the  Notes ). The Notes are
non-callable for five years, have a stated maturity of July 1, 2025, and bear
interest at a fixed rate of 5.75% per year, from and including June 30, 2015 to,
but excluding July 1, 2020. From and including July 1, 2020 to the maturity date
or early redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to a level
equal to the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus 393 basis points. As of
September 30, 2016, unamortized costs related to the debt issuance were
$665,000.   
  In connection with the
issuance of the Notes, the Parent Corporation obtained ratings from Kroll Bond
Rating Agency ( KBRA ). KBRA assigned investment grade ratings of BBB- for the
Company s subordinated debt and a senior deposit rating of BBB+ for the Bank. On
August 16, 2016, Kroll reaffirmed our current investment grade.   
   Note 14   Offsetting Assets
and Liabilities    
  Certain financial
instrument-related assets and liabilities may be eligible for offset on the
consolidated statements of condition because they are subject to master netting
agreements or similar agreements. However, the Company does not elect to offset
such arrangements on the consolidated financial statements. The Company enters
into interest rate swap agreements with financial institution counterparties.
For additional detail regarding interest rate swap agreements refer to Note 5.
In the event of default on, or termination of, any one contract, both parties
have the right to net settle multiple contracts. Also, certain interest rate
swap agreements may require the Company to receive or pledge cash or financial
instrument collateral based on the contract provisions.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
   Note 14   Offsetting Assets
and Liabilities   (continued)    
  The Company also entered into
an agreement to sell securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same
or similar securities, referred to as a repurchase agreement. Under this
agreement, the Company may transfer legal control over the assets but still
retain effective control through an agreement that both entitles and obligates
the Company to repurchase the assets. The obligation to repurchase the
securities is reflected as a liability in the Company s consolidated statement
of condition, while the securities underlying the repurchase agreements remain
in the respective investment securities account, therefore there is no
offsetting or netting of the investment securities assets with the repurchase
agreement liability. The following table presents information about financial
instruments that are eligible for offset as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015:   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
   Note 15   Presentation of
Debt Issuance Costs    
  As of January 1, 2016, the
Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03  Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,  which requires that debt issuance costs be
presented in the consolidated statement of condition as a direct deduction from
the carrying amount of debt liability. This ASU is required to be applied
retrospectively to all periods presented. The following table summarizes the
impact of retrospective application to the consolidated statement of condition
for the year ended December 31, 2015:   

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
   
  The purpose of this analysis
is to provide the reader with information relevant to understanding and
assessing the Company s results of operations for the periods presented herein
and financial condition as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. In order
to fully understand this analysis, the reader is encouraged to review the
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto appearing
elsewhere in this report.   
   Cautionary Statement
Concerning Forward-Looking Statements      
  This report includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Sections 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, that involve inherent risks and uncertainties. This report contains
certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition,
results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of
ConnectOne Bancorp Inc. and its subsidiaries, including statements preceded by,
followed by or that include words or phrases such as  believes,   expects, 
 anticipates,   plans,   trend,   objective,   continue,   remain,   pattern  or
similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as  will,   would, 
 should,   could,   might,   can,   may  or similar expressions. There are a
number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially
from historical performance and these forward-looking statements. Factors that
might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) competitive
pressures among depository institutions may increase significantly; (2) changes
in the interest rate environment may reduce interest margins; (3) prepayment
speeds, loan origination and sale volumes, charge-offs and loan and lease loss
provisions may vary substantially from period to period; (4) general economic
conditions may be less favorable than expected; (5) political developments,
sovereign debt problems, wars or other hostilities may disrupt or increase
volatility in securities markets or other economic conditions; (6) legislative
or regulatory changes or actions may adversely affect the businesses in which
ConnectOne Bancorp is engaged, including, without limitation, the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and regulations issued
thereunder; (7) changes and trends in the securities markets may adversely
impact ConnectOne Bancorp; (8) a delayed or incomplete resolution of regulatory
issues could adversely impact planning by ConnectOne Bancorp; (9) the impact on
reputation risk created by the developments discussed above on such matters as
business generation and retention, funding and liquidity could be significant;
and (10) the outcome of regulatory and legal investigations and proceedings may
not be anticipated. Further information on other factors that could affect the
financial results of ConnectOne Bancorp is included in Item 1a. of ConnectOne
Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K and in ConnectOne Bancorp s other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These documents are available free
of charge at the Commission s website at http://www.sec.gov and/or from
ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc.   
   Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates   
  
  The accounting and reporting
policies followed by ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the  Company ) conform, in all material respects, to GAAP. In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, management has made estimates,
judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities as of the dates of the consolidated statements of condition and for
the periods indicated in the consolidated statements of operations. Actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates.   
  The Company s accounting
policies are fundamental to understanding Management s Discussion and Analysis
( MD A ) of financial condition and results of operations. The Company has
identified the determination of the allowance for loan and lease losses, the
other-than-temporary impairment evaluation of securities, the evaluation of the
impairment of goodwill and the evaluation of deferred tax assets to be critical
because management must make subjective and/or complex judgments about matters
that are inherently uncertain and could be most subject to revision as new
information becomes available. Additional information on these policies is
provided below.   
   Allowance for Loan and
Lease Losses and Related Provision    
  The allowance for loan and
lease losses represents management s estimate of probable credit losses inherent
in the loan portfolio. Determining the amount of the allowance for loan and
lease losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because it requires
significant judgment and the use of estimates related to the amount and timing
of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of
homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, individual credit
situation and consideration of current economic trends and conditions, all of
which may be susceptible to significant change. The loan portfolio also
represents the largest asset type on the consolidated statements of
condition.  
  The evaluation of the adequacy
of the allowance for loan and lease losses includes, among other factors, an
analysis of historical loss rates by loan category applied to current loan
totals. However, actual loan and lease losses may be higher or lower than
historical trends, which vary. Actual losses on specified problem loans, which
also are provided for in the evaluation, may vary from estimated loss
percentages, which are established based upon a limited number of potential loss
classifications.   

The allowance for loan and
lease losses is established through a provision for loan and lease losses
charged to expense. Management believes that the current allowance for loan and
lease losses will be adequate to absorb loan and lease losses on existing loans
that may become uncollectible based on the evaluation of known and inherent
risks in the loan portfolio. The evaluation takes into consideration such
factors as changes in the nature and size of the portfolio, overall portfolio
quality, and specific problem loans and current economic conditions which may
affect the borrowers  ability to pay. The evaluation also details historical
losses by loan category and the resulting loan and lease loss rates which are
projected for current loan total amounts. Loss estimates for specified problem
loans are also detailed. All of the factors considered in the analysis of the
adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses may be subject to change. To
the extent actual outcomes differ from management estimates, additional
provisions for loan and lease losses may be required that could materially
adversely impact earnings in future periods. Additional information can be found
in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   
   Other-Than-Temporary
Impairment of Investment Securities      
  Investment securities are
evaluated on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when market
conditions warrant such an evaluation, to determine whether a decline in their
value is other-than-temporary. FASB ASC 320-10-65 clarifies the interaction of
the factors that should be considered when determining whether a debt security
is other than-temporarily impaired. For debt securities, management assesses
whether (a) it has the intent to sell the security and (b) it is more likely
than not that it will be required to sell the security prior to its anticipated
recovery.  
  In instances when a
determination is made that an other-than-temporary impairment exists but the
investor does not intend to sell the debt security and it is not more likely
than not that it will be required to sell the debt security prior to its
anticipated recovery, the other-than-temporary impairment is separated into (a)
the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to a decrease in
cash flows expected to be collected from the debt security (the credit loss) and
(b) the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to all other
factors. The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to the
credit loss is recognized in earnings. The amount of the total
other-than-temporary impairment related to all other factors is recognized in
other comprehensive income.   
   Fair Value of Investment
Securities      
  FASB ASC 820-10-35 clarifies
the application of the provisions of FASB ASC 820-10-05 in an inactive market
and how an entity would determine fair value in an inactive market. The Company
applies the guidance in FASB ASC 820-10-35 when determining fair value for the
Company s private label collateralized mortgage obligations, pooled trust
preferred securities and single name corporate trust preferred securities. See
Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.
  
  FASB ASC 820-10-65 provides
additional guidance for estimating fair value in accordance with FASB ASC
820-10-05 when the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability have
significantly decreased. This ASC also includes guidance on identifying
circumstances that indicate a transaction is not orderly.   
   Goodwill      
  The Company adopted the
provisions of FASB ASC 350-10, which requires that goodwill be reported separate
from other intangible assets in the Consolidated Statements of Condition and not
be amortized but rather tested for impairment annually or more frequently if
impairment indicators arise.    
    
   Income
Taxes      
  The objectives of accounting
for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for
the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax
consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity s financial
statements or tax returns. Judgment is required in assessing the future tax
consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s consolidated
financial statements or tax returns.   
  Fluctuations in the actual
outcome of these future tax consequences could impact the Company s consolidated
financial condition or results of operations. Note 12 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015 includes additional discussion on the accounting
for income taxes.   

Operating Results
Overview      
  Net income available to common
stockholders for the three months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $11.9
million compared to $10.8 million for the comparable three-month period ended
September 30, 2015. The Company s diluted earnings per share were $0.39 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with diluted earnings per
share of $0.36 for the same three months of 2015. The increase in net income
available to common stockholders and diluted earnings per share was attributable
to an increase in net interest income, an increase in noninterest income
(primarily due to an increase in net gains on sales of investment securities)
and a decrease in noninterest expense, partially offset by an increase in
provision for loan and lease losses.  
  Net income available to common
stockholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $33.1
million compared to $31.7 million for the comparable nine-month period ended
September 30, 2015. The Company s diluted earnings per share were $1.09 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with diluted earnings per share
of $1.04 for the first nine months of 2015. The increase in net income available
to common stockholders and diluted earnings per share was primarily attributable
to an increase in net interest income, partially offset by increases in
provision for loan and lease losses and noninterest expenses and a decrease in
noninterest income.   
   Net Interest Income and
Margin      
  Net interest income is the
difference between the interest earned on the portfolio of earning assets
(principally loans and investments) and the interest paid for deposits and
borrowings, which support these assets. Net interest income is presented on a
tax-equivalent basis by adjusting tax-exempt income (primarily interest earned
on obligations of state and political subdivisions) by the amount of income tax
which would have been paid had the assets been invested in taxable issues. Net
interest margin is defined as net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis as a
percentage of total average interest-earning assets.   
  Fully taxable equivalent net
interest income for the third quarter of 2016 increased by $3.4 million, or
11.1%, from the same quarter of 2015. This was a result of a 17.4% increase in
average interest-earning assets due to significant organic loan growth,
partially offset by an 18 basis-point contraction of the net interest margin.
Included in net interest income was accretion and amortization of purchase
accounting adjustments of $1.0 million during the third quarter of 2016 and $1.3
million in the same quarter of 2015. Excluding these purchase accounting
adjustments, the current quarter s adjusted net interest margin was 13 basis
points lower than the 2015 third quarter adjusted net interest margin of 3.35%.
The reduction in the adjusted net interest margin was due primarily to higher
level of cash balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank and an increase in rates
paid on deposits.   
  Fully taxable equivalent net
interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $98.9 million,
an increase of $10.3 million, or 11.6%, from the same period in 2015. This was a
result of an 18.2% increase in average interest-earning assets due to
significant organic loan growth, partially offset by a 20 basis-point
contraction of the net interest margin. Included in net interest income was
accretion and amortization of purchase accounting adjustments of $3.6 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $4.6 million for the same
period in 2015. Excluding these purchase accounting adjustments, the adjusted
net interest margin was 3.26% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 16
basis points lower than the 2015 nine month adjusted net interest margin of
3.42%. The reduction in the adjusted net interest margin was due to a higher
level of cash balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank, the September 30, 2015
issuance of $50 million in subordinated debentures, increased costs of
attracting and retaining time deposits and the impact of a protracted
low-interest rate environment on loan yields.   

The following tables,  Average
Statements of Condition with Interest and Average Rates , present for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s average assets,
liabilities and stockholders  equity. The Company s net interest income, net
interest spread and net interest margin are also reflected.   
   Average Statements of
Condition with Interest and Average Rates      

(1)  
      Average balances are
      based on amortized cost.   
   
      (2)  
      Interest income is
      presented on a tax equivalent basis using 35% federal tax
  rate.   
   
      (3)  
      Includes loan fee
      income.   
   
      (4)  
      Loans include
      nonaccrual loans.   
   
      (5)  
      Amount does not
      reflect netting of debt issuance costs of $698 and $ - for the three
      months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
      respectively.   
   
      (6)  
      Represents difference
      between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost
      of interest-bearing liabilities and is presented on a tax equivalent
      basis.   
   
      (7)  
      Represents net
      interest income on a tax equivalent basis divided by average total
      interest-earning assets.   
   
      (8)  
      Rates are
      annualized.     

Average Statements of
Condition with Interest and Average Rates      

(1)  
      Average balances are
      based on amortized cost.   
   
      (2)  
      Interest income is
      presented on a tax equivalent basis using 35% federal tax
  rate.   
   
      (3)  
      Includes loan fee
      income.   
   
      (4)  
      Loans include
      nonaccrual loans.   
   
      (5)  
      Amount does not
      reflect netting of debt issuance costs of $746 and $ - for the nine months
      ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
respectively.   
   
      (6)  
      Represents difference
      between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost
      of interest-bearing liabilities and is presented on a tax equivalent
      basis.   
   
      (7)  
      Represents net
      interest income on a tax equivalent basis divided by average total
      interest-earning assets.   
   
      (8)  
      Rates are
      annualized.     

Noninterest Income         Noninterest income totaled  5.6 million in the third quarter of 2016, an increase of  1.8 million from  3.8 million in the comparable prior-year quarter. The increase was primarily due to an increase in net gains on sales of investment securities of  2.1 million and an increase of  0.2 million in income on bank owned life insurance, offset by a decrease of  0.5 million in deposit, loan and other income. Net gains on sales of investment securities were  4.1 million and  2.1 million for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively.     Noninterest income includes bank-owned life insurance income, deposit and loan fees, annuities and life insurance commissions, and gains on sales of residential mortgages in the secondary market and represents a relatively small portion of the Bank s total revenue. Although management intends to continue its strategy of de-emphasizing service charges in order to attract new and retain existing clients, it expects fee income to increase modestly in future periods.     Noninterest income totaled  8.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of  0.5 million from  8.8 million in the comparable prior-year period. Included in the prior-year period totals was a  2.2 million insurance recovery related to a wire fraud loss that occurred during the second quarter of 2015. Excluding this insurance recovery, noninterest income increased by  1.8 million when compared to the comparable prior-year period. The increase was primarily due to an increase in net gains on sales of investment securities of  1.4 million and income on bank owned life insurance of  0.7 million, offset by decreases in net gains on sales of loans of  0.1 million and deposit, loan and other income of  0.2 million.     Noninterest Expense        Noninterest expenses for the third quarter of 2016 were  14.6 million, a  1.3 million, or 9.4%, increase from  13.3 million in the third quarter of 2015, and were  43.3 million for the first nine months of 2016, a  2.4 million, or 5.7%, increase from  40.9 million in the first nine months of 2015. Included in the noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2015 and for the first nine months of 2015 was a loss on debt extinguishment of  2.4 million. This loss on debt extinguishment was the result of the Company repaying  16.0 million in principal amount of high cost puttable borrowings. Excluding the loss on debt extinguishment, noninterest expenses increased  1.3 million and  4.7 million in the third quarter of 2016 and for the first nine months of 2016, respectively, from their prior year periods.    The largest factors contributing to the increases (excluding loss on debt extinguishment) were salaries and employee benefits expense, which increased by  0.9 and  2.7 million to  7.8 million and  23.1 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, and occupancy and equipment expense, which increased by  0.1 and  0.7 million to  2.0 million and  6.5 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively. These increases across both period comparisons were primarily the result of increased levels of business and staff resulting from organic growth.     Income Taxes        Income tax expense was  5.4 and  15.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with  5.2 and  15.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The effective tax rates were 31.5% for both the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, compared with 32.5% for both the third quarter and first nine months of 2015. The effective tax rate for the full year 2016 is expected to remain at approximately 31.5%.      Financial Condition       Loan Portfolio        Commercial lending is the Company s primary business activity. The Company s loan portfolio consists of commercial, residential and consumer loans, serving the diverse client base in its market area. The composition of the Company s portfolio remains relatively constant but can change due to factors such as the economic climate, the level and fluctuations in interest rates, real estate values and employment metrics. Organic growth (i.e., growth other than through mergers and acquisitions) is generated through business development, repeat client requests for new financings, penetration into existing markets and entry into new markets.     The Company seeks to create growth in commercial lending by offering client-focused products, competitive pricing and by capitalizing on the positive trends in its market area. Products offered are designed to meet the financial requirements of the Company s clients. It is the objective of the Company s credit policies to diversify the commercial loan portfolio to limit concentrations in any single segment.   

The following table sets forth
the composition of our loan portfolio, excluding loans held-for-sale and
unearned net origination fees and costs, by type of loan at the
periods     indicated.   
  
  At September 30, 2016, total
gross loans amounted to $3.4 billion, an increase of $0.3 billion, or 11.2%, as
compared to December 31, 2015. Net loan growth was primarily attributable to
multi-family ($80 million, including a $28 million loan reclassified during the
current quarter as multi-family from other commercial real estate), commercial
($74 million), other commercial real estate ($54 million, excluding the
aforementioned reclassification) and commercial construction ($142 million). The
increase in commercial construction reflected higher utilization of existing
construction facilities. The growth in loans was funded primarily with increases in
deposits.   
  At September 30, 2016,
acquired loans remaining in the loan portfolio totaled $0.7 billion, compared to
$0.9 billion as of December 31, 2015.   
   Allowance for Loan and
Lease Losses and Related Provision      
  The purpose of the allowance
for loan and lease losses (the  ALLL ) is to establish a valuation allowance for
probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio. Additions to the ALLL are made
through provisions charged against current operations and through recoveries
made on loans previously charged off. The ALLL is maintained at an amount
considered adequate by management to provide for probable credit losses inherent
in the loan portfolio based upon historical losses and a periodic evaluation of
external and portfolio risk factors. In establishing an appropriate ALLL, an
assessment of the individual borrowers, a determination of the value of the
underlying collateral, a review of historical loss experience and an analysis of
the levels and trends of loan categories, delinquencies and problem loans are
considered. Such factors as the level and trend of interest rates and current
economic conditions and peer group statistics are also reviewed. The Company s
analysis of its ALLL also takes into consideration the potential impact that
current trends may have on the Company s borrower base.   
  Although management uses the
best information available, the level of the allowance for loan and lease losses
remains an estimate, which is subject to significant judgment and short-term
change. Various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination
process, periodically review the Company s allowance for loan and lease losses.
Such agencies may require the Company to increase the ALLL based on their
analysis of information available to them at the time of their examination.
Furthermore, the majority of the Company s loans are secured by real estate in
the State of New Jersey. Future adjustments to the ALLL may be necessary due to
economic factors impacting New Jersey real estate and the economy in general, as
well as operating, regulatory and other conditions beyond the Company s
control.  
  At September 30, 2016, the
allowance was $37.6 million as compared to $26.6 million at December 31, 2015.
Provisions to the allowance for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 increased to $6.8 million and $13.5 million, respectively, from $4.2
million and $7.6 million for the same periods in 2015. These increases were
primarily a result of higher specific reserves for the taxi medallion portfolio,
which increased to $5.0 million for the three months ended and $8.3 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.0 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015. See  Asset Quality  for a discussion of
the taxi cab medallion portfolio. Partially offsetting the increases in
provision for loan losses due to specific taxi medallion reserves was slower
growth in the originating (non-acquired) loan portfolio.   
  There were $1.9 million in net
charge-offs during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $122
thousand during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for
loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans amounted to 1.09% at
September 30, 2016 compared to 0.86% at December 31, 2015 and 0.73% at September
30, 2015. The large increase in net-charge-offs during the three months ended
September 30, 2016, was primarily attributable to one charge-off of a lease
financing receivable for $1.1 million, which had a specific reserve of
$1.3 million prior to the charge.   
  The level of the allowance for
the respective periods of 2016 and 2015 reflects the credit quality within the
loan portfolio, the loan volume recorded during the periods, the changing
composition of the commercial and residential real estate loan portfolios and
other related factors. In management s view, the level of the ALLL at September
30, 2016 is adequate to cover losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Management s judgment
regarding the adequacy of the allowance constitutes a  Forward-Looking
Statement  under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual
results could differ materially from management s analysis, based principally
upon the factors considered by management in establishing the allowance.  

Changes in the allowance for
loan and lease losses are presented in the following table for the periods
indicated.   

Asset
Quality      
  The Company manages asset
quality and credit risk by maintaining diversification in its loan portfolio and
through review processes that include analysis of credit requests and ongoing
examination of outstanding loans, delinquencies, and potential problem loans,
with particular attention to portfolio dynamics and mix. The Company strives to
identify loans experiencing difficulty early enough to correct the problems, to
record charge-offs promptly based on realistic assessments of current collateral
values and cash flows, and to maintain an adequate allowance for loan and lease
losses at all times.  
  It is generally the Company s
policy to discontinue interest accruals once a loan is past due as to interest
or principal payments for a period of ninety days. When a loan is placed on
nonaccrual status, interest accruals cease and uncollected accrued interest is
reversed and charged against current income. Payments received on nonaccrual
loans are generally applied against principal. A loan may be restored to an
accruing basis when all past due amounts have been collected. Loans past due 90
days or more which are both well-secured and in the process of collection may
remain on an accrual basis.   
  Nonperforming assets include
nonaccrual loans and other real estate owned. Nonaccrual loans represent loans
on which interest accruals have been suspended. In general, it is the policy of
management to consider the charge-off of uncollectible amounts of loans at the
point they become past due 90 days. Performing troubled debt restructured loans
represent loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties on which a
concession was granted, such as a reduction in interest rate below the current
market rate for new debt with similar risks or modified repayment terms, and are
performing under the restructured terms.  
  The following table sets
forth, as of the dates indicated, the amount of the Company s nonaccrual loans,
other real estate owned ( OREO ), performing troubled debt restructurings
( TDRs ) and loans past due 90 days and still accruing/accreting:   

The increase in TDRs was
primarily due to 14 loans secured by 25 New York City taxi medallions totaling
$17.3 million. These loan modifications included interest rate reductions and
maturity extensions. All 14 loans were accruing prior to modification, while 13
remained in accrual status post-modification.   
  As of September 30, 2016,
loans secured by New York City taxi medallions totaled $102.7 million. Troubled
debt restructurings associated with this portfolio totaled $95.2 million and
total nonaccrual loans were $3.7 million at quarter-end. Troubled debt
restructurings increased by $7.2 million from the second quarter of 2016, while
nonaccrual loans decreased by $0.2 million, resulting from partial charge-offs.
Specific reserves for taxi medallion loans totaled $12.5 million, or 12.2%, of
total taxi medallion portfolio. The Bank s valuation of a New York City
corporate medallion, which are applicable to approximately 95% of total
exposure, was approximately $700 thousand as of September 30, 2016, down from
approximately $750 thousand as of June 30, 2016.  
  The $12.5 million in specific
allocations referenced above were calculated based on the present value of
estimated cash flows, including contractual debt interest service through
maturity, and principal repayments based on the estimated fair value of the
collateral excluding any consideration for personal guarantees of borrowers,
which provide an additional source of repayment but cannot be relied upon. Since December 31, 2015, an
additional $8.3 million specific allocation was required for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 due to a decline in the Company s estimated valuation
of taxi medallions from December 31, 2015, when the specific allocation was $4.5
million.   

Investment
Portfolio      
  At September 30, 2016, the
principal components of the investment securities portfolio were federal agency
obligations, mortgage-backed securities, obligations of U.S. states and
political subdivisions, corporate bonds and notes, trust preferred securities,
asset backed securities and equity securities.   
  Transfers of debt securities
from the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category are made
at fair value at the date of transfer. The unrealized holding gain or loss at
the date of the transfer shall be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive
income, net of applicable taxes. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016 the
Company transferred all securities previously categorized as held-to-maturity to
available-for-sale classification. The transfer resulted in an increase of
approximately $210 million in amortized cost basis of securities and resulted in
a net increase to accumulated other comprehensive income of $7.4 million, net of
tax. This transfer will enhance liquidity and increase flexibility with regard
to asset-liability management and balance sheet composition.  
  During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, approximately $85.3 million in investment securities were
sold from the available-for-sale portfolio resulting in a net gain on sales of
securities of $4.2 million. The cash flow from the investment securities will be
primarily used to fund loan growth and purchase new securities.   
  For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, average investment securities decreased $76.8 million to
approximately $406.8 million, or 10.1% of average interest-earning assets, from
$483.7 million on average, or 14.1% of average interest-earning assets, for the
comparable period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, average
investment securities decreased $86.0 million to approximately $413.5 million,
or 10.6% of average interest-earning assets, from $496.4 million on average, or
15.1% of average interest-earning assets, for the comparable period in 2015. The
reduction in average balances for each of the respective periods was a result of
total sales, maturities, calls and prepayments of securities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 which totaled $112.6 million. In the same period for
2015, this was offset by approximately $52.3 million in new securities purchases
with the remaining cash flow primarily utilized to fund new loan originations.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 total sales, maturities, calls and
prepayments of securities $209.5 million offset by securities purchases of
$115.8 million.  
  At September 30, 2016, net
unrealized gains on investment securities available-for-sale, which are carried
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and included in
stockholders  equity, net of tax, amounted to $5.3 million as compared with net
unrealized gains of $0.7 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in
unrealized gains is predominately attributable to the aforementioned
reclassification of securities previously classified as held-to-maturity to
available-for-sale. The gross unrealized losses associated with agency
securities and federal agency obligations, mortgage-backed securities, corporate
bonds and tax-exempt securities are not considered to be other-than-temporary
because their unrealized losses are related to changes in interest rates and do
not affect the expected cash flows of the underlying collateral or
issuer.     
   Interest Rate Sensitivity
Analysis    
  The principal objective of our
asset and liability management function is to evaluate the interest-rate risk
included in certain balance sheet accounts; determine the level of risk
appropriate given our business focus, operating environment, and capital and
liquidity requirements; establish prudent asset concentration guidelines; and
manage the risk consistent with Board approved guidelines. We seek to reduce the
vulnerability of our operations to changes in interest rates, and actions in
this regard are taken under the guidance of the Bank s Asset Liability Committee
(the  ALCO ). The ALCO generally reviews our liquidity, cash flow needs,
maturities of investments, deposits and borrowings, and current market
conditions and interest rates.  
  
  We currently utilize net
interest income simulation and economic value of equity ( EVE ) models to
measure the potential impact to the Bank of future changes in interest rates. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the results of the models were
within guidelines prescribed by our Board of Directors. If model results were to
fall outside prescribed ranges, action, including additional monitoring and
reporting to the Board, would be required by the ALCO and Bank s
management.     
  The net interest income
simulation model attempts to measure the change in net interest income over the
next one-year period, and over the next three-year period on a cumulative basis,
assuming certain changes in the general level of interest rates.     
  Based on our model, which was
run as of September 30, 2016, we estimated that over the next one-year period a
200 basis-point instantaneous increase in the general level of interest rates
would increase our net interest income by 8.38%, while a 100 basis-point
instantaneous decrease in interest rates would decrease net interest income by
4.19%. As of December 31, 2015, we estimated that over the next one-year
period, a 200 basis-point instantaneous increase in the general level of
interest rates would increase our net interest income by 5.65%, while a 100
basis-point instantaneous decrease in the general level of interest rates would
decrease our net interest income by 3.62%.     
  Based on our model, which was
run as of September 30, 2016, we estimated that over the next three years, on a
cumulative basis, a 200 basis-point instantaneous increase in the general level
of interest rates would increase our net interest income by 8.44%, while a 100
basis-point instantaneous decrease in interest rates would decrease net interest
income by 5.28%. As of December 31, 2015, we estimated that over the next three
years, on a cumulative basis, a 200 basis-point instantaneous increase in the
general level of interest rates would increase our net interest income by 6.66%,
while a 100 basis-point instantaneous decrease in interest rates would decrease
net interest income by 5.59%.   

An EVE analysis is also used
to dynamically model the present value of asset and liability cash flows with
instantaneous rate shocks of up 200 basis points and down 100 basis points. The
economic value of equity is likely to be different as interest rates change. Our
EVE as of September 30, 2016, would decline by 8.56% with an instantaneous rate
shock of up 200 basis points, and increase by 5.12% with an instantaneous rate
shock of down 100 basis points. Our EVE as of December 31, 2015, would decline
by 9.65% with an instantaneous rate shock of up 200 basis points, and increase
by 8.20% with an instantaneous rate shock of down 100 basis points.  
  
   Estimates of Fair
Value      
  The estimation of fair value
is significant to a number of the Company s assets, including loans
held-for-sale and investment securities available-for-sale. These are all
recorded at either fair value or the lower of cost or fair value. Fair values
are volatile and may be influenced by a number of factors. Circumstances that
could cause estimates of the fair value of certain assets and liabilities to
change include a change in prepayment speeds, discount rates, or market interest
rates. Fair values for most available-for-sale investment securities are based
on quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values
are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current
economic condition risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and
other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties
and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with
precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.
  
   Impact of Inflation and
Changing Prices      
  The consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto presented elsewhere herein have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP, which require the measurement of financial position and
operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change
in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact
of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of operations; unlike most
industrial companies, nearly all of the Company s assets and liabilities are
monetary. As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on performance than
do the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily
move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and
services.   
   Liquidity    
  Liquidity is a measure of a
bank s ability to fund loans, withdrawals or maturities of deposits, and other
cash outflows in a cost-effective manner. Our principal sources of funds are
deposits, scheduled amortization and prepayments of loan principal, maturities
of investment securities, and funds provided by operations. While scheduled loan
payments and maturing investments are relatively predictable sources of funds,
deposit flow and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest
rates, economic conditions and competition.   
  At September 30, 2016, the
amount of liquid assets remained at a level management deemed adequate to ensure
that, on a short and long-term basis, contractual liabilities, depositors 
withdrawal requirements, and other operational and client credit needs could be
satisfied. As of September 30, 2016, liquid assets (cash and due from banks,
interest-bearing deposits with banks and unencumbered investment securities)
were $466.7 million, which represented 10.8% of total assets and 12.3% of total
deposits and borrowings, compared to $466.5 million at December 31, 2015, which
represented 11.6% of total assets and 13.3% of total deposits and borrowings on
such date. The decrease in the current period was mainly attributable to a
reduction in cash balances of $40.7 million at September 30, 2016 from December
31, 2015.  
  The Bank is a member of the
Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and, based on available qualified collateral
as of September 30, 2016, had the ability to borrow $1.6 billion. In addition,
at September 30, 2016, the Bank had in place borrowing capacity of $37 million
through correspondent banks. The Bank also has a credit facility established
with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for direct discount window borrowings
with capacity based on pledged collateral of $16.8 million. At September 30,
2016, the Bank had aggregate available and unused credit of $805.8 million,
which represents the aforementioned facilities totaling $1.3 billion net of $466
million in outstanding borrowings. At September 30, 2016, outstanding
commitments for the Bank to extend credit were $581 million.   

Cash and cash equivalents
totaled $233.8 million at September 30, 2016, increasing by $32.9 million from
$200.9 million at December 31, 2015. Operating activities provided $36.6 million
in net cash. Investing activities used $274.0 million in net cash, primarily
reflecting an increase in loans. Financing activities provided $270.3 million in
net cash, primarily reflecting a net increase of $478.1 million in deposits, a
redemption of $11.3 million of preferred stock, and a net decrease of $190.0
million in borrowings (consisting of $375.0 million in new borrowings offset by
repayments of $565.0 million).  
   Deposits      
  Total deposits increased by
$478 million, or 17.1%, to $3.3 billion at September 30, 2016, primarily
attributable to increases in time, interest-bearing demand, noninterest-bearing
demand and money market deposits, and partially offset by a modest decreases in
savings. The following table sets forth the composition of our deposit base by
the periods     indicated.   
  
   Subordinated
Debentures      
  During December 2003, Center
Bancorp Statutory Trust II, a statutory business trust and wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Parent Corporation issued $5.0 million of MMCapS capital
securities to investors due on January 23, 2034. The trust loaned the proceeds
of this offering to the Company and received in exchange $5.2 million of the
Parent Corporation s subordinated debentures. The subordinated debentures are
redeemable in whole or part. The floating interest rate on the subordinated
debentures is three-month LIBOR plus 2.85% and reprices quarterly. The rate at
September 30, 2016 was 3.61%.  
  During June 2015, the Parent
Corporation issued $50 million in aggregate principal amount of
fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the  Notes ) to certain institutional
accredited investors. The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes were used by
the Parent Corporation to contribute $35.0 million of common equity to the Bank
on June 30, 2015, and to repay $11.25 million of SBLF preferred issued to the
U.S. Treasury on March 11, 2016. Remaining funds will be used for general
corporate purposes. The Notes are non-callable for five years, have a stated
maturity of July 1, 2025, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.75% per year,
from and including September 30, 2015 to, but excluding July 1, 2020. From and
including July 1, 2020 to the maturity date or early redemption date, the
interest rate will reset quarterly to a level equal to the then current
three-month LIBOR rate plus 393 basis points.   
   Stockholders 
Equity      
  The Company s stockholders 
equity was $500 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $22 million from
December 31, 2015. The increase in stockholders  equity was primarily
attributable to an increase of $26 million in retained earnings, approximately
$2 million of equity issuance related to stock-based compensation, including the
exercise of stock options, and an increase in accumulated other comprehensive
income of $5 million, offset by an $11 million payoff of SBLF preferred stock.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company s tangible common equity ratio and
tangible book value per share were 8.39% and $11.60, respectively. As of
December 31, 2015, the tangible common equity ratio and tangible book value per
share were 8.18% and $10.51, respectively. Total goodwill and other intangible
assets were approximately $149 million and $150 million as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively.   

Tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure and
represents tangible stockholders  equity (or tangible book value) calculated on
a per common share basis. The Company believes that a disclosure of tangible
book value per share may be helpful for those investors who seek to evaluate the
Company s book value per share without giving effect to goodwill and other
intangible assets. The following table presents a reconciliation of total book
value per share to tangible book value per share as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015.   
  
     Regulatory Capital and Capital
Adequacy      
  The
maintenance of a solid capital foundation is a primary goal for the Company.
Accordingly, capital plans and dividend policies are monitored on an ongoing
basis. The Company s objective with respect to the capital planning process is
to effectively balance the retention of capital to support future growth with
the goal of providing stockholders with an attractive long-term return on their
investment.   
  The
Company and the Bank are subject to regulatory guidelines establishing minimum
capital standards that involve quantitative measures of assets, and certain
off-balance sheet items, as risk-adjusted assets under regulatory accounting
practices.   
  The
following is a summary of regulatory capital amounts and ratios as of September
30, 2016 for the Company and the Bank, compared with minimum capital adequacy
requirements and the regulatory requirements for classification as a
well-capitalized depository institution (dollars in thousands).   
  
  N/A - not applicable
  
  As
of September 30, 2016, management believes that each of the Bank and the Company
meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject.   

The new Basel III rules
require a  capital conservation buffer,  for both the Company and the Bank. When
fully phased in on January 1, 2019, each of the Company and the Bank will be
required to maintain a 2.5% capital conservation buffer, above and beyond the
capital levels otherwise required under applicable regulation. The
implementation of this capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016 at a
level of 0.625%, and will increase by 0.625% on each subsequent January 1 until
it reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019. Under this guidance banking institutions
with a CET1, Tier 1 Capital Ratio and Total Risk Based Capital Ratio above the
minimum regulatory adequate capital ratios but below the capital conservation
buffer will face constraints on their ability to pay dividends, repurchase
equity and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers, based on the amount
of the shortfall.  
  As of September 30, 2016 both
the Company and Bank satisfy the capital conservation buffer requirements
applicable to them. The lowest ratio at the Company is the Tier 1 Capital Ratio
which was 2.757% above the minimum buffer ratio and, at the Bank, the lowest
ratio was the Total Risk Based Capital Ratio which was 2.942% above the minimum
buffer ratio.   

Item 3. Qualitative and
Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risks      
   Market Risk    
  Interest rate risk management
is our primary market risk. See "Item 2- Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operation- Interest Rate Sensitivity
Analysis" herein for a discussion of our management of our interest rate risk.

Item 4. Controls and
Procedures      
  a)
   Disclosure controls and
procedures   . As of the end of the
Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter covered by this report, the
Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company s
management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that
evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are not
effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms and are operating in an effective manner and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.   
  In
the course of business, and from time to time, the Company modifies loans at the
request of borrowers. Modifications that involve borrowers experiencing
financial difficulties and that result in concessions regarding loan terms
including reduced interest rates, deferral of principal and extension of
maturities can be deemed troubled debt restructurings. We recently identified
material weaknesses in our controls over the identification and measurement of
troubled debt restructurings in our taxi medallion portfolio, which, due to loan
size and structure, is underwritten using market and industry data, and did not
contain individual loan information required to accurately assess whether or not
a modification should be deemed a TDR and the measurement of impairment for such
TDRs. Upon completion of the review, it was determined that $75.4 million
carrying value of taxi medallion loans, which were originally deemed to not be
TDRs, should have been deemed TDRs when they were modified in April
2015.  
  b)
   Changes in internal controls over
financial reporting   . When the
material weaknesses were identified, we enhanced our internal controls
concerning identification of all TDRs by (i) strengthening our policies and
procedures, including requirements that we obtain and analyze current
information on each individual borrower and (ii) enhancing oversight, monitoring
and approval authorities, before agreeing to any modification of a borrower s
loan. We also enhanced our internal controls concerning measurement of TDR
impairment with regard to taxi medallion loans, including engaging a third-party
firm specializing in financial valuation analysis. Despite these control
enhancements, we cannot assert as of September 30, 2016 that our material
weaknesses have been fully remediated, due to insufficient time to fully test
these controls.   
  Other than as discussed above, there have been no changes in the
Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the
Company s last fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially
affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting.  

PART II - OTHER
INFORMATION      
   Item 1. Legal
Proceedings      
  The
Company is not subject to any legal proceedings, which could have a materially
adverse impact on its results of operations and financial condition.   
   Item 1a. Risk Factors
   
  There have been no changes to the risks inherent in our business from
those described under Item 1A   Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 2. Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
  Not applicable   
   Item 3. Defaults Upon
Senior Securities    
  Not applicable   
   Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures    
  Not applicable   
   Item 5. Other Information
   
  Not applicable       

Item 6. Exhibits   

Exhibit No.   
            
       Description    
   
      31.1  
      
      Certification of the Chief
      Executive Officer of the Parent Corporation Pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
   
      31.2  
       
      Certification of the Chief
      Financial Officer of the Parent Corporation Pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
   
      32.1  
      
      Certification of the Chief
      Executive Officer of the Parent Corporation Pursuant to Section 906 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
   
      32.2  
      
      Certification of the Chief
      Financial Officer of the Parent Corporation Pursuant to Section 906 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
   
      101.INS  
        
      XBRL Instance
      Document   
   
      101.SCH  
        
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Schema Document   
   
      101.CAL  
        
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Calculation Linkbase Document   
   
      101.DEF  
        
      Definition Taxonomy
      Extension Linkbase Document   
   
      101.LAB  
        
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Label Linkbase Document   
   
      101.PRE  
        
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Presentation Linkbase Document     

SIGNATURES      
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf, by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   
   CONNECTONE BANCORP,
INC.     (Registrant)   

By:       
      /s/ Frank Sorrentino III  
            
      By:       
      /s/ William S. Burns   

Frank Sorrentino III  

William S. Burns   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
      Officer   

Date: November 7, 2016  

Date: November 7,
2016     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 connectone3145151-ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE PARENT CORPORATION

EXHIBIT
31.1      
   CERTIFICATION      
  I, Frank Sorrentino III,
certify that:   
  1. I have reviewed this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc.;   
  2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;   
  3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   
  4. The Registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:
  
  a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;   
  b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;   
  c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and   
  d) disclosed in this report
any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   
  5. The Registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions):   
  a) all significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   
  b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016  
      /s/ Frank Sorrentino III   

Frank Sorrentino III   

Chairman and Chief Executive
  Officer     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 connectone3145151-ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE PARENT CORPORATION

EXHIBIT
31.2      
   CERTIFICATION      
  I,
William S. Burns, certify that:   
  1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc.;
  
  2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   
  3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and
for, the periods presented in this report;   
  4.
The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
Registrant and have:   
  a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;   
  b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles;   
  c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   
  d)
disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   
  5.
The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   
  a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and   
  b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016  
      /s/ William S. Burns   

William S. Burns   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
      Officer     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 connectone3145151-ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE PARENT CORPORATION

EXHIBIT
32.1      
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO       18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,       AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
    SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
  
  In
connection with this Quarterly Report of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Frank Sorrentino III,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:   
  1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   
  2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates
presented and the consolidated results of operations of the Company for the
periods presented.   

Date: November 7, 2016  
      /s/ Frank Sorrentino III   

Frank Sorrentino III   

Chairman and Chief Executive
  Officer     

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 connectone3145151-ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE PARENT CORPORATION

EXHIBIT
32.2      
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO     18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,        AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO        SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      
  In connection with this
Quarterly Report of ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Report ), I, William S. Burns, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge:   
  1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13 (a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and   
  2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the
consolidated results of operations of the Company for the periods presented.

Date: November 7, 2016  
      /s/ William S. Burns   

William S. Burns   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
  Officer     

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cnob-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cnob-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cnob-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cnob-20160930_def.xml
 DEFINITION TAXONOMY EXTENSION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cnob-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cnob-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

