<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1617896_0001193125-16-767344_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>652645</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134164</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>323625</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-767344.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114115956
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-767344
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Corporate Capital Trust II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001617896
		IRS NUMBER:				471595504
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01108
		FILM NUMBER:		161992466

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 SO. ORANGE AVENUE
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		407-650-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 4920
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32802

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Corporate Capital Trust II - T
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140826

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-767344.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 d477745d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  Commission file number: 814-01108        
       Corporate
Capital Trust II      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  47-1595504   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

CNL Center at City Commons  
  450 South Orange Avenue  
  Orlando, Florida   
   
  32801   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code (866) 745-3797   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       The number of shares of common stock of
the registrant outstanding as of November 10, 2016 was 4,864,756.      

Table of Contents  

   CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST II   
    INDEX       

PAGE 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
   
    Financial Statements :  

Condensed Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited)
 and December 31, 2015    

2 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2016 (unaudited)    

3 

Condensed Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the nine months ended September
 30, 2016 (unaudited)    

4 

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
(unaudited)    

5 

Condensed Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) 

6 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)    

10 

Item 2.  
   
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations    

23 

Item 3.  
   
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk    

36 

Item 4.  
   
     Controls and Procedures    

36 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
   
     Legal Proceedings    

37 

Item 1A.  
   
     Risk Factors    

37 

Item 2.  
   
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds    

39 

Item 3.  
   
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

39 

Item 4.  
   
     Mine Safety Disclosures    

39 

Item 5.  
   
     Other Information    

39 

Item 6.  
   
     Exhibits    

39 

Signatures   

40 

Exhibit Index   

41 

Table of Contents  

   Corporate Capital Trust II   
    Condensed Statements of Assets and Liabilities   
   
    See notes to condensed financial statements.   
      2  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate Capital Trust II   
    Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited)   
   
    See notes to condensed financial statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate Capital Trust II   
    Condensed Statement of Changes in Net Assets   
   
    See notes to condensed financial statements   
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate Capital Trust II   
    Condensed Statement of Cash Flows       
    See notes to condensed financial statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate Capital Trust II   
    Condensed Schedule of Investments (unaudited) (continued)   
  As of September 30, 2016       
 
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate Capital Trust II   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments (unaudited) (continued)   
  As of September 30, 2016       
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate Capital Trust II   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments (unaudited) (continued)   
  As of September 30, 2016       
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

(a) 
 Security may be an obligation of one or more entities affiliated with the named company.    

(b) 
 Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended ( 1940 Act ), unless otherwise indicated. Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments are investments that
are neither controlled investments nor affiliated investments.    

(c) 
 Denominated in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted.    

(d) 
 Represents amortized cost for debt securities and cost for equity investments translated to U.S. dollars.    

(f) 
 The investment is not a qualifying asset as defined in Section 55(a) under the 1940 Act. A business development company may not acquire any asset other than qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is
made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the company s total assets. The Company calculates its compliance with the qualifying assets test on a  look through  basis by disregarding the value of the Company s total return
swaps and treating each loan underlying the total return swaps as either a qualifying asset or non-qualifying asset based on whether the obligor is an eligible portfolio company. On this basis, 95.0% of the Company s total assets represented
qualifying assets as of September 30, 2016.    

(g) 
 A portfolio company domiciled in a foreign country. The jurisdiction of the security issuer may be a different country than the domicile of the portfolio company.    

(h) 
 As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which there was an excess of value over tax cost was $525,773; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all
securities in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was $45,348; the net unrealized appreciation was $480,425; the aggregate cost of securities for Federal income tax purposes was $31,361,399.    

(i) 
 Investments classified as Level 3 whereby fair value was determined by the Company s Board of Trustees (Note 2).    

(1) 
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 3-Month LIBOR, which at September 30, 2016 was 0.85%. The current base rate for each investment may be different from the reference rate on
September 30, 2016.    

(2) 
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 1-Month LIBOR, which at September 30, 2016 was 0.53%. The current base rate for each investment may be different from the reference rate on
September 30, 2016.    

(3) 
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 6-Month LIBOR, which at September 30, 2016 was 1.24%. The current base rate for each investment may be different from the reference rate on
September 30, 2016.      Abbreviations:  
 LUX   Luxembourg    L = LIBOR
  London Interbank Offered Rate, typically 3-Month     See notes to condensed financial statements.   
      9  

Table of Contents  

   CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST II   
    Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  1. Principal Business and Organization     Corporate Capital
Trust II (the  Company ) was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on August 12, 2014. The Company is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company and has elected to be regulated as a business development company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). The Company s investment objective is to provide its shareholders with current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation, by investing primarily in the
debt of privately owned U.S. companies with a focus on originated transactions sourced through the networks of its advisors. The Company intends to elect to be taxed as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the  Code ) and operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs.    The Company is externally
managed by CNL Fund Advisors II, LLC ( CNL ) and KKR Credit Advisors (US) LLC ( KKR ) (collectively the  Advisors ), which are collectively responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due diligence on
prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring investments, determining the securities and other assets that the Company will purchase, retain or sell and monitoring the Company s portfolio on an ongoing basis. Both of
the Advisors are registered as investment advisers with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). CNL also provides the administrative services necessary for the Company to operate.  
 On September 29, 2014, the Company filed a registration statement on Form N-2 (the  Registration Statement ) with the SEC to register its
common stock. The Registration Statement, as amended, provides for the sale on a continuous basis of up to $2.6 billion of shares of common stock (275 million shares at $9.45 per share) (the  Offering ). The Registration
Statement was declared effective on October 9, 2015, at which time the Company s Offering commenced.    On March 1, 2016 the Company
satisfied its minimum offering requirement to accumulate in excess of $2.25 million in subscriptions in an escrow account. On March 1, 2016, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for the subscription capital in the escrow
account. The Company commenced principal and investment operations on March 1, 2016.     2. Significant Accounting Policies   
   Basis of Presentation     The accompanying condensed financial statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with the instructions to  Form 10-Q  and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The Company is an investment company following accounting and reporting guidance in Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ( ASC Topic 946 ). The unaudited condensed financial statements reflect all
normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s results for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for interim periods are not indicative of results
to be expected for the full year.    Certain financial information that is normally included in annual financial statements, including certain financial
statement footnotes, prepared in accordance with GAAP, is not required for interim reporting purposes and has been condensed or omitted herein. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s financial statements and
notes related thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016.  
   Use of Estimates     The preparation of the condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, (ii) the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods presented and (iii) disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
   Cash     Cash consists of demand deposits.  
   Valuation of Investments     The Company measures the value of its investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosure ( ASC Topic 820 ), issued by the FASB. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Market
participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market (which may be a hypothetical market) that are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact. In accordance with ASC Topic 820, the
Company considers its principal market to be the market that has the greatest volume and level of activity.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  ASC Topic 820 defines hierarchical levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the
inputs used to determine fair values of assets and liabilities. The hierarchical levels and types of inputs used to measure fair value for each level are described as follows:  
  Level 1    Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. Publicly listed
equities and debt securities, publicly listed derivatives, money market/short-term investment funds and foreign currency are generally included in Level 1. The Company does not adjust the quoted price for these investments.  
  Level 2    Valuation inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of
the reporting date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. In certain cases, debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from orderly transactions for similar investments in active
markets between market participants and provided by reputable dealers or independent pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, independent pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such
investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices, market transactions in comparable investments, and various relationships between investments. Investments generally included in this category are corporate bonds and loans that are priced based
on observable inputs.     Level 3    Valuation inputs are unobservable for the investment and include situations where there is
little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant judgment or estimation. Investments generally included in this category are illiquid corporate bonds and loans, unlisted common
and preferred stock investments, and equity options that lack observable market pricing.    In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall
within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Depending on the relative
liquidity in the markets for certain investments, the Company may transfer assets to Level 3 if it determines that observable quoted prices, obtained directly or indirectly, are not available or reliable. The Company s assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and the consideration of factors specific to the investment.  
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing
services, broker-dealers or market makers. With respect to the Company s portfolio investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Company s board of trustees is responsible for determining in good faith the fair
value of the Company s portfolio investments in accordance with the valuation policy and procedures approved by the board of trustees based on, among other things, the input of the Company s Advisors and management, its audit committee,
and independent third-party valuation firms.    The Company and the board of trustees conduct their fair value determination process on a monthly basis and
any other time when a decision regarding the fair value of the portfolio investments is required. A determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio
investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been determined had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the
differences could be material. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly traded securities. If the Company was required to liquidate a portfolio investment that does not have a readily available market value in a forced or
liquidation sale, the Company could realize significantly less than the value recorded by the Company.    The Company and its Advisors undertake a
multi-step valuation process each quarter for determining the fair value of the Company s investments, the market prices of which are not readily available, as described below:  

Each portfolio company or investment is initially valued by KKR (internal valuation) and/or the Company s independent third party valuation firm (external valuation), which provides a valuation range.

Valuation recommendations are formulated and documented by KKR and reviewed by KKR s valuation committee. The KKR valuation committee then provides its valuation recommendation for each portfolio investment, along
with supporting documentation, to CNL and the Company.    
      11  

Table of Contents  

After the Company s management has substantially completed its review, it forwards the valuation recommendations and supporting documentation for audit committee review.    

The Company s board of trustees then discusses the investment valuation recommendations with the Advisors and management and, based on those discussions and the related review process conducted by the
Company s audit committee, determines the fair value of the investments in good faith.      The valuation techniques used by the Company
for the assets and liabilities that are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are described below.     Senior Debt and
Subordinated Debt:  Senior debt and subordinated debt investments are initially valued at transaction price and are subsequently valued using (i) market data for similar instruments (e.g., recent transactions or indicative broker quotes),
(ii) comparisons to benchmark derivative indices or (iii) valuation models. Valuation models are generally based on yield analysis and discounted cash flow techniques, where the key inputs are based on relative value analyses and the
assignment of risk-adjusted discounted rates, based on the analysis of similar instruments from similar issuers. In addition, an illiquidity discount is applied where appropriate.  
  Equity Investments:  Equity investments are initially valued at transaction price and are subsequently valued using valuation models in
the absence of readily observable market prices. Valuation models are generally based on (i) market and income (discounted cash flow) approaches, in which various internal and external factors are considered, and (ii) earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) valuation multiples analysis. Factors include key financial inputs and recent public and private transactions for comparable investments. Key inputs used for the discounted cash
flow approach include the weighted average cost of capital and assumed inputs used to calculate terminal values, such as EBITDA exit multiples. The fair value for a particular investment will generally be within the value range conclusions derived
by the two approaches. Upon completion of the valuations conducted, an illiquidity discount is applied where appropriate.    The Company utilizes several
valuation techniques that use unobservable pricing inputs and assumptions in determining the fair value of its Level 3 investments. The unobservable pricing inputs and assumptions may differ by asset and in the application of the Company s
valuation methodologies. The reported fair value estimates could vary materially if the Company had chosen to incorporate different unobservable pricing inputs and other assumptions.  
   Security Transactions, Realized/Unrealized Gains or Losses, and Income Recognition     Investments purchased on a secondary basis are
recorded on the trade date. Loan originations are recorded on the funding date. The Company measures realized gains or losses from the sale of investments using the specific identification method. Realized gains or losses are measured by the
difference between the net proceeds from the sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized, and include investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Unrealized
gains or losses primarily reflect the change in investment values, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized gains or losses when gains or losses are realized. The amortized cost basis of investments includes (i) the original
cost and (ii) adjustments for the accretion/amortization of market discounts and premiums, original issue discount and loan origination fees. The Company reports changes in fair value of investments as a component of net change in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the condensed statements of operations.     Interest Income    Interest income is recorded on an
accrual basis and includes amortization of premiums to par value and accretion of discounts to par value. Discounts and premiums to par value on securities purchased are accreted/amortized into interest income over the life of the respective
security using the effective interest method. Upon prepayment of a debt investment, any prepayment penalties and unamortized loan fees and discounts are recorded as interest income.  
 Debt securities are placed on nonaccrual status when principal or interest payments are at least 90 days past due or when there is reasonable doubt that
principal or interest will be collected. Generally, accrued interest is reversed against interest income when a debt security is placed on nonaccrual status. Interest payments received on debt securities on nonaccrual status may be recognized as
interest income or applied to principal based on management s judgment. Debt securities on nonaccrual status are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid and, in management s judgment, such investments are
likely to remain current on interest payment obligations. The Company may make exceptions to this treatment if the debt security has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection.  
  Fee Income    The Company receives fees for commitments, amendments and other services related to portfolio companies. Such fees are recognized as
fee income when earned or the services are rendered.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

    Paid In Capital     The Company records the proceeds from the sale of its common stock on a net
basis to (i) capital stock and (ii) paid-in capital in excess of par value, excluding up-front selling commissions and dealer manager fees.  
   Foreign Currency Translation, Transactions and Gains/Losses     Foreign currency amounts are translated into U.S. dollars on the following
basis: (i) at the exchange rate on the last business day of the reporting period for the fair value of investment securities, other assets and liabilities; and (ii) at the prevailing exchange rate on the respective recording dates for the
purchase and sale of investment securities, income, expenses, gains and losses.    Net assets and fair values are presented based on the applicable foreign
exchange rates described above and the Company does not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in fair values of investments held;
therefore, fluctuations related to foreign exchange rate conversions are included with the net realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments.  
 Net realized gains or losses on foreign currency transactions arise from sales of foreign currency, currency gains or losses realized between the trade and
settlement dates on securities transactions, and the difference between the amounts of dividends, interest, and foreign withholding taxes recorded by the Company and the U.S. dollar equivalent of the amounts actually received or paid by the Company.
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from foreign currency translation for other receivables or payables is presented as net change in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) in foreign currency translation in the condensed statements of operations.      Management Fees     The Company
incurs a base management fee (recorded as investment advisory fees) and performance-based incentive fees, including (i) a subordinated incentive fee on income and (ii) an incentive fee on capital gains, due to its Advisors pursuant to an
investment advisory agreement described in Note 5  Related Party Transactions.  The two components of performance-based incentive fees are combined and expensed in the condensed statements of operations and accrued as accrued
performance-based incentive fees in the condensed statements of assets and liabilities. Pursuant to the terms of the investment advisory agreement, the incentive fee on capital gains is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each
calendar year (or upon termination of the investment advisory agreement) based on the Company s realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception, net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized depreciation at
year end, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. Although the terms of the investment advisory agreement do not provide for the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the incentive fee on capital
gains, pursuant to relevant authoritative guidance for investment companies, the Company includes unrealized gains in the calculation of the incentive fee on capital gains expense and related accrued incentive fee on capital gains. This accrual
reflects the incentive fees that would be payable to the Advisors if the Company s entire portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the balance sheet date even though the Advisors are not entitled to an incentive fee with respect to
unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized.      Organization and Offering Expenses     Organization expenses will be
expensed on the Company s statement of operations. Continuous offering expenses, excluding sales load and distribution and shareholder servicing fees, will be capitalized on the Company s statement of assets and liabilities as deferred
offering expenses and expensed to the Company s statement of operations over a  12-month  period.  
   Earnings per Share     Earnings per share is calculated based upon the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the reporting period.      Distributions     Weekly distributions are generally declared quarterly by the Company s board of trustees
and recognized as a liability on the applicable record date. Distributions are paid monthly. The Company has adopted a distribution reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of distributions on behalf of shareholders. Shareholders who have
elected to participate in the distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distribution automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock at a price per share equivalent to the then current public offering price, net of up-front
selling commissions and dealer manager fees.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

    Federal Income Taxes     The Company intends to elect to be treated for federal income tax
purposes, and intends to maintain its qualification, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. Generally, a RIC is not subject to federal income taxes on distributed income and gains if it distributes at least 90% of its  Investment Company
Taxable Income,  as defined in the Code. The Company intends to distribute sufficient dividends to maintain its RIC status each year.    The Company is
generally subject to nondeductible federal excise taxes if it does not distribute to its shareholders an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98% of its net ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2% of its capital gains in
excess of capital losses for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any ordinary income and net capital gains for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which the
Company paid no federal income tax. The Company may, at its discretion, pay a 4% nondeductible federal excise tax on under-distribution of capital gains and taxable income.  
 The Company recognizes in its condensed financial statements the effect of a tax position when it is deemed more likely than not, based on the technical
merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. Tax benefits of positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recorded as tax expenses in the current year. The Company did not have any uncertain tax positions that
met the recognition or measurement criteria of ASC 740-10-25, Income Taxes   Overall  Recognition, nor did it have any unrecognized tax benefits for the periods presented herein. Although the Company files federal and state tax
returns, its major tax jurisdiction is federal.    Permanent book and tax basis differences are reclassified among the Company s capital accounts, as
appropriate. Additionally, the tax character and amount of distributions is determined in accordance with the Code which differs from GAAP.      Recent
Accounting Pronouncements     In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  which will make eight targeted changes to how cash
receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The ASU further clarifies how the predominance principle should be applied to cash receipts and payments relating to more than one class of cash flows. The
ASU is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. The ASU is to be applied retrospectively for each period presented. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact this ASU will have on the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows.     3. Investments   
 The Company is engaged in a strategy to invest primarily in the debt of privately owned and thinly traded U.S. companies. The primary investment concentrations
include (i) senior debt securities and (ii) subordinated debt securities. The Company s investments may, in some cases, be accompanied by warrants, options or other forms of equity participation. The Company may separately purchase
common or preferred equity interests, including non-controlling equity investments. Additionally, the Company may invest in convertible securities, derivatives and private investment funds. The fair value of the Company s investments will
generally fluctuate with, among other things, changes in prevailing interest rates, the general supply of, and demand for, debt capital among private and public companies, general domestic and global economic conditions, the condition of certain
financial markets, developments or trends in any particular industry and changes in the financial condition and credit quality of each security s issuer.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company s investment portfolio (the  Investment Portfolio ) consisted of the following:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, none of the Company s debt investments were on nonaccrual status.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The industry composition and geographic dispersion of the Company s investment portfolio as a percentage of
total fair value of the Company s investments as of September 30, 2016 is as follows:      

(1) 
 The geographic dispersion is determined by the portfolio company s country of domicile or the jurisdiction of the security s issuer.    
 As of September 30, 2016, all of the Company s investments were denominated in U.S. dollars.  
  4. Fair Value of Financial Instruments     The
Company s investments were categorized in the fair value hierarchy described in Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies , as follows as of September 30, 2016:  
   
   There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The carrying value
of cash is classified as Level 1 with respect to the fair value hierarchy. At September 30, 2016, the Company held two distinct investment positions classified as Level 3, representing an aggregate fair value of $672,746 and 2.1% of the total
investment portfolio. The ranges of unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s Level 3 investments as of September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

(1) 
 Certain investments may be valued at cost for a period of time after an acquisition as the best indicator of fair value.    

(2) 
 Weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values.    

(3) 
 This column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level 3 investments that would result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the input would have the opposite
effect. Significant changes in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements.    
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The preceding table represents the significant unobservable inputs as they relate to the Company s
determination of fair values for the majority of its investments categorized within Level 3 as of September 30, 2016. In addition to the techniques and inputs noted in the table above, according to the Company s valuation policy, it
may also use other valuation techniques and methodologies when determining the fair value estimates for the Company s investments. Any significant increases or decreases in the unobservable inputs would result in significant increases or
decreases in the fair value of the Company s investments.    Investments that do not have a readily available market value are valued utilizing a
market approach, an income approach (i.e. discounted cash flow approach), or both approaches, as appropriate. The market comparables approach uses prices, including third party indicative broker quotes, and other relevant information generated by
market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) that are discounted based on a required
or expected discount rate to derive a single present value amount. The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors the Company may take
into account to determine the fair value of its investments include, as relevant: available current market data, including an assessment of the credit quality of the security s issuer, relevant and applicable market trading and transaction
comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, illiquidity discounts, security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments,
its earnings and cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, data derived from merger and acquisition activities for comparable companies, and enterprise
values, among other factors.    The following table provides reconciliations for the period ended September 30, 2016 of investments for which
Level 3 inputs were used in determining fair value:      

(1) 
 Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new and add-on portfolio investments.    

(2) 
 Included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the condensed statements of operations.    
 No securities were transferred into or out of the Level 3 hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. All realized and unrealized gains
and losses are included in earnings and are reported as separate line items within the Company s condensed statements of operations.     5. Related
Party Transactions     As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Advisors owned 15% and 100%, respectively, of the Company s
outstanding shares. CNL is an affiliate of CNL Financial Group, Inc. ( CFG ). All of the Company s executive officers also serve as executive officers of either KKR or CNL and other CFG affiliates.  
 The Company is a party to an investment advisory agreement with CNL (the  Investment Advisory Agreement ) for the overall management of the
Company s activities. CNL is a party to a sub-advisory agreement with KKR (the  Sub-Advisory Agreement ), under which KKR is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company s investment portfolio. Pursuant to the
Investment Advisory Agreement, CNL earns (i) a management fee equal to an annual rate of 2% of the Company s average gross assets, and (ii) an incentive fee based on the Company s performance. The incentive fee consists of
(i) an incentive fee on income and (ii) an incentive fee on capital gains. CNL compensates KKR for advisory services that it provides to the Company with 50% of the fees that CNL receives under the Investment Advisory Agreement.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

  A subordinated incentive fee on income is payable to the Advisors each calendar quarter if the Company s
pre-incentive fee net investment fee income (as defined in the Investment Advisory Agreement and approved by the Company s board of trustees) exceeds the 1.75% quarterly preference return to the Company s shareholders (the ratio of
pre-incentive fee net investment income divided by average adjusted capital). The Company did not incur any subordinated incentive fee on income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 The annual incentive fees on capital gains recorded for GAAP purposes are equal to (i) 20% of our realized and unrealized capital gains on a cumulative
basis since inception, net of all realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation on a cumulative basis from inception, less (ii) the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fees on capital gains. For financial reporting purposes,
in accordance with GAAP, the Company includes unrealized appreciation on the Investment Portfolio in the calculation of incentive fees on capital gains; however, such amounts are not payable by the Company unless and until the net unrealized
appreciation is actually realized. The actual amount of incentive fees on capital gains that are due and payable to the Advisors is determined at the end of the calendar year. The Company accrued $110,906 for incentive fees on capital gains as of
September 30, 2016.    Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, CNL (and indirectly KKR) is entitled to receive up to 1.5% of gross
offering proceeds as reimbursement for organization and offering expenses incurred by the Advisors on behalf of the Company. CFG and its affiliates have incurred organization and offering costs of approximately $3.7 million as of
September 30, 2016. The Advisors have waived the reimbursement of organization and offering expenses in connection with the Company s gross capital raise from the Offering from March 1, 2016 (the period beginning at the time the
Company satisfied the minimum offering requirement) through December 31, 2016 (the  O O Reimbursement Waiver ). Had the O O Reimbursement Waiver not been in effect as of September 30, 2016, the Company would have been
required to reimburse the Advisors approximately $0.47 million. The O O Reimbursement Waiver does not reduce the amount of organization and offering expenses incurred by the Advisors that are eligible for reimbursement in future periods. After
the O O Reimbursement Waiver period ends, subsequent gross capital raised by the Company will be subject to the maximum organization and offering cost reimbursement of 1.5%.  
 The Company is a party to a managing dealer agreement with CNL Securities Corp., an affiliate of CNL. CNL Securities Corp. serves as the managing dealer of
the Company s Offering and in connection therewith will receive up-front selling commissions of up to 2.00% of gross offering proceeds, up-front dealer manager fees of up to 2.75% of gross offering proceeds and distribution and shareholder
servicing fees at an annualized rate of 1.25% of the Company s most recently published net asset value per share, excluding shares issued through the distribution reinvestment plan. Shares may also be subject to a contingent deferred sales
charge in the event that a stockholder tenders his or her shares of common stock prior to the fourth anniversary of the date such shares were purchased. All or any portion of these fees may be re-allowed to participating brokers. Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) Rule 2310 provides that the maximum underwriting compensation payable from any source to FINRA members participating in an offering may not exceed 10% of gross offering proceeds, excluding proceeds from
a distribution reinvestment plan.    In addition, under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Advisors are entitled to reimbursement of
certain expenses incurred on behalf of the Company including expenses incurred in connection with its investment operations and investment transactions.  
 The Company is a party to an administrative services agreement with CNL, under which CNL performs, or oversees the performance of, various administrative
services on behalf of the Company. Administrative services include investor services, general ledger accounting, fund accounting, maintaining required financial records, calculating the Company s net asset value, filing tax returns, preparing
and filing SEC reports, preparing, printing, and disseminating shareholder reports and generally overseeing the payment of the Company s expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others.
The Company reimburses CNL for administrative expenses it incurs in performing its obligations.    The Company is a party to an Expense Support and
Conditional Reimbursement Agreement, as amended (the  Expense Support Agreement ) with the Advisors pursuant to which the Advisors jointly and severally agree to pay to the Company some or all operating expenses (an  Expense Support
Payment ) for each month during the Expense Support Payment Period (as defined below) in which the Company s board of trustees declares a distribution to its shareholders. The  Expense Support Payment Period  commenced on
March 1, 2016 and ends on December 31, 2016. The Advisors are entitled to be reimbursed promptly by the Company (a  Reimbursement Payment ) for Expense Support Payments made with respect to any class of common stock, subject to
the limitation that no Reimbursement Payment may be made by the Company to the extent that it would cause the Company s other operating expenses (as defined in the Expense Support Agreement) for such class of common stock to exceed the lesser
of (A) 1.75% of average net assets attributable to shares of such class of common stock and (B) the percentage of our average net assets attributable  
      17  

Table of Contents  

to shares of such class of common stock represented by other operating expenses (as defined in the Expense Support Agreement) during the fiscal year in which such expense support payment from the
Advisors was made (provided, however, that this clause (B) shall not apply to any reimbursement payment which relates to an expense support payment from the Advisors made during the same fiscal year). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
the Expense Support Agreement, no Reimbursement Payment shall be made with respect to any class of common stock if the effective rate of distributions per share on such class of common stock declared by the Company at the time of such Reimbursement
Payment is less than the effective rate of distributions per share on such class of common stock at the time the Expense Support Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates. For this purpose,  effective rate of distributions
per share  means actual declared distribution rate per share exclusive of return of capital, if any. The Company s obligation to reimburse each Expense Support Payment will terminate three years from the date on which such Expense Support
Payment was paid or waived. Management believes that Reimbursement Payments are not probable as of September 30, 2016.    As of September 30,
2016, the amount of Expense Support Payment obligation paid or payable by the Advisors is $1,447,589, representing all of the Company s operating expenses, excluding distribution and shareholder servicing fees and performance based incentive
fees, incurred between March 1, 2016 (commencement of operations) and September 30, 2016.    Related party fees and expenses incurred on behalf of
the Company during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are summarized below:      

(1) 
 Incentive fees on capital gains are included in performance-based incentive fees in the condensed statement of operations. The following table provides additional details for the incentive fee on capital gains for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016:        
     Indemnification    -  The Investment Advisory Agreement and the Sub-Advisory Agreement provide certain
indemnification in favor of the Advisors, their directors, officers, persons associated with the Advisors, and their affiliates. The managing dealer agreement contains certain indemnification provisions in favor of the managing dealer and each
participating broker and their respective officers, directors, partners, employees, associated persons, agents and control persons. In addition, the Company s declaration of trust contains certain indemnifications in favor of the Company s
officers, trustees, agents, and certain other persons. As of September 30, 2016, management believed that the risk of incurring any losses for such indemnification was remote.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   6. Distributions   
 The Company s board of trustees declared distributions of $0.010904 per share for 32 weekly record dates beginning on March 1, 2016 through and
including October 4, 2016. Distributions were paid on March 30, 2016, April 27, 2016, June 1, 2016, June 29, 2016, July 27, 2016, August 31, 2016, September 28, 2016 and
October 26, 2016. The Advisors received distributions of $187,866 from the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    The total and
the sources of declared distributions on a GAAP basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are presented in the tables below.      
   Sources of distributions, other than net investment income and realized gains on a GAAP basis, include required adjustments to
GAAP net investment income in the current period to determine taxable income available for distributions. The following table summarizes the primary sources of differences between GAAP net increase in net assets from operations and estimated taxable
income available for distributions for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      

(1)  
   The above table does not represent all adjustments to calculate taxable income available for distributions.    
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the tax-related sources of distributions of $510,695 are less than shareholder distributions of $540,791. A
final determination of taxable income and the tax classifications of the calendar year paid distributions is made annually at the end of the year.     7.
Fee Income     Fee income, which is nonrecurring, consisted of the following:      
 
      19  

Table of Contents  

   8. Share Transactions   
 On September 25, 2014, the Company entered into founder stock purchase agreements for the sale of (i) 111.11 shares of common stock to CNL Fund
Advisors Company for consideration of $1,000, and (ii) 111.11 shares of common stock to KKR for consideration of $1,000. On December 31, 2014, CNL Fund Advisors Company transferred its shares in the Company s common stock to CNL, one
of the Company s Advisors.    On August 26, 2015 and August 27, 2015, respectively, the Company entered into share purchase agreements for
the sale of (i) 277,777.78 shares of common stock to CNL for consideration of $2.5 million effective after the Company s initial registration statement was declared effective by the SEC and prior to acceptance of other shareholders
unaffiliated with the Company, and (ii) 277,777.78 shares of common stock to KKR for consideration of $2.5 million effective after the Company s initial registration statement was declared effective by the SEC and prior to acceptance of
other shareholders unaffiliated with the Company. As part of this agreement, on August 26, 2015, CNL purchased 22,222.22 shares of common stock for consideration of $200,000. On March 1, 2016, the Advisors completed their purchases under
the share purchase agreements. The Company met its minimum offering requirement with proceeds received from CNL and KKR from these share purchase agreements.  
 On February 12, 2016, the Company amended and restated its Declaration of Trust, increasing the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock from
1,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares.    The following table summarizes the total shares issued and proceeds received in connection with the
Company s Offering for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      
     
   As of September 30, 2016, the Company has sold or issued
3,823,466 shares of common stock through the Offering, including reinvestment of distributions, for total gross proceeds of $36,282,001.    On
March 29, 2016, the Company s board of trustees increased the public offering price of the Company s continuous public offering of common stock from $9.45 per share to $9.50 per share. This increase became effective as of
March 29, 2016. As a result of the increase in the Company s public offering price per share, the Company s maximum sales load and the net proceeds per share correspondingly increased from $0.450 to $0.452 and from $9.00 to $9.05,
respectively.    On May 27, 2016, our board of trustees increased the public offering price of our continuous public offering of common stock from
$9.50 per share to $9.55 per share. This increase in our public offering price became effective as of June 1, 2016. As a result of the increase in our public offering price per share, our maximum sales load per share and the net proceeds per
share correspondingly increased from $0.452 to $0.454 and from $9.05 to $9.10, respectively.    On July 26, 2016, our board of trustees increased the
public offering price of our continuous public offering of common stock from $9.55 per share to $9.60 per share. This increase in our public offering price became effective as of July 27, 2016. As a result of the increase in our public offering
price per share, our maximum sales load per share and the net proceeds per share correspondingly increased from $0.454 to $0.456 and from $9.10 to $9.14, respectively.  
 On August 15, 2016, our board of trustees increased the public offering price of our continuous public offering of common stock from $9.60 per share to
$9.65 per share. This increase in our public offering price became effective as of August 17, 2016. As a result of the increase in our public offering price per share, our maximum sales load per share and the net proceeds per share
correspondingly increased from $0.456 to $0.458 and from $9.14 to $9.19, respectively.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

   9. Financial Highlights   
 The following is a schedule of financial highlights for one share of common stock during the period from March 1, 2016 (commencement of operations)
through September 30, 2016.      

For the period ended September 30, 2016 (1)   

OPERATING PERFORMANCE PER SHARE  

Net Asset Value, Beginning of Period   
    
  $  
  9.00  

Net investment loss, before expense support
 (2)   

(0.74 
 )   
 
   Expense support (2)   

0.88 

Net investment income (2)   

0.14 

Net realized and unrealized
gains (2)(3)   

0.34 

Net increase resulting from investment operations   

0.48  

Distributions from net investment
income (4)   

(0.14 
 )   
 
   Distributions from net realized
gains (4)   

(0.05 
 )   
 
   Distributions in excess of net investment
income (4)(5)   

(0.15 
 )   

Net decrease resulting from distributions to common shareholders   

(0.34  
  )    

Issuance of common stock above net asset value
 (6)   

0.03 

Net increase resulting from capital share transactions   

0.03  

Net Asset Value, End of Period   
    
  $  
  9.17  

OPERATING PERFORMANCE PER SHARE  

Total investment return-net price (7)   

5.73 
 %   
 
   Total investment return-net asset
value (8)   

5.73 
 %   

RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA (all amounts in thousands except ratios)  

Net assets, end of period  
    
 $ 
 35,075 

Average net assets (9)   
    
 $ 
 14,997 

Shares outstanding, end of period  

3,823 

Weighted average shares outstanding  

1,646 

Ratios to Average Net Assets: (9)   

Total operating expenses before expense support  

11.12 
 %   
 
   Total operating expenses after expense support  

1.47 
 %   
 
   Net investment income  

1.49 
 %   
 
   Portfolio turnover rate  

13 
 %   

(2) 
 The per share data was derived by using the weighted average shares outstanding during the period.    

(3) 
 The amount shown at this caption is the balancing figure derived from the other figures in the schedule. The amount shown at this caption for a share outstanding throughout the period may not agree with the change in
the aggregate gains and losses in portfolio securities for the period because of the timing of sales of the Company s shares in relation to fluctuating market values for the portfolio.    

(4) 
 The per share data for distributions is the actual amount of distributions paid or payable per share of common stock outstanding during the entire period; distributions per share are rounded to the nearest $0.01.

(5) 
 See Note 6 for further information on the source of distributions from other than net investment income and realized gains.    

(6) 
 The continuous issuance of common stock may cause an incremental increase in net asset value per share due to the sale of shares at the then prevailing public offering price and the receipt of net proceeds per share by
the Company in excess of net asset value per share on each subscription closing date. The per share data was derived by computing (i) the sum of (A) the number of shares issued in connection with subscriptions and/or distribution
reinvestment on each share transaction date times (B) the differences between the net proceeds per share and the net asset value per share on each share transaction date, divided by (ii) the total shares outstanding at the end of the
period.    
      21  

Table of Contents  

(7) 
 Total investment return-net price is a measure of total return for shareholders who purchased the Company s common stock at the beginning of the period, including distributions declared during the period. Total
investment return-net price is based on (i) the purchase of one share at the public offering price, net of sales load, on the first day of the period, (ii) the sale at the net asset value per share on the last day of the period, of
(A) one share plus (B) any fractional shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of monthly distributions, and (iii) distributions payable relating to one share, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment
return-net price calculation assumes that (i) monthly cash distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company s distribution reinvestment plan and (ii) the fractional shares issued pursuant to the distribution reinvestment
plan are issued at the then current public offering price, net of sales load, on each monthly distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for the Company s shares, the terminal sales price per share is assumed to be equal to the
net asset value per share on the last day of the period presented. The Company s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown above. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment performance is
presented without regard to sales load that may be incurred by shareholders in the purchase of the Company s shares of common stock.    

(8) 
 Total investment return-net asset value is a measure of the change in total value for shareholders who held the Company s common stock at the beginning and end of the period, including distributions declared during
the period. Total investment return-net asset value is based on (i) net asset value per share on the first day of the period, (ii) the net asset value per share on the last day of the period, of (A) one share plus (B) any
fractional shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of monthly distributions, and (iii) distributions payable relating to one share, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment return-net asset value calculation assumes
that (i) monthly cash distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company s distribution reinvestment plan and (ii) the fractional shares issued pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan are issued at the then current
public offering price, net of sales load, on each monthly distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for the Company s shares, terminal market value per share is assumed to be equal to net asset value per share on the last day
of the period presented. The Company s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown above. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment performance is presented without regard to sales load that
may be incurred by shareholders in the purchase of the Company s shares of common stock.    

(9) 
 The computation of average net assets during the period is based on the daily value of net assets. Ratios are not annualized.    
  10. Commitment   Contingences     Unfunded
commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not recorded in the Company s condensed statements of assets and liabilities. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily
represent future cash requirements. The Company has sufficient liquidity to fund these commitments. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s unfunded commitments consisted of the following:  

(1) 
 May be commitments to one or more entities affiliated with the named company.      The Company funds its equity
investments as it receives funding notices from the portfolio companies. At September 30, 2016, the Company s unfunded commitments have a fair value of $0.  
 In the normal course of business, the Company may enter into guarantees on behalf of portfolio companies. Under these arrangements, the Company would be
required to make payments to third parties if the portfolio companies were to default on their related payment obligations. The Company had no such guarantees outstanding at either September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  
  11. Subsequent Events     During the period from
October 1, 2016 through November 10, 2016, the Company received additional net proceeds of approximately $9.7 million from its Offering, including amounts through its distribution reinvestment plan.  
 On October 10, 2016, our board of trustees increased the public offering price of our continuous public offering of common stock from $9.65 per share to
$9.75 per share. This increase in our public offering price became effective as of October 11, 2016. As a result of the increase in our public offering price per share, our maximum sales load per share and the net proceeds per share will
correspondingly increase from $0.458 to $0.463 and from $9.19 to $9.29, respectively.    On October 10, 2016, the Company s board of trustees
declared distributions of $0.011250 per share for thirteen record dates beginning October 11, 2016 through January 3, 2017.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations     The following discussion is based on the unaudited condensed financial statements as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Amounts as of December 31, 2015 included in the unaudited condensed financial statements have been derived from the audited financial statements as of
that date. This information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto, as well as, the audited financial statements, notes and management s discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations included in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the period ended December 31, 2015. Capitalized terms used in this Item 2 have the same meaning as in
the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements in Item 1 unless otherwise defined herein.     Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Information     The following information contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). These statements generally are characterized by the
use of terms such as  may,   should,   plan,   anticipate,   estimate,   intend,   predict,   believe  and  expect  or the negative of these terms or other
comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
Some factors that might cause such a difference include the following: persistent economic weakness at the global or national level, increased direct competition, changes in government regulations or accounting rules, changes in local, national and
global capital market conditions, our ability to obtain or maintain credit lines or credit facilities on satisfactory terms, changes in interest rates, availability of proceeds from our offering of shares, our ability to identify suitable
investments, our ability to close on identified investments, our ability to obtain or maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company and as a business development company, the ability of our Advisors (defined below) and their
affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals, inaccuracies of our accounting estimates, the ability of our Advisors to locate suitable borrowers for our loans and the ability of such borrowers to make payments under their
respective loans. Given these uncertainties, we caution you not to place undue reliance on such statements, which apply only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking
statements that may be made to reflect future events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. The forward-looking statements should be read in light of the risk factors identified in the  Risk Factors  section
of our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  filing for the period ended December 31, 2015 and Item 1A in Part II of this Quarterly Report.  
 The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by
Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.     Overview   
 We are a non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company under the
1940 Act. Formed as a Delaware statutory trust on August 12, 2014, we are externally managed by CNL Fund Advisors II, LLC ( CNL ) and KKR Credit Advisors (US) LLC ( KKR ) collectively, the  Advisors , which are
collectively responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring investments, determining the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain
or sell and monitoring our portfolio on an ongoing basis. Both of our Advisors are registered as investment advisers with the SEC. We have filed for exemptive relief from the SEC to allow us to co-invest with certain affiliates of our Advisors. We
have also applied for exemptive relief from the SEC to offer multiple share classes.      Investment Objective and Investments    
 On March 1, 2016 we raised the minimum offering requirement via share purchases from the Advisors, commenced investment operations and
began executing our strategy of investing in the debt of privately owned and thinly traded U.S. companies. These investments were sourced, underwritten and monitored by our Advisors. As of September 30, 2016, our investment portfolio consisted
of investments in 43 portfolio companies, and had a total fair value of $31,841,824.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  Our investment objective is to provide our shareholders with current income and, to a lesser
extent, long-term capital appreciation. We intend to meet our investment objective by investing primarily in the debt of privately owned U.S. companies (also referred to as  portfolio companies ) with a focus on originated transactions
sourced through the networks of our Advisors upon obtaining exemptive relief from the SEC allowing us to co-invest with certain affiliates of our Advisors. We define originated transactions as any negotiated investment where we, through our
Advisors  direct efforts, provide funds directly to a portfolio company. A substantial portion of our portfolio currently consists, and we anticipate will consist, of direct lending investments, which we believe offer potential opportunities
for superior risk-adjusted returns and income generation. Our debt investments may take the form of corporate loans or bonds, may be directly originated as primary market negotiated transactions or purchased on the secondary market, may be secured
or unsecured and may, in some cases, be accompanied by warrants, options or other forms of equity participation. We may separately purchase common or preferred equity interests in transactions.  
 Our investment strategy is focused on creating and growing an Investment Portfolio that generates superior risk-adjusted returns by carefully
selecting investments through rigorous due diligence and actively managing and monitoring our Investment Portfolio. When evaluating an investment and the related portfolio company, we use the resources of our Advisors to develop an investment thesis
and a proprietary view of a potential portfolio company s intrinsic value. We believe our flexible approach to investing allows us to take advantage of opportunities that offer favorable risk/reward characteristics.  
 We pursue our strategy by focusing on the following investment types:  

Senior Debt.  We invest in senior debt, in which we generally take a security interest in the available assets of the portfolio company, including equity interests in any of its subsidiaries. These investments
generally take the form of senior secured first lien loans, senior secured second lien loans or senior secured bonds. In some circumstances, our lien could be subordinated to claims of other creditors.    

Subordinated Debt . Our subordinated debt investments are generally subordinated to senior debt and are generally unsecured. These investments are generally structured with interest-only payments throughout the
life of the security, with the principal due at maturity.        

Equity Investments.  We also make selected equity investments. In addition, when we invest in senior and subordinated debt, we may acquire warrants or options to purchase equity securities or benefit from other
types of equity participation. Our goal is ultimately to dispose of these equity securities and realize gains upon our disposition of such interests.        

Convertible Securities.  We may invest in convertible securities, such as bonds, debentures, notes, preferred stocks or other securities that may be converted into, or exchanged for, a specified amount of
common stock of the same or different issuer within a particular period of time at a specified price or formula.        

Investments in Private Investment Funds.  We may invest in, or wholly own, private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds, limited liability companies, REITs, and other business entities. In
valuing our investments in private investment funds, we rely primarily on information provided by managers of such funds. Valuations of illiquid securities, such as interests in certain private investment funds, involve various judgments and
consideration of factors that may be subjective. There is a risk that inaccurate valuations provided by managers of private investment funds could adversely affect the value of our common stock. We may not be able to withdraw our investment in
certain private investment funds promptly after we have made a decision to do so, which may result in a loss to us and adversely affect our investment returns.        

Derivatives . We may invest in various types of derivatives, including total return swaps, interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward contracts and options.    
 The level of our investment activity can and will vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including: the amount of
capital we have available for investment, the availability of credit to finance investment transactions, the demand for debt from creditworthy privately owned U.S. companies, the level of merger, acquisition and refinancing activity involving
private companies, the general economic environment, and the competitive investment environment for the types of investments we intend to make. Based on prevailing market conditions, we anticipate that we will invest the proceeds from the periodic
sale of our common stock within 30-90 days. The precise timing will depend on the availability of investment opportunities that are consistent with our investment objective and strategies. Any distributions we make during such period may be
substantially lower than the distributions that we expect to pay when our portfolio is fully invested.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  As a business development company, we are required to comply with certain regulatory
requirements. For instance, we may not acquire any assets other than  qualifying assets  as specified in the 1940 Act unless, at such time such acquisition is made, at least 70% of our total assets are qualifying assets as determined at
the end of the prior quarter (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in  eligible portfolio companies.  Under the relevant SEC rules, the term  eligible portfolio company  includes all U.S.
private companies, U.S. companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain U.S. public companies that have listed their securities on a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than
$250 million. These rules also permit us to include as qualifying assets certain follow-on investments in companies that were eligible portfolio companies at the time of initial investment but no longer meet the definition of eligible portfolio
company at the time of the follow-on investment.      Revenues    
 We generate revenue primarily in the form of interest on the debt securities of portfolio companies that we acquire and hold for investment
purposes. We expect that our investments in debt securities will generally have an expected maturity of three to ten years, although we have no lower or upper constraint on maturity, and we expect to earn interest at a fixed or floating rate.
Interest on our debt securities is generally payable to us quarterly or semi-annually In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of prepayment fees, amendment fees, commitment fees, origination fees, and fees for providing significant
managerial assistance.      Operating Expenses    
 Our primary operating expenses include an investment advisory fee and, depending on our operating results, performance-based incentive fees,
administrative expenses, custodian and accounting fees and other third-party professional services and expenses. The investment advisory fee and performance-based incentive fees compensate the Advisors for their services in identifying, evaluating,
negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

   Financial and Operating Highlights   
 The following table presents financial and operating highlights as of September 30, 2016, and for the nine months ended September 30,
2016:      
    Business Environment   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, markets continued to be influenced by geopolitical concerns, the increased regulation of
financial institutions, as well as sector specific dislocations. The credit markets, especially high yield, experienced a rally in mid-2016, and significant inflows and outflows in open end credit mutual funds and exchange traded funds
continue. These factors, along with lagging volume in lending in the middle market compared to recent years, have contributed to an increase in volatility and resulted in a more competitive lending environment.  
 Given the backdrop we have experienced, we continue to believe that our closed-end structure and long term fundamental underwriting approach
positions us well. We continue to focus on providing capital to companies that, for a variety of reasons, are unable to access the syndicated debt markets. We believe three items continue to support our underlying investment thesis. First,
leveraged lending guidelines at traditional lenders result in corporate and financial buyers looking beyond traditional financial intermediaries to support their deals. Second, there is less capital available for small-to-medium-sized
businesses, as banks reduce their footprints amidst shrinking net interest margins and heightened regulation. Finally, we believe the current environment offers attractive risk adjusted transaction terms through our ability to provide long term and
large financing solutions to our borrowers.    We believe future lending opportunities will expand given financial regulation stemming from
the 2009 credit crisis that is resulting in commercial banks reducing lending levels to middle market companies. We maintain a high degree of caution and believe continued focus on the fundamentals, including rigorous due diligence, robust
credit underwriting and direct structuring of investments, best positions the portfolio to protect principal and generate attractive risk-adjusted returns.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

   Portfolio and Investment Activity   
   Portfolio Investment Activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016    
 The following table summarizes our investment activity as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016:      

(1)   
 The weighted average annual yield for our debt investments is computed as (i) the sum of (a) the annual interest rate of each accruing debt investment multiplied by its par amount as of the end of the
applicable reporting period, plus (b) the annual amortization of the purchase or original issue discount or premium of accruing each debt investment, if any; divided by (ii) the total amortized cost of all accruing debt investments
included in the calculated group as of the end of the applicable reporting period.        
   The changes in the fair value of our Investment Portfolio are directly related to (i) the changes in
their cost basis as a result of incremental purchases and (ii) the changes in fair value for assets held at the beginning and end of the period. The net change in unrealized appreciation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
$482,699. See  Results of Operations   Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation  below for further details relating to the changes.      
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

  The weighted average yield on debt investments at amortized cost and fair value held in our
Investment Portfolio as of September 30, 2016 were as follows:      

Asset Category   
    
  Investment Portfolio at Amortized Cost(2)  

Senior debt  (1)   

Senior secured loans   first lien  

8.9 
 %   
 
   Senior secured loans   second lien  

10.2 
 %   
 
   Subordinated debt (1)   

7.0 
 %   

(1) 
 The weighted average yield on debt investments is based on amortized cost as of the end of the applicable period. The weighted average yield for our debt investments is computed as, (i) the sum of (a) the
annual interest rate of each accruing debt investment multiplied by its par amount as of the end of the applicable reporting period, plus (b) the annual amortization of the purchase or original issue discount or premium of each accruing debt
investment, if any; divided by (ii) the total amortized cost of all accruing debt investments included in the calculated group as of the end of the applicable reporting period.    

(2) 
 The yield on the Company s investments does not represent the return to the Company s shareholders.    
 The following table presents a summary of interest rate and maturity statistics for the debt investments, based on par value, in our
Investment Portfolio as of September 30, 2016:      

Floating interest rate debt investments:   
    
  September 30,   2016  

Percent of debt portfolio  

99.9 
 %   
 
   Percent of floating rate debt investments with interest rate floors  

100 
 %   
 
   Weighted average interest rate floor  

1.1 
 %   
 
   Weighted average coupon spread to base rate  

553 
 bps   
 
   Weighted average years to maturity  

4.9 

Fixed interest rate debt investments:   

Percent of debt portfolio  

0.1 
 %   
 
   Weighted average coupon rate  

6.88 
 %   
 
   Weighted average years to maturity  

8.5 
     
   All of our floating interest rate debt investments have base rate reset frequencies of less than twelve months
with the majority resetting at least quarterly. The three-month LIBOR, the most prevalent index employed among our floating interest rate debt investments, ranged between 0.61% and 0.87%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and was
0.85% on September 30, 2016. Base rate resets for floating interest rate investments will only result in interest income increases when the reset base interest rate exceeds the associated interest rate floor.  
 Our weighted average annual yield on debt investments was 9.1% as of September 30, 2016. The weighted average annual yield on debt
investments is higher than what investors in our Company will realize because it does not reflect expenses of the Company or any sales load. Total investment return-net price and total investment return-net asset value were 5.73% and 5.73%,
respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. See Note 9  Financial Highlights  in our unaudited condensed financial statements.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the credit ratings of the investments in our Investment Portfolio,
based upon the rating scale of Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, as of September 30, 2016:      
   The following table presents a summary of our Investment Portfolio arranged by industry classifications of the
portfolio companies as of September 30, 2016:      
    Capital Resources and Liquidity   
   Sources and Uses of Capital      Our
capital resources and liquidity are primarily derived from (i) equity capital proceeds from our Offering, (ii) cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments, (iii) our distribution reinvestment plan, and
(iv) expense support payments received from our Advisors. Our primary uses of funds include (i) investments in portfolio companies, (ii) distributions to our shareholders, (iii) advisory fees and (iv) operating expenses. We
expect to use proceeds from the turnover of our Investment Portfolio and equity capital proceeds from our Offering to finance our investment activities.  
   Liquidity      During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, proceeds from sales of investments and principal payments totaled $1.58 million. As of September 30, 2016, we had the following sources of immediate liquidity available to us:  
   
   In addition to the source of liquidity listed above, we continue to raise capital through our Offering. As of
September 30, 2016, we had approximately 271 million additional shares of common stock available for sale through the Offering.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

    Commitments and Contingencies    
 See Note 10  Commitments and Contingencies  in our unaudited condensed financial statements for information on our commitments
and contingencies as of September 30, 2016.      Distributions to Shareholders    
 We pay monthly distributions to our shareholders in the form of cash. Shareholders may elect to reinvest their distributions as additional
shares of our common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan. Dividends are taxable to our shareholders even if they are reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. The following table reflects the cash distributions per share and
the total amount of distributions that we have declared on our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
   Approximately 34% of the distributions declared during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were
reinvested in shares of our common stock by participants in our dividend reinvestment plan and the reinvested distributions represents an additional source of capital to us. See Note 6  Distributions  in our unaudited condensed
financial statements for additional disclosures on distributions.    We do not expect any portion of our distributions paid in 2016 to be
treated as a return of capital for tax purposes. We disclose the sources of funds used to pay distributions to our shareholders in periodic reports that accompany (i) quarterly account statements and (ii) monthly distribution checks that
are prepared and sent directly by our transfer agent to our shareholders. See Note 6  Distributions  in our unaudited condensed financial statements for a discussion of the sources of funds used to pay distributions on a GAAP basis
for the periods presented.     Results of Operations   
 As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of our Investment Portfolio totaled $31.84 million. The majority of our investments at
September 30, 2016 consisted of debt investments. See the section entitled  Portfolio and Investment Activity  above for a discussion of the general terms and characteristics of our investments, and for information regarding
investment activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    The following is a summary of our operating results for the
three and six months ended September 30, 2016:      
 
      30  

Table of Contents  

    Investment income    
 Investment income consisted of the following for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, our weighted average annual yield on our accruing debt investments was 9.1%
based on amortized cost, as defined above in  Portfolio and Investment Activity.  The weighted average annual yield on debt investments is higher than what investors in our Company will realize because it does not reflect expenses of the
Company or any sales load. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 99.9% of our debt investments had floating rate interest; therefore, changes in interest rates could have a material impact on our interest income in the future. See Item 3
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  for further information on the impact interest rate changes could have on our results of operations.  
 Our fee income consists of transaction-based fees and is nonrecurring. See Note 7.  Fee Income  in Item 1.  Financial
Statements  for additional information on fee income.    We commenced investment operations on March 1, 2016. Incremental amounts
of investment capital were deployed in the acquisition of portfolio investments throughout the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as we received net proceeds from our Offering on a weekly basis. However, we believe that our interest income
and total investment income is not representative of either our stabilized performance or our future performance. We expect an increase in interest income in future periods due to (i) an increasing proportion of investments held for the entire
period relative to incremental investment activity during each quarter, and (ii) an increasing base of investments that we expect to result from the expected increase in capital available for investment as related to our Offering.  
   Operating expenses      Our operating
expenses for the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2016 were as follows:      
   All operating expenses except for performance-based incentive fees and distribution and shareholder servicing
fees since inception were offset by the Advisors  expense support payments. We consider the following expense categories to be relatively fixed in the near term: administrative services, trustee fees and expenses and custodian and accounting
fees. Variable operating expenses include professional services, investment advisory fees, performance based incentive fees, distribution and shareholder servicing fees, and a component of other operating expenses related to transfer agency
services and shareholder services. We expect these variable operating expenses to increase either in connection with the growth in the asset base (investment advisory fees, performance-based incentive fees, and interest expense), the number of
shareholders and open accounts (transfer agency services and shareholder services, distribution and shareholder servicing fees) and the complexity of our investment processes and capital structure (professional services).  
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Investment advisory fees and performance-based incentive fees   
 Our investment advisory fees are calculated at an annual rate of 2% of our average gross assets. Our Advisors are also eligible to receive
incentive fees based on our performance. Our performance-based incentive fees, which are comprised of two parts, consisted of the following for the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2016:  
   
   A subordinated incentive fee on income is payable to our Advisors each calendar quarter if our pre-incentive
fee net investment fee income (as defined in the Investment Advisory Agreement and approved by our board of trustees) exceeds the 1.75% quarterly preference return to our shareholders (the ratio of pre-incentive fee net investment income divided by
average adjusted capital). We did not incur any subordinated incentive fee on income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 The annual incentive fees on capital gains recorded for GAAP purposes is equal to (i) 20% of our realized and unrealized capital gains on
a cumulative basis since inception, net of all realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation on a cumulative basis from inception, less (ii) the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fees on capital gains. For financial
reporting purposes, in accordance with GAAP, we include unrealized appreciation on our Investment Portfolio in the calculation of incentive fees on capital gains; however, such amounts are not payable by us unless and until the net unrealized
appreciation is actually realized. The actual amount of incentive fees on capital gains that are due and payable to the Advisors is determined at the end of the calendar year.  
 See   Contractual Obligations   Investment Advisory Agreements,  below for further details about the performance-based
incentive fees.     Net realized gains   
 For the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company had proceeds from sales of investments of $1.45 million and
$1.47 million , respectively, and recognized $71,463 and $71,831, respectively, in realized gains from the sale of investments.     Net change in
unrealized appreciation or depreciation     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, net unrealized appreciation
consisted of the following:      
   For the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2016, net unrealized appreciation and
depreciation on investments consisted of the following:      
 
      32  

Table of Contents  

  We are not aware of any material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, that may be
reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from our investments, other than those described above, the risk factors, if any, identified in Part II, Item 1A of this
report, and the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Risk Factors  sections of our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the
period ended December 31, 2015.     Adjusted net investment income   
 Our net investment income totaled $155,843 ($0.06 per share) and $223,439 ($0.14 per share) for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively. As described above in  Investment advisory fees and performance-based incentive fees,  we accrue estimated performance-based incentive fees with respect to any net realized and unrealized appreciation
in our Investment Portfolio. The performance-based incentive fees are treated as an operating expense and therefore are a deduction in calculating our net investment income on a GAAP basis. However, our net realized and unrealized appreciation on
our Investment Portfolio that partly determines these fees are not included in net investment income. Therefore, in order to evaluate our net investment income without regard to realized and unrealized appreciation in our Investment Portfolio,
including the impact of related accrued performance-based fees, we have developed a supplemental, non-GAAP measure, which we refer to as  adjusted net investment income,  which presents net investment income before the effects of unearned
performance-based incentive fees. Adjusted net investment income is also impacted by the expense support payments and reimbursements.    We
believe that adjusted net investment income is useful to assess the sustainability of our distributions and operating performance. Adjusted net investment income is not necessarily indicative of cash flows available to fund cash needs and should not
be considered as an alternative to net investment income as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations as an indication of our liquidity, or indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs including our
ability to make future distributions to our shareholders. Adjusted net investment income should not be construed as an historic performance measure or as more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net investment
income and its applicability in evaluating our operating performance.    The following table presents a reconciliation of our net investment
income to adjusted net investment income for the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2016.      
     Net Assets, Net Asset Value per Share and Annual Investment Return    
 Net assets increased $34.87 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The most significant increase in net assets
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was attributable to capital transactions including the issuance of shares of common stock of $34.64 million. Our operations resulted in net assets increasing $0.78 million during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. Our overall increase in net assets was slightly offset by distributions to shareholders in the amount of $0.54 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 Our net asset value per share was $9.17 on September 30, 2016. After considering (i) the overall changes in net asset value per
share, (ii) distributions paid of approximately $0.34 per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and (iii) the assumed reinvestment of those distributions at 95.25% of the prevailing offering price per share, the total
investment return was 5.73% (not annualized) for shareholders who held our shares over the entire March 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 period.  
 Our shares are illiquid investments for which there is currently not a secondary market. You should not expect to be able to resell your
shares regardless of how we perform. If you are able to sell your shares, you will likely receive less than your purchase price. Our net asset value and annualized returns   which are based in part upon determinations of fair value of
Level 3 investments by our board of trustees, not active market quotations   are inherently uncertain. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our unaudited condensed financial statements
which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our unaudited condensed financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
Note 2  Significant Accounting Policies  to our unaudited condensed financial statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial statements. We consider the accounting
policies listed below to be critical because they involve management judgments and assumptions, require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain and are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These
judgments affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (ii) our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the dates of the financial statements and (iii) the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such
estimates could cause actual results to differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies.      Valuation of
Investments and Unrealized Gain (Loss)     Our investments consist primarily of investments in senior and subordinated debt of private U.S. companies and are presented in our financial statements at fair value. See Note 3
 Investments,  in our unaudited condensed financial statements for more information on our investments. As described more fully in Note 2  Significant Accounting Policies  and Note 4  Fair Value of Financial
Instruments  in our unaudited condensed financial statements, a valuation hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence available regarding value is used to measure the fair value of our investments. Investments for which
market quotations are readily available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing services, broker-dealers or market makers. With respect to our portfolio investments for which market quotations are
not readily available, our board of trustees is responsible for determining in good faith the fair value of our portfolio investments in accordance with, and the consistent application of, the valuation policy and procedures approved by the board of
trustees, based on, among other things, the input of our Advisors, audit committee and independent third-party valuation firms.    We
utilize several valuation techniques that use unobservable inputs and assumptions in determining the fair value of our Level 3 investments. For senior debt, subordinated debt and structured products categorized as Level 3 investments, we
initially value the investment at its transaction price and subsequently value using (i) market data for similar instruments (e.g., recent transactions or indicative broker quotes), (ii) comparisons to benchmark derivative indices and/or
(iii) valuation models. Valuation models are based on yield analysis and discounted cash flow techniques, where the key inputs are based on relative value analyses and the assignment of risk-adjusted discounted rates derived from the analysis
of similar credit investments from similar issuers. In addition, an illiquidity discount is applied where appropriate. The valuation techniques used by us for other types of assets and liabilities that are classified as Level 3 investments are
described in Note 2 to our unaudited condensed financial statements. The unobservable inputs and assumptions may differ by asset and in the application of our valuation methodologies. The reported fair value estimates could vary materially if
we had chosen to incorporate different unobservable inputs and other assumptions.    We and our board of trustees conduct our fair value
determination process on a monthly basis and any other time when a decision regarding the fair value of our portfolio investments is required. A determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty
of determining the fair value of portfolio investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the our portfolio investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been determined had a readily
available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly traded securities. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment that does not
have a readily available market value in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than the fair value recorded by us.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     We had no
off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

   Contractual Obligations   
   Investment Advisory Agreements     We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with CNL for the overall management
of our investment activities. We and CNL have also entered into the Sub-Advisory Agreement with KKR, under which KKR is responsible for the day-to-day management of our Investment Portfolio. CNL compensates KKR for advisory services that it provides
to us with 50% of the base management fees and performance-based incentive fees that CNL receives under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, CNL earns a base management fee equal to an annual rate of 2%
of our average gross assets and an incentive fee based on our performance. The incentive fee will comprise the following two parts:      

An incentive fee on net investment income, which we refer to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears and is based upon our pre-incentive fee net investment income for
the calendar quarter. The quarterly incentive fee on net investment income is (a) 100% of the pre-incentive fee net investment income between 1.75% and 2.1875% of average adjusted capital,  plus  (b) 20% of pre-incentive fee net
investment income in excess of 2.1875% of average adjusted capital. Adjusted capital is defined as cumulative proceeds generated from sales of our common stock, including proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan, net of sales load (upfront
sales commissions and upfront dealer manager fees) reduced for (i) distributions paid to our shareholders that represent return of capital on a tax basis and (ii) amounts paid for share repurchases pursuant to our share repurchase program.
Average adjusted capital is computed on the daily adjusted capital for the actual number of days in the quarter. The quarterly preference return of 1.75% and upper level breakpoint of 2.1875% are also adjusted for the actual number of days in each
calendar quarter. For purposes of computing the subordinated incentive fee on income, net interest, if any, associated with a derivative or swap, (which represents the difference between (i) the interest income and fees received in respect of
the reference assets of the derivative or swap and (ii) the interest expense paid by us to the derivative or swap counterparty) is included in pre-incentive fee net investment income for purposes of the subordinated incentive fee on income.

An incentive fee on capital gains is calculated and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year. It is equal to 20% of our realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of such
calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fees on capital gains. For purposes of computing the incentive fee on
capital gains, realized gains and realized losses on the disposition of any reference assets, if any, as well as unrealized depreciation on reference assets retained in the derivative or swap, if any, will be included on a cumulative basis in the
calculation of the incentive fee on capital gains that may be payable annually to our Advisors.      As of
September 30, 2016, we had accrued an incentive fee on capital gains of $110,906. See Note 5  Related Party Transactions  in our financial statements for expanded discussion of the Investment Advisory Agreement and Sub-Advisory
Agreement.    The terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement entitle CNL (and indirectly KKR) to receive up to 1.5% of gross proceeds in
connection with the Offering as reimbursement for organization and offering expenses incurred by the Advisors on our behalf. The Advisors waived the reimbursement of organization and offering expenses in connection with the Company s gross
capital raised before December 31, 2016. After the O O Reimbursement Waiver period ends, subsequent gross capital raised by the Company will be subject to the maximum organization and offering cost reimbursement of 1.5%. The O O
Reimbursement Waiver does not reduce the amount of organization and offering expenses incurred by the Advisors that are eligible for reimbursement in future periods.  
  Unfunded Commitments     Unfunded
commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not recorded on our statements of assets and liabilities. Because these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash
requirements. As of September 30, 2016, our unfunded investment commitments totaled $0.03 million. We estimate that we have sufficient liquidity to fund such unfunded loan commitments should the need arise.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   Related Party Transactions   
 We have entered into agreements with our Advisors and certain of their affiliates, whereby we agree to pay certain fees to, or reimburse
certain expenses of, our Advisors and their affiliates for investment and advisory services, selling commissions and dealer manager fees in connection with our Offering, and reimbursement of offering and administrative and operating fees and costs.
See Note 5  Related Party Transactions  in our unaudited condensed financial statements and Part III   Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence  in our Form 10-K for
the period ended December 31, 2015 for a discussion of the various related party transactions, agreements and fees.     Impact of Recent Accounting
Pronouncements     See Item 1.  Financial Statements  for a summary of the impact of any recent accounting pronouncements,
if any.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
   Interest Rate Risk      We are subject
to financial market risks, in particular changes in interest rates. Future changes in interest rates will likely have effects on the interest income we earn on our portfolio investments, the fair value of our fixed income investments, the interest
rates and interest expense associated with the money we borrow and the fair value of loan balances.    Subject to the requirements of the
1940 Act, we may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts. Although hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also
limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates.    As of September 30, 2016, approximately 99.9% of our
portfolio of debt investments, or approximately $32.7 million measured at par value, featured floating or variable interest rates. The variable interest rate debt investments usually provide for interest payments based on three-month LIBOR (the
base rate) and typically have durations of three months after which the base rates are reset to then prevailing three-month LIBOR. As of September 30, 2016, 100% of our portfolio of variable interest rate debt investments, or approximately
$32.7 million measured at par value, featured minimum base rates, or base rate floors, and the weighted average base rate floor for such investments was 1.1%. Variable interest rate investments that feature a base rate floor generally reset to
the then prevailing three-month LIBOR only if the reset base rate exceeds the base rate floor on the applicable interest rate reset date, in which cases we may benefit through an increase in interest income from such interest rate adjustments.  
 Approximately 0.1% of our debt investment portfolio was invested in fixed interest rate, high yield corporate debt investments as of
September 30, 2016. Rising market interest rates will most likely lead to fair value declines for high yield corporate bonds and a decline in the net asset value of our common stock, while declining market interest rates will most likely lead
to an increase in bond values.    As of September 30, 2016, 98.1% of our debt investments had prices that are generally available from
third party pricing services. We consider these debt investments to be liquid since these types of assets are generally broadly syndicated and owned by a wide group of institutional investors, business development companies, mutual funds and other
investment funds. Additionally, this group of assets is susceptible to revaluation, or changes in bid-ask values, in response to sudden changes in expected rates of return associated with these investments.  
    Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this
report to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be included in our periodic SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the relevant SEC rules and forms.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
 During the most recent fiscal quarter, there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined under
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.  
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1.  Legal Proceedings    None   
    Item 1A.  Risk Factors     There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in
response to Item 1A. to Part I. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2015 (the  Annual Report ), except for the following:  
  The  Risk Factors  section of the Annual Report is amended by replacing the third paragraph under the risk factor entitled
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on our Advisors  ability to manage and support our investment process. If our Advisors were to lose a significant number of their respective key professionals, or terminate the
Advisory Agreement and/or the Sub-Advisory Agreement, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed.  with the following:   
 In addition, both the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Sub-Advisory Agreement have similar termination provisions that allow the
agreements to be terminated without penalty. The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by (i) CNL upon 120 days  prior written notice to us and (ii) us upon
60 days  prior written notice to CNL if our independent trustees or holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock so direct. The Sub-Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by
(i) KKR upon 120 days  prior written notice to CNL and us, and (ii) by CNL or us upon 60 days  prior written notice to KKR if our independent trustees or holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
so direct. In addition, CNL and KKR have agreed that, in the event that one of them is removed by us other than for cause, or the advisory agreement of either of them is not renewed, the other will also terminate its agreement with us. The
termination of either agreement may adversely affect the quality of our investment opportunities. In addition, in the event either agreement were terminated, it may be difficult for us to replace CNL or for CNL to replace KKR.  
  The  Risk Factors  section of the Annual Report is amended by replacing the first and second paragraphs under the risk factor
entitled  A majority of our investment portfolio will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by our board of trustees and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of
our portfolio investments.  with the following:     Under the 1940 Act, we are required to carry our portfolio investments at market
value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined in accordance with procedures established by our board of trustees. There is not a public market or active secondary market for many of the securities of the
privately held companies in which we intend to invest. The majority of our investments may not be publicly traded or actively traded on a secondary market but, instead, may be traded on a privately negotiated over-the-counter secondary market for
institutional investors. As a result, we will value a majority of these securities monthly at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with the valuation policy and procedures approved by our board of trustees.  
 The determination of fair value, and thus the amount of unrealized gains or losses we may recognize in any reporting period, is to a degree
subjective, and our Advisors have a conflict of interest in making recommendations of fair value. We will value our investments monthly at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by our board of trustees
based on input from our Advisors. Our board of trustees may utilize the services of an independent third-party valuation firm to aid us in determining the fair value of certain securities. The types of factors that may be considered in determining
the fair values of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly
traded companies, discounted cash flow, current market interest rates and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, the valuations may
fluctuate significantly over short periods of time due to changes in current market conditions. The determinations of fair value in accordance with procedures established by our board of trustees may differ materially from the values that would have
been used if an active market and market quotations existed for such investments. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of the investments were materially higher than the values that we
ultimately realize upon the disposal of such investments.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

   The  Risk Factors  section of the Annual Report is amended by replacing the fifth
paragraph under the risk factor entitled  Our investments in private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds, limited liability companies and other business entities, subject us indirectly to the underlying risks of such
private investment funds and additional fees and expenses.  with the following:     Our board of trustees   with the assistance
of the Advisors, officers and, through them, independent valuation agents   is responsible for determining in good faith the fair value of our portfolio investments for which market quotations are not readily available (as is the case of
private investment funds). Our board of trustees will make this determination on a monthly basis and any other time when a decision is required regarding the fair value of our investments in private investment funds or other portfolio investments
for which market quotations are not available. A determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates, and it is possible that the fair value determined for a security may differ materially from the value that could be realized
upon the sale of the security.     The  Risk Factors  section of the Annual Report is amended by replacing the first paragraph under the
subheading  Our investments in private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds, limited liability companies and other business entities, subject us indirectly to the underlying risks of such private investment funds and
additional fees and expenses  with the following:     We may invest up to 15% of our net assets in private investment funds,
including hedge funds, private equity funds, limited liability companies and other business entities which would be required to register as investment companies but for an exemption under Sections 3(c)(1) and 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. Our investments
in such private investment funds expose us to the risks associated with the businesses of such funds or entities. These private investment funds may or may not be registered investment companies and, thus, may not be subject to protections afforded
by the 1940 Act, covering, among other areas, liquidity requirements, governance by an independent board, affiliated transaction restrictions, leverage limitations, public disclosure requirements and custody requirements.  
  The  Risk Factors  section of the Annual Report is amended by adding the following paragraph after the last paragraph under the  Risks
Related to Our Investments  subheading:      Investments in which we have a non-controlling interest may involve risks specific to third-party
management of those investments.     We may also co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities,
thereby acquiring jointly-controlled or non-controlling interests in certain investments in conjunction with participation by one or more third parties in such investment. Such joint venture partners or third party managers may include former KKR
personnel or associated persons. As co-investors, we may have interests or objectives that are inconsistent with those of the third-party partners or co-venturers. Although we may not have full control over these investments and therefore, may have
a limited ability to protect its position therein, we expect that we will negotiate appropriate rights to protect our interests. Nevertheless, such investments may involve risks not present in investments where a third party is not involved,
including the possibility that a third-party partner or co-venturer may have financial difficulties, resulting in a negative impact on such investment, may have economic or business interests or goals which are inconsistent with ours, or may be in a
position to take (or block) action in a manner contrary to the our investment objectives or the increased possibility of default by, diminished liquidity or insolvency of, the third party, due to a sustained or general economic downturn. Third-party
partners or co-venturers may opt to liquidate an investment at a time during which such liquidation is not optimal for us. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of its third-party partners or co-venturers. In those
circumstances where such third parties involve a management group, such third parties may receive compensation arrangements relating to such investments, including incentive compensation arrangements.  
  The  Risk Factors  section of the Annual Report is amended by replacing the risk factor entitled  Investors will not know the purchase price
per share at the time they submit their subscription agreements and could receive fewer shares of common stock than anticipated if our board of trustees determines to increase the offering price to comply with the requirement that we avoid selling
shares below net asset value.  with the following:     Shares will be offered at an offering price of $9.75 per share. We will seek
to avoid interruptions in the continuous offering of our common shares, however, if our net asset value per share: (i) declines more than 10% from the net asset value per share as of the effective date of this registration statement,
(ii) increases to an amount that is greater than the net proceeds per share as stated in the prospectus, or (iii) declines below 97.5% of the net proceeds per share as stated in the prospectus, to the extent permitted or required under the
rules and regulations of the SEC, we will either supplement the prospectus or file an amendment to the registration statement with the SEC to change our offering price or will voluntarily suspend selling shares in the offering. However, there can be
no assurance that our continuous offering will not be interrupted during the SEC s review of any such registration statement amendment or if our board of trustees determine to voluntarily suspend selling shares in this offering as opposed to
supplementing or amending the registration statement with the SEC.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  Additionally, our board of trustees may change the offering price at any time to ensure that our
net asset value per share is equal to or less than the public offering price, net of sales load and equal to or greater than 97.5% of the net proceeds per share when we sell shares of common stock.  
 As a result, your purchase price may be higher than the prior subscription closing price per share, and therefore you may receive a smaller
number of shares than if you had subscribed at the prior subscription closing price.     The  Risk Factors  section of the Annual Report is
amended by replacing the risk factor entitled  The price that the investor pays for our shares may not reflect the current net asset value of our company at the time of his or her subscription.  with the following:   
 If our net asset value increases above our net proceeds per share as stated in this prospectus, we will sell our shares at a higher price as
necessary to ensure that shares are not sold at a net price, after deduction of upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees, that is below our net asset value per share. Also, if our net asset value per share: (i) declines more than 10%
from the net asset value per share as of the effective date of this registration statement, (ii) increases to an amount that is greater than the net proceeds per share as stated in the prospectus, or (iii) declines below 97.5% of the net
proceeds per share as stated in the prospectus, to the extent permitted or required under the rules and regulations of the SEC, we will either supplement the prospectus or file an amendment to the registration statement with the SEC to change our
offering price or will voluntarily suspend selling shares in the offering. Additionally, our board of trustees may change the offering price at any time to ensure that our net asset value per share is equal to or less than the public offering price,
net of upfront sales load and equal to or greater than 97.5% of the net proceeds per share when we sell shares of common stock. Therefore, the net proceeds per share, net of all upfront sales load, from a new investor may be in excess of the then
current net asset value per share.       Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
None        Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities          None   
    Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures          Not applicable   
    Item 5.  Other Information          None   
    Item 6.  Exhibits    
 The exhibits required by this item are set forth in the Exhibit Index attached hereto and are filed or incorporated as part of this report.
 
      39  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 11th day of November 2016.       

CORPORATE CAPITAL TRUST II  

By: 
   
 /s/    Thomas K. Sittema          

THOMAS K. SITTEMA   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By: 
   
 /s/    Steven D. Shackelford          

STEVEN D. SHACKELFORD   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

40  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   
 The following exhibits are filed or incorporated as part of this report      

10.1 
    
 Second Amendment to the Expense Support Agreement dated as of September 26, 2016 ( Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2016. )  

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Corporate Capital Trust II, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  (Filed herewith.)   

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Corporate Capital Trust II, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  (Filed herewith.)   

32.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Corporate Capital Trust II, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  (Filed
herewith.)   
 
      41  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d477745dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Thomas K. Sittema, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Corporate Capital Trust II (the  Registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:        

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 11, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Thomas K. Sittema  

Thomas K. Sittema   Chief Executive
Officer   (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d477745dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Steven D. Shackelford, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Corporate Capital Trust II (the  Registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:        

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 11, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Steven D. Shackelford  

Steven D. Shackelford   Chief Financial
Officer   (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d477745dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

EXHIBIT 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certifies
that to the best of his knowledge (1) this Quarterly Report of Corporate Capital Trust II (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (this  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (2) the information contained in this Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and its results of operations for the period ended September 30, 2016.  

Date: November 11, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Thomas K. Sittema  

Thomas K. Sittema   Chief Executive
Officer   (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 11, 2016  

By: 
   
 /s/ Steven D. Shackelford  

Steven D. Shackelford   Chief Financial
Officer   (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

