<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161209_10-Q_edgar_data_1528930_0001528930-16-000059_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6912842</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82366</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>353973</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2427400</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2977492</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>922395</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001528930-16-000059.hdr.sgml : 20161209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161209163043
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001528930-16-000059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Liberty Tax, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001528930
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		IRS NUMBER:				273561876
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35588
		FILM NUMBER:		162044401

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1716 CORPORATE LANDING PARKWAY
		CITY:			VIRGINIA BEACH
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23454
		BUSINESS PHONE:		757-493-8855

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1716 CORPORATE LANDING PARKWAY
		CITY:			VIRGINIA BEACH
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23454

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JTH Holding, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001528930-16-000059.txt : 20161209

10-Q
 1
 tax-1031201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
     
  FORM 10-Q 
    
               Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   October 31, 2016    
    
  OR 
    
  o               Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
    
  For the transition period from             to              
    
  Commission File Number 001-35588 
    
  Liberty Tax, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

1716 Corporate Landing Parkway 
  Virginia Beach, Virginia 23454 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
     (757) 493-8855 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes       No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes       No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
    
                   Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer   x 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o    No     
    
  The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Class A common stock as of   November 30, 2016   was   12,710,831   shares. 
    
  The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's Class B common stock as of   November 30, 2016   was 200,000 shares. 

LIBERTY TAX, INC. 
    
  Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended   October 31, 2016    
    
  Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  
   1 

LIBERTY TAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     October 31, 2016  ,   April 30, 2016   and   October 31, 2015 
  (In thousands, except share data)   

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

LIBERTY TAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  Three and Six Months Ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   (unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except share count and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

LIBERTY TAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
  Three and Six Months Ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   (unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

LIBERTY TAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  Six Months Ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   (unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

LIBERTY TAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  Six Months Ended July 31, 2016 and   2015   (unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

LIBERTY TAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
  October 31, 2016   and   2015   (Unaudited) 

(1) Organization and Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Description of Business 
    
  Liberty Tax, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, is a holding company engaged through its subsidiaries as a franchisor and, to a lesser degree, an operator of a system of income tax preparation offices located in the United States and Canada. The Company's principal operations are conducted through JTH Tax, Inc. (d/b/a Liberty Tax Service), the Company's largest subsidiary. Through this system of income tax preparation offices, the Company also facilitates refund-based tax settlement financial products, such as refund transfer products and personal income tax refund discounting in Canada. The Company also offers online tax preparation services. All of the offices are operated under the Liberty Tax Service and SiempreTax+ brands. 
    
  The Company provides a substantial amount of lending to its franchisees and ADs. The Company allows franchisees and ADs to defer a portion of the franchise fee and AD fee, which are paid over time. The Company also offers its franchisees working capital loans to fund their operations between tax seasons. 
    
  The Company s operating revenues are seasonal in nature, with peak revenues occurring in the months of January through April.  Therefore, results for interim periods are not indicative of results to be expected for the full year. 
    
  Unless the context requires otherwise, the terms "Liberty Tax," "Liberty Tax Service," "we," "the Company," "us," and "our" refer to Liberty Tax, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.  

Basis of Presentation 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Liberty Tax, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Assets and liabilities of the Company's Canadian operations have been translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate in effect at the end of the period. Revenues and expenses have been translated using the average exchange rates in effect each month of the period. Foreign exchange transaction gains and losses are recognized when incurred. The Company consolidates any entities in which it has a controlling interest, the usual condition of which is ownership of a majority voting interest. The Company also considers for consolidation an entity in which the Company has certain interests where a controlling financial interest may be achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests. Such an entity, known as a variable interest entity ("VIE"), is required to be consolidated by its primary beneficiary. The Company does not possess any ownership interests in franchisee entities; however, the Company may provide financial support to franchisee entities. Because the Company's franchise arrangements provide franchisee entities the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance, the Company does not consider itself the primary beneficiary of any such entity that might be a VIE. Based on the results of management's analysis of potential VIEs, the Company has not consolidated any franchisee entities. The Company's maximum exposure to loss resulting from involvement with potential VIEs is attributable to accounts and notes receivables and future lease payments due from franchisees. When the Company does not have a controlling interest in an entity but exerts significant influence over the entity, the Company applies the equity method of accounting. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") for interim financial information.  The condensed consolidated financial statements, including these notes, are unaudited and exclude some of the disclosures required only in annual financial statements.  Consolidated balance sheet data as of   April 30, 2016   was derived from the Company s   April 30, 2016   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 29, 2016.   
    
  In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of such financial statements in accordance with GAAP have been recorded.  These adjustments consisted only of normal recurring items.  The accompanying consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s financial statements and notes thereto included in its   April 30, 2016   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 29, 2016. 

7 

Office Count 
    
  As a seasonal business, the Company works throughout the off season to open new offices, and at the same time, some of our franchisees will choose not to reopen for the next season. Some of these decisions are not made until January each year, and the Company will report office count information for the quarter ended January 31, 2017, once all offices have been opened. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  Management has made a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period, to prepare these condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with GAAP.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Accounting Pronouncements 
  On May 1, 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt premiums and discounts, and ASU 2015-15, Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements, which further clarifies the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. ASU 2015-03 and 2015-15 applies retrospectively and does not change the recognition and measurement requirements for debt issuance costs. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 and 2015-15 resulted in the reclassification of   $0.1 million  ,   $0.1 million   and   $0.1 million   of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Company's borrowings from other assets to long-term obligations within our consolidated balance sheet as of   October 31, 2016  ,   April 30, 2016   and   October 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  On May 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis, which effectively eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities ("VIE"s) or voting interest entities, and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs (particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships). The Company has completed its evaluation and has concluded there is no material impact from the adoption of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  On March 30, 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share Based Payment Accounting (Topic 718), to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance will be effective for the Company beginning with its first quarterly filing in fiscal year 2018. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period prior to fiscal 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this newly issued guidance to its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  On August 26, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), which clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. The update is intended to reduce the existing diversity in practice and is effective for the Company beginning with its first quarterly filing in fiscal year 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this newly issued guidance to its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Foreign Operations 
    
  Canadian operations contributed   $0.3 million   and   $0.3 million   in revenues for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and   $1.2 million   and   $1.3 million   in revenues for the   six months ended     October 31, 2016   and   2015  . 

(2) Accounts and Notes Receivable 
    
  The Company provides financing to ADs and franchisees for the purchase of franchises, areas, Company-owned offices, and operating loans for working capital and equipment needs. The franchise-related notes generally are payable over   five   years and the operating loans generally are due within   one   year. Most notes bear interest at an annual rate of   12%  .  
    
  Most of the notes receivable are due from the Company's ADs and franchisees and are collateralized by the underlying AD or franchise and, when the AD or franchise is an entity, are guaranteed by the owners of the respective entity. The debtors' ability to repay the notes is dependent upon both the performance of the tax preparation industry as a whole and the individual franchise or AD areas. 
  Accounts and notes receivable include royalties billed that relate to territories operated by franchisees located in AD territories and a portion of those accounts and notes receivable are payable to the AD.  The Company has recorded amounts payable to ADs for their share of these receivables of   $9.2 million  ,   $25.0 million  , and   $8.1 million   at   October 31, 2016  ,   April 30, 2016   and   October 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  At   October 31, 2016  , the Company had unfunded lending commitments for working capital loans to franchisees and ADs of   $17.1 million   through the end of the current fiscal year. 
    
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
  The adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts is assessed on a quarterly basis and adjusted as deemed necessary. Management believes the recorded allowance is adequate based upon its consideration of the estimated fair value of the franchises and AD areas collateralizing the receivables. Any adverse change in the tax preparation industry or the individual franchise or AD areas could affect the Company's estimate of the allowance.   
  Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the   six months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015   was as follows:  

Management considers specific accounts and notes receivable to be impaired if the net amounts due exceed the fair value of the underlying franchise at the time of the annual valuation performed as of April 30 of each year, and estimates an allowance for doubtful accounts based on that excess. The Company performs its impairment analysis annually due to the seasonal nature of its operations. At the end of each fiscal quarter, the Company considers the activity during the period for accounts and notes receivable impaired at each prior fiscal year end and adjusts the allowance for doubtful accounts accordingly. While not specifically identifiable as of the balance sheet date, the Company's analysis of its past experience also indicates that a portion of other accounts and notes receivable may not be collectible. Net amounts due include contractually obligated accounts and notes receivable plus accrued interest, reduced by unrecognized revenue, the allowance for uncollected interest, amounts due ADs, and amounts owed to the franchisee by the Company. In establishing the fair value of the underlying franchise, management considers a variety of factors, including recent sales between franchisees, sales of Company-owned stores, net fees of open offices earned during the most recently completed tax season, and the number of unopened offices. 

8 

The allowance for doubtful accounts at   October 31, 2016  , April 30, 2016 and   October 31, 2015  , was allocated as follows: 

The Company s average investment in impaired notes receivable during the   six months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015   was   $11.3 million   and   $8.5 million  , respectively. 
    
  Analysis of Past Due Receivables 
  Accounts receivable are considered to be past due if unpaid   30   days after billing and notes receivable are considered past due if unpaid   90   days after the due date. If it is determined the likelihood of collecting substantially all of the note and accrued interest is not probable the notes are put on non-accrual status. Accounts receivables unpaid as of April 30 each year often remain unpaid until the following tax season due to the seasonal nature of the Company's operations and franchisees' cash flows. Non-accrual notes that are paid current and expected to remain current are moved back into accrual status during the next annual review. 
  The breakdown of accounts and notes receivable past due at   October 31, 2016   was as follows: 

9 

The Company s investment in notes receivable on non-accrual status was   $11.5 million  ,   $5.5 million   and   $10.5 million   at   October 31, 2016  , April 30,   2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , respectively.  Payments received on notes in non-accrual status are applied to interest income first until the note is current and then to the principal note balance.  

(3) Investments 
  During fiscal 2016, the Company purchased a corporate equity security for   $5.0 million  , which was classified as available-for-sale and reported in other non-current assets. The security was sold during the first half of fiscal 2017. A gain on the sale of   $50,000   was recognized and reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes and recorded as other income. The Company had no such investments at   October 31, 2015  .  

(4) Goodwill and Intangible Assets    
  Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the   six months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015   were as follows:  

Components of intangible assets were as follows as of   October 31, 2016  , April 30, 2016 and   October 31, 2015  : 

10 

During the   six months ended October 31, 2016  , the Company did not acquire any assets of U.S. or Canadian franchisees, or third parties that were not classified as assets held for sale. During the   six months ended October 31, 2015  , the Company acquired the assets of Canadian franchisees for   $10,000  , all of which were intangible assets consisting of customer lists and reacquired rights. 

(5) Assets Held For Sale 
  At the end of the second quarter of fiscal   2017   and   2016  , assets acquired from U.S. franchisees were classified as assets held for sale.  During the   six months ended October 31, 2016  , the Company acquired   $13.6 million   in assets from U.S. franchisees and third parties that were first accounted for as business combinations, with the value allocated to customer lists and reacquired rights of   $6.5 million   and goodwill of   $7.1 million   prior to being recorded as assets held for sale. The value of assets acquired includes   $0.8 million   of estimated contingent consideration that is included in long-term obligations as due to former ADs and franchisees. During the   six months ended October 31, 2015  , the Company acquired   $6.9 million   in assets from U.S. franchisees and third parties that were first accounted for as business combinations, with the value allocated to customer lists and reacquired rights of   $3.0 million   and goodwill of   $3.9 million   prior to being recorded as assets held for sale. The acquired businesses are operated as Company-owned offices until a buyer is located and a new franchise agreement is entered into. 
    
  Changes in the carrying amount of assets held for sale for the   six months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

11 

(6) Long-Term Obligations 
    
  The Company has a credit facility that consists of a   $21.2 million   term loan and a revolving credit facility that currently allows borrowing of up to   $203.8 million   with an accordion feature that permits the Company to request an increase in availability of up to an additional   $50.0 million  . Outstanding borrowings accrue interest, which is paid monthly at a rate of the one-month London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus a margin ranging from   1.50%   to   2.25%   depending on the Company s leverage ratio. On August 18, 2016, the Company amended its credit facility, to provide for a modification of certain loan covenants to increase the Company s leverage ratio during the third quarter of each fiscal year. The amendment makes available additional funds due to an expected delay in our cash flows from the Internal Revenue Service until at least February 15, 2017 for taxpayers who claim refundable credits. 
    
  At   October 31, 2016   and 2015, the average interest rate paid during the   six months ended October 31, 2016   and 2015 was   2.16%   and   1.81%  , respectively. The indebtedness is collateralized by substantially all the assets of the Company and both loans mature on April 30, 2019 (except as to the commitments of one lender that has a small balance under the revolving credit facility, which mature on September 30, 2017).   
    
  The credit facility contains certain financial covenants that the Company must meet, including leverage and fixed-charge coverage ratios as well as minimum net worth requirements. In addition, the Company must reduce the outstanding balance under its revolving loan to   zero   for a period of at least   45   consecutive days each fiscal year. The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants at   October 31, 2016  .  
  Long-term obligations at   October 31, 2016  ,   April 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   consisted of the following: 

As discussed in Note 1, the adoption of ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 resulted in the reclassification of   $0.1 million  ,   $0.1 million   and   $0.1 million   of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Company's borrowings from other assets to long-term obligations within our consolidated balance sheet for each period ended   October 31, 2016  ,   April 30, 2016   and   October 31, 2015  , respectively. 

(7) Income Taxes 
    
  The Company computes its provision for, or benefit from, income taxes by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to income or loss from recurring operations and adjusting for the effects of any discrete income tax items specific to the period. 

12 

(8) Stockholders  Equity 
    
  Stockholders' Equity Activity 
  During the   six months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , activity in stockholders  equity was as follows: 

During the six months ended October 31, 2016, the sole holder of the Company's Class B common stock converted   700,000   of those shares to the Company's Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis and for no additional consideration. 
    
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss at   October 31, 2016  , April 30, 2016 and   October 31, 2015   were as follows.  

Net Income (Loss) per Share 
    
  Net income (loss) per share of Class A and Class B common stock is computed using the two-class method. Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by allocating undistributed earnings to common stock and participating securities (exchangeable shares) and using the weighted-average number of common stock outstanding during the period.  Undistributed losses are not allocated to participating securities because they do not meet the required criteria for such allocation.  
    
  Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common stock and, if dilutive, the potential common stock outstanding during the period. Potential common stock consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of outstanding stock options and restricted stock units is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. Additionally, the computation of the diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A common stock assumes the conversion of Class B common stock and exchangeable shares, if dilutive, while the diluted net loss per share of Class B common stock does not assume conversion of those shares. 
    
  The rights, including liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock are identical, with the exception of the election of directors. As a result, the undistributed earnings for each year are allocated based  
  
   13 

on the contractual participation rights of the Class A and Class B common stock as if the earnings for the year had been distributed.  Participating securities have dividend rights that are identical to Class A and Class B common stock. 
  The computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for the three and   six months ended     October 31, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 

As a result of the net losses for the periods shown, diluted net loss per share excludes the impact of shares of potential common stock from the exercise of options to purchase   1,180,412   and   1,116,627   shares for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, because the effect would be anti-dilutive.  

As a result of the net losses for the periods shown, diluted net loss per share excludes the impact of shares of potential common stock from the exercise of options to purchase   1,191,785   and   1,124,558   shares for the   six months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, because the effect would be anti-dilutive.  

(9) Stock Compensation Plans 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  The Company has an equity and cash incentive plan, for the issuance of up to   2,500,000   shares of Class A common stock in which employees and outside directors are eligible to receive awards.  At   October 31, 2016  ,   1,453,361   shares of Class A common stock remain available for grant.  There were   172,048   options granted during the   six months ended October 31, 2016  . 
  Stock option activity during the   six months ended October 31, 2016   was as follows: 
  
   14 

Intrinsic value is defined as the market value of the stock less the cost to exercise.  There were no options exercised during the   six months ended October 31, 2016  .  The total intrinsic value of stock options outstanding at   October 31, 2016   was less than   $0.1 million  .  Stock options vest from   six months   to   five   years from the date of grant and expire from   four   to   five   years after the vesting date. 
  Nonvested stock options activity during the   six months ended     October 31, 2016   was as follows:  

At   October 31, 2016  , unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested stock options were   $1.7 million  . These costs are expected to be recognized through fiscal 2021. 
  The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at   October 31, 2016  : 

Restricted Stock Units 
    
  Restricted stock activity during the   six months ended     October 31, 2016   was as follows: 

15 

At   October 31, 2016  , unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock units were   $0.5 million  . These costs are expected to be recognized through fiscal 2019. 

(10) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurements on a recurring basis are classified according to a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value.  Valuation methodologies for the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1   Quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2   Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, and model-based valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in the market. 

Level 3   Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore, requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. 
       
  The Company measures or monitors certain of its assets and liabilities on a fair value basis.  Fair value is used on a recurring basis for those assets and liabilities for which fair value is the primary basis of accounting.  Other assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment.  The following tables present, at   October 31, 2016  ,   April 30, 2016   and    October 31, 2015  , for each of the fair value hierarchy levels, the assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis (in thousands): 

16 

The Company s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy on the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. There were no transfers into or out of level 1 or 2 requiring fair value measurements for each of the   six months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  The following methods and assumptions are used to estimate the fair value of our financial instruments. 
    
  Cash equivalents:    The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.  Cash equivalent financial instruments consist of money market accounts. 
    
  Available-for-sale securities:   Available-for-sale securities are carried at their aggregate fair value. Fair values for available-for-sale securities are based on published market prices. 
    
  Impaired accounts and notes receivable:    Accounts and notes receivable are considered to be impaired if the net amounts due exceed the fair value of the underlying franchise or if management considers it probable that all principal and interest will not be collected when contractually due. In establishing the estimated fair value of the underlying franchise, consideration is given to recent sales between franchisees, sales of Company-owned stores, the net fees of open offices, and the number of unopened offices.  
    
  Impaired goodwill, reacquired rights, and customer lists:    Goodwill, reacquired rights and customer lists associated with a Company-owned office are considered to be impaired if the net carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the underlying office. In establishing the fair value of the underlying office, consideration is given to the related net fees and marketplace transactions. 
    
  Assets held for sale:    Assets held for sale are recorded at the lower of the carrying value or the sales price, less costs to sell, which approximates fair value.  The sales price is calculated as a percentage of prior year net fees and marketplace transactions. 
  
   17 

Obligations due former ADs and franchisees:    Obligations due former ADs and franchisees related to estimated contingent consideration are carried at fair value. The fair value of these obligations was determined using a discounted cash flow model. 
    
  Impaired online software and acquired online customer lists:   The online software and acquired online customer lists are considered to be impaired if the net carrying amount of these assets exceeds the fair value of these assets. The fair value of these assets was determined using a discounted cash flow model.  
    
  Other Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Additionally, accounting standards require the disclosure of the estimated fair value of financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value.  For the financial instruments that the Company does not record at fair value, estimates of fair value are made at a point in time based on relevant market data and information about the financial instrument.  No readily available market exists for a significant portion of the Company's financial instruments.  Fair value estimates for these instruments are based on current economic conditions, interest rate risk characteristics, and other factors.  Many of these estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and cannot be determined with precision.  Therefore, the calculated fair value estimates in many instances cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, may not be realizable in a current sale of the instrument.  In addition, changes in assumptions could significantly affect these fair value estimates.  The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating fair value of these financial instruments. 
    
  Receivables other than notes, other current assets, accounts payable, and accrued expenses, and due to ADs:   The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. 
    
  Notes receivable:   The carrying amount approximates fair value because the interest rate charged by the Company on these notes approximates rates currently offered by local lending institutions for loans of similar terms to individuals/entities with comparable credit risk (Level 3). 
    
  Long-term obligations:   The carrying amount approximates fair value because the interest rate paid has a variable component (Level 2).  

(11) Related Party Transactions 
  The Company considers directors and their affiliated companies, as well as executive officers and members of their immediate families, to be related parties.  
  During fiscal 2015, the Company entered into a multi-year contract to purchase a license for the use of Canadian tax software at a price of   $0.7 million   from a company in which it has an investment accounted for under the equity method. One of the members of the Company's Board of Directors is affiliated with the company providing this service. This contract expired during the second quarter of fiscal 2017. At that same time, the Company entered into a new three year contract with the same company at a price of   $0.9 million  .  

(12) Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  In the ordinary course of operations, the Company may become a party to legal proceedings. Based upon information currently available, management believes that such legal proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. 
  The Company is also party to claims and lawsuits that are considered to be ordinary, routine litigation incidental to the business, including claims and lawsuits concerning the preparation of customers' income tax returns, the fees charged to customers for various products and services, relationships with franchisees, intellectual property disputes, employment matters, and contract disputes. Although the Company cannot provide assurance that it will ultimately prevail in each instance, it believes the amount, if any, it will be required to pay in the discharge of liabilities or settlements in these claims will not have a material adverse impact on its consolidated results of operations or financial position. 

18 

(13) Subsequent Events 

On November 10, 2016, the Board of Directors approved up to   $5 million   for an area developer repurchase auction program. The actual amount expended on the area developer repurchase auction program will reduce the amount authorized under the share repurchase program.   
    
  On December 6, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of   $0.16   per share payable on January 23, 2017 to holders of record of common stock and common stock equivalents on January 12, 2017.  

19 

ITEM 2 
   
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements concerning our business, operations, financial performance, and condition as well as our plans, objectives, and expectations for our business operations and financial performance and condition. Any statements contained herein that are not of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. You can identify these statements by words such as  aim,   anticipate,   assume,   believe,   could,   due,   estimate,   expect,   goal,   intend,   may,   objective,   plan,   predict,   potential,   positioned,   should,   target,   will,   would  and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, projections about our business and the industry in which we operate, and our management s beliefs and assumptions.  They are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. As a result, any or all of our forward-looking statements in this quarterly report may turn out to be inaccurate. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks described under  Item 1A Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   April 30, 2016   and risks described in all other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including: 

our inability to sustain growth at our historical pace; 

the seasonality of our business; 

the continued service of our senior management team and our ability to attract additional talent; 

our inability to secure reliable sources of the tax settlement products we make available to our customers;  

government regulation and oversight, including the regulation of our tax settlement products such as refund transfers and loan settlement products; 

government initiatives that simplify tax return preparation, improve the timing and efficiency of processing tax returns, limit payments to tax preparers or decrease the number of tax returns filed or the size of the refunds; 

government initiatives to pre-populate income tax returns; 

the effect of regulation of the products and services that we offer, including changes in laws and regulations; 

the possible characterization of refund transfers as a form of loan or extension of credit; 

changes in the tax settlement products offered to our customers that make our services less attractive to customers or more costly to us; 

our ability to maintain relationships with our tax settlement product service providers; 

any potential non-compliance, fraud or other misconduct by our franchisees or employees; 

our ability and the ability of our franchisees to comply with legal and regulatory requirements; 

failures by our franchisees and their employees to comply with their contractual obligations to us and with laws and regulations, to the extent these failures affect our reputation or subject us to legal risk; 

the ability of our franchisees to open new territories and operate them successfully; 

the ability of our franchisees to generate sufficient revenue to repay their indebtedness to us; 

our ability to manage Company-owned offices; 

our exposure to litigation; 
     
   20 

our ability and our franchisees  ability to protect customers  personal information, including from a cyber-security incident;  

the impact of identity-theft concerns on customer attitudes toward our services; 

our ability to access the credit markets and satisfy our covenants to lenders; 

challenges in deploying accurate tax software in a timely way each tax season; 

delays in the commencement of the tax season attributable to Congressional action affecting tax matters and the resulting inability of federal and state tax agencies to accept tax returns on a timely basis, or other changes that have the effect of delaying the tax refund cycle; 

competition in the tax preparation market; 

the effect of federal and state legislation that affects the demand for paid tax preparation, such as the Affordable Care Act and potential immigration reform; 

our reliance on technology systems, and electronic communications; 

our ability to effectively deploy software in a timely manner and with all the features our customers require; 

the impact of any acquisitions or dispositions, including our ability to integrate acquisitions and capitalize on their anticipated synergies; and 

other factors, including the risk factors discussed in our latest annual report filed with the SEC.  
       
  Potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this quarterly report. Unless required by law, we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or otherwise. A potential investor or other vendor should, however, review the factors and risks we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the SEC after the date of this quarterly report. 

Overview 
    
  We are one of the leading providers of tax preparation services in the United States and Canada, last year we operated 4,487 tax offices. As measured by the number of returns prepared, we believe we are the second largest retail preparer of individual tax returns in the both the United States and Canada. Our tax preparation services and related tax settlement products are offered primarily through franchised locations, although we operate a limited number of Company-owned offices each tax season. See Note 1 "Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in the notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, for detail of the U.S. office activity and the number of Canadian and Company-owned offices for the years ended April 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 
    
  Our revenue primarily consists of the following components: 

Franchise Fees:  Our standard franchise fee per territory ranges from $20,000 to $40,000 and we offer our franchisees flexible structures and financing options for franchise fees. Franchise fee revenue is recognized when our obligations to prepare the franchisee for operation are substantially complete and as cash is received. 
                
    Area Developer ("AD") Fees:  Our fees for AD areas vary based on our assessment of the revenue potential of each AD area and also depend on the performance of any existing franchisees within the AD area being sold.  Our ADs generally receive 50% of franchise fees, royalties, and a portion of the interest income derived from territories located in their area. AD fees received are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the initial contract term of each AD agreement, which has historically been ten years, with the cumulative amount of revenue recognized not to exceed the amount of cash received. We changed the term of new and renewal AD contracts to six years beginning in July 2014. 
     
   21 

Royalties:  Our franchise agreements require franchisees to pay us a base royalty typically equal to 14% of the franchisee's tax preparation revenue, subject to certain specified minimums. 
                
    Advertising Fees:  Our franchise agreements require all franchisees to pay us an advertising fee of 5% of the franchisee's tax preparation revenue, which we use primarily to fund collective advertising efforts. 
                
    Financial Products:  We offer two types of tax settlement financial products: refund transfer products, which involve providing a means by which a customer may receive his or her refund more quickly and conveniently, and refund-based loans. We earn fees from the arranging of the sale of these financial products.  
                
    Interest Income:  We earn interest income from our franchisees and ADs related to both indebtedness for the unpaid portions of their franchise fees and AD territory fees, and for other loans we extend to our franchisees related to the operation of their territories. For franchise fees and AD loans upon which the underlying revenue has not been recognized, we recognize the interest income only to the extent of actual payment. We also earn interest on our accounts receivable.  
                
    Tax Preparation Fees:  We earn tax preparation fees, net of discounts, directly from both the operation of Company-owned offices and providing tax preparation services through our online tax return products. 
       
  We operate Company-owned offices that are held for sale. If these offices remain unsold at the start of a tax season we will operate them for the tax season with the intent of selling them to qualified franchisees the next year and as a result the number of Company-owned offices will vary from year to year.  
    
  For purposes of this section and throughout this quarterly report, all references to  fiscal 2017  and  fiscal 2016  refer to our fiscal years ending April 30, 2017 and ended April 30, 2016, respectively, and corresponding references to fiscal quarters are references to quarters within those fiscal years. For purposes of this section and throughout this quarterly report, all references to  year  or  years  are the respective fiscal year or years ended April 30 unless otherwise noted in this quarterly report, and all references to  tax season  refer to the period between January 1 and April 30 of the referenced year. 

Results of Operations 
  The table below shows results of operations for the three and   six months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  . 

Revenue.    The table below sets forth the components and changes in our revenue for the three and   six months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  . 
  
   22 

For the   three months ended October 31, 2016  , total revenue decreased $0.6 million, or 8%, to $7.2 million compared to $7.9 million for the same period last year.  Other revenue decreased $0.6 million due to a reduction in the gain on the sale of Company-owned stores as well as a decline in commission and transfer fees.  In addition, franchise fees decreased $0.5 million due to lower new territory sales and Area Developer fees were down $0.4 million as a result of revenue from prior year sales that have now been fully recognized over the life of the original agreements. The decreases were partially offset by an increase in tax preparation fees, net of discounts of $0.5 million related to an increase in the number of Company-owned stores operated in fiscal 2017, as well as an increase in interest income of $0.3 million.   
    
  For the   six months ended October 31, 2016  , total revenue decreased $1.0 million, or 7%, to $14.4 million compared to $15.4 million in the comparable prior year period. The decrease was due primarily to a reduction in Area Developer fees of $1.0 million as a result of revenue from prior year sales that have now been fully recognized over the life of the original agreements; a decrease in other revenue of $1.0 million primarily due to a decrease in the gain on the sale of Company-owned stores as well as commissions and transfer fees.  In addition, franchise fees decreased $0.9 million due to lower new territory sales. The decreases were partially offset by an increase in tax preparation fees, net of discounts of $1.0 million related to an increase in the number of Company-owned stores operated in fiscal 2017, and an increase in interest income of $0.9 million. 

Operating expenses.      The table below details the amounts and changes in our operating expenses for the three and   six months ended     October 31, 2016   and   2015  . 

For the   three months ended October 31, 2016  , total operating expenses increased $0.1 million to $22.0 million compared to $21.9 million in the comparable prior year period. Increases in expenses related to employee compensation and benefits of $0.7 million and selling, general, and administrative of $0.5 million primarily related to an increase in the number Company-owned stores operated in fiscal 2017. These increases were largely offset by a decrease in advertising expense of $1.0 million as we reduced the cost incurred to attract new franchisees. 

23 

For the   six months ended October 31, 2016  , total operating expenses increased of $1.0 million, or 2%, to $44.3 million compared to $43.3 million in the prior year.  Employee compensation and benefits increased $1.8 million due to an increase in executive severance of $0.5 million as well as an increase related to the number of Company-owned stores operated in fiscal 2017.  Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased primarily as a result of expenses related to operating additional Company-owned stores in addition to Compliance Task Force and related costs.  The increases were partially offset by a decrease in advertising expense of $1.7 million due to a reduction in consumer advertising spend and the cost incurred to attract new franchisees.  

Income tax benefit.      We recorded income tax benefits with effective rates of   39.8%   and   39.5%   during the three and six months ended   October 31, 2016  , respectively, and   37.6%   and   38.9%   during the three and six months ended   October 31, 2015  , respectively. Due to the seasonal nature of our business, we expect any losses that we incur through the first eight months of each fiscal year will be more than offset by the results of the last four months of the fiscal year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Overview of factors affecting our liquidity 
    
  Seasonality of cash flow.   Our tax return preparation business is seasonal, and most of our revenues and cash flow are generated during the period from late January through April 30. Following each tax season, from May 1 through late January of the following year, we rely on the use of our credit facility, excess operating cash flow from the previous tax season, and from cash payments made by franchisees and ADs who purchase new territories and development areas prior to the next tax season to fund our operating expenses and those of our franchisees, as well as invest in the future growth of our business. Our business has historically generated a strong annual operating cash flow.  
    
  Credit facility.   Our credit facility consists of a term loan and a revolving credit facility that currently allows borrowing of up to $203.8 million with an accordion feature that permits the Company to request an increase in availability of up to an additional $50.0 million.  On August 18, 2016, we amended our credit facility to provide for a modification of one of our financial covenants thereby increasing our leverage ratio from 4.5:1 to 5.5:1 as of the end of the third quarter of each fiscal year.  The amendment makes available additional funds due to an expected delay in our cash flows from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") until at least February 15, 2017 for taxpayers who claim refundable credits.  
    
   Under our credit facility, we are subject to a number of covenants that could potentially restrict how we carry out our business or that require us to meet certain periodic tests in the form of financial covenants. The restrictions we consider to be material to our ongoing business include the following: 

We must satisfy a  leverage ratio  test that is based on our outstanding indebtedness at the end of each fiscal quarter, 

We must satisfy a  fixed charge coverage ratio  test at the end of each fiscal quarter, 

We must reduce the outstanding balance under our revolving loan to zero for a period of at least 45 consecutive days each fiscal year, and 

We must maintain a minimum net worth requirement, measured at April 30 of each year. 
       
  In addition, were we to experience certain types of changes in control affecting Mr. Hewitt's continuing control of us, or certain changes to the composition of our Board of Directors, we might become subject to an event of default under our credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of our obligations under that facility. 
    
  Our credit facility also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on indebtedness, limitations on liens and negative pledges, limitations on investments, loans and acquisitions, limitations on mergers, consolidations, liquidations and dissolutions, limitations on sales of assets, limitations on certain restricted payments and limitations on transactions with affiliates, among others. 
    
  We were in compliance with our financial covenants as of   October 31, 2016  .  
    
  Franchisee lending and potential exposure to credit loss.    At   October 31, 2016  , our total balance of loans to franchisees and ADs for working capital and equipment loans, representing cash amounts we had advanced to the franchisees and ADs, was $33.9 million. In addition, at that date, our franchisees and ADs together owed us $78.4 million, net of unrecognized revenue of $34.4 million, for amounts representing the unpaid purchase price for franchise territories or areas  
  
   24 

comprising clusters of territories and other amounts owed to us for royalties and other amounts for which our franchisees and ADs had outstanding payment obligations. 
    
  Our actual exposure to potential credit loss associated with franchisee loans is less than the aggregate amount of those loans because a significant portion of those loans are to franchisees located within AD areas, where our AD is ultimately entitled to a substantial portion of the franchise fee and royalty revenues represented by some of these loans. For this reason, the amount of indebtedness of franchisees to us is effectively offset in part by our related payable obligation to ADs in respect of franchise fees and royalties. As of   October 31, 2016  , the total indebtedness of franchisees to us where the franchisee is located in an AD area was $72.1 million, of which $  9.2 million   of that indebtedness represents amounts ultimately payable to ADs as their share of franchise fees and royalties once cash is received. 
    
  Our franchisees make electronic return filings for their customers utilizing our software. Our franchise agreements allow us to obtain repayment of amounts due to us from our franchisees through an electronic fee intercept program before our franchisees receive the net proceeds from tax preparation and other fees they have charged to their customers on tax returns associated with tax settlement products. Therefore, we are able to minimize the nonpayment risk associated with amounts outstanding from franchisees by obtaining direct electronic payment in the ordinary course throughout the tax season. Our credit risk associated with amounts outstanding to ADs is also mitigated by our electronic fee intercept program, which enables us to retain repayments of amounts that would otherwise flow through to ADs as their share of franchise fee and royalty payments, to the extent of an AD's indebtedness to us. 
    
   The unpaid amounts owed to us from our ADs and franchisees are collateralized by the underlying franchise or area and, when the franchise or area owner is an entity, are generally guaranteed by the related owners of the respective entity. Accordingly, to the extent a franchisee or AD does not satisfy its payment obligations to us, we may repossess the underlying franchise or area in order to resell it in the future. At   October 31, 2016  , we had an investment in impaired accounts and notes receivable and related interest receivable of approximately   $14.9 million  . We consider accounts and notes receivable to be impaired if the amounts due exceed the fair value of the underlying franchise and estimate an allowance for doubtful accounts based on that excess. Amounts due include the recorded value of the accounts and notes receivable reduced by the allowance for uncollected interest, amounts due to ADs for their portion of franchisee receivables, any related unrecognized revenue and amounts owed to the franchisee or AD by us. In establishing the fair value of the underlying franchise, we consider net fees of open territories and the number of unopened territories. At   October 31, 2016  , we have recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts for impaired accounts and notes receivable of   $6.3 million  . There were no significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual franchisee or AD as of   October 31, 2016  .  We believe our allowance for doubtful accounts as of   October 31, 2016   is adequate for our existing loss exposure. We closely monitor the performance of our franchisees and ADs and will adjust our allowances as appropriate if we determine the existing allowances are inadequate to cover estimated losses. 
    
  Dividends  .   Until our dividend paid in April 2015, we had never declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock. Although we have announced a $0.16 per share quarterly cash dividend and may continue to pay cash dividends in the future, the payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend, among other things, on our earnings, capital requirements, and financial condition. Our ability to pay dividends will also be subject to compliance with financial covenants that are contained in our credit facility and may be restricted by any future indebtedness that we incur or issuances of preferred stock. In addition, applicable law requires our Board of Directors to determine that we have adequate surplus prior to the declaration of dividends. We cannot provide an assurance that we will continue to pay dividends at any specific level or at all. 
    
  Sources and uses of cash 
    
  Operating activities.      In the first six months of fiscal   2017  , we used   $1.7 million   more cash in our operating activities compared to the same period in fiscal   2016  . This increase is primarily due to an increase in income taxes paid of $2.6 million. 
    
  Investing activities.      In the first six months of fiscal   2017  , we utilized   $4.4 million   less in cash for investing activities compared to the same period in fiscal   2016  .  This decrease is primarily due to a   $5.0 million   increase in cash provided by the sale of available-for-sale securities. In addition, operating loans, net of repayments, decreased   $2.5 million   and were offset by an increase of $5.9 million in net purchases of Area Developer rights and Company-owned stores.  
    
  Financing activities.      In the first six months of fiscal   2017  , cash from financing activities increased   $8.5 million   compared to the same period in fiscal   2016  , largely due to a   $9.3 million   increase in our net borrowings under our revolving facility, partially offset by   $2.9 million   increase in repayment of long-term debt.  

25 

Future cash needs and capital requirements 
    
  Operating cash flow needs.      We believe our credit facility entered into on April 30, 2012 and subsequently amended, will be sufficient to support our cash flow needs for the foreseeable future.  At   October 31, 2016  , using the leverage ratio applicable under our loan covenants at the end of the quarter, our maximum unused borrowing capacity was   $46.0 million  . 
    
  Our credit facility also contains a requirement that we reduce the balance of our revolving loan to zero for a period of at least 45 consecutive days each fiscal year; however, because our term loan will remain outstanding during that 45 day period, and given our historic cash flow experience at the end of and beginning of each fiscal year, we do not anticipate that the unavailability of our revolving loan during that 45 day period each fiscal year will adversely affect our cash flow. As of June 14,   2016  , we had maintained a zero balance on our revolver for the required 45 days and thus have already met the requirement for fiscal   2017  . 
    
  Several factors could affect our cash flow in future periods, including the following: 

the delay by the IRS until at least February 15, 2017 to issue refunds to taxpayers who claim the Earned Income Tax Credit or the Child Tax Credit;  

the extent to which we extend operating financing to our franchisees and ADs and the extent that our franchisees and ADs repay their notes to us; 

the extent and timing of capital expenditures; 

the cash flow effect of stock option exercises and the extent to which we engage in stock repurchases; 

our ability to generate fee and other income related to tax settlement products in light of regulatory pressures on us and our business partners; 

the extent to which we repurchase AD areas, which will involve the use of cash in the short-term, but improve cash receipts in future periods from what would have been the AD's share of royalties and franchise fees;  

the extent to which we repurchase certain assets from franchisees and third parties and our ability to operate these assets profitably; and 

the extent, if any, to which our Board of Directors elects to continue to declare cash dividends on our common stock. 
       
  Effect of our credit facility covenants on our future performance.      Our credit facility, which matures on April 30, 2019, imposes several restrictive covenants, including a covenant that requires us to maintain a leverage ratio of not more than 5.5:1 at the end of each fiscal quarter ending January 31 and a leverage ratio of not more than 3.0:1 at the end of each other fiscal quarter. The higher permitted leverage ratio at the end of the January 31 quarter reflects the fact that as of that date, we have typically extended significant credit to our franchisees for working capital and other needs that is not reflected in repayments received from our franchisees until the period beginning in February each year.  At   October 31, 2016  , our leverage ratio was   2.0:1  .  
    
  We continue to be obligated under our credit facility to satisfy a fixed charge coverage ratio test, which requires that ratio to be not less than 1.50:1 at the end of every fiscal quarter. At   October 31, 2016  , our fixed charge coverage ratio was   4.0:1  . 
    
  We were in compliance with the ratio tests described in this section as of   October 31, 2016  .  We expect to be able to manage our cash flow and our operating activities in such a manner that we will continue to be able to satisfy our obligations under the credit facility for the remainder of the term of that facility.  
    
  As noted above, although we are subject under our credit facility to a requirement that we reduce the balance of our revolving loan to zero for a period of at least 45 consecutive days each fiscal year, we do not believe that requirement will affect our cash flow or future performance. 
    
  Non-GAAP Financial Information.   We report our financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ("GAAP"); however, we believe that earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment ("EBITDA") and non-GAAP results should be evaluated, in addition to, and not as an alternative for, net income (loss), as determined in accordance with GAAP.  We consider our non-GAAP financial results to be a useful metric for  
  
   26 

management and investors to evaluate and compare current year results with prior periods.  Because not all companies use the same calculations, our definition of EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled figures from other companies.  In addition, when evaluating non-GAAP results, we exclude certain items that are not considered to be part of future operating results.  Descriptions of the items which are excluded are as follows: 

Executive severance, including stock-based compensation:  We exclude from our non-GAAP results cash and non-cash stock-based compensation and perquisites associated with the separation of employment with executives. 

Compliance Task Force and related costs:  We exclude from our non-GAAP results third-party expenses we incur related to our Compliance Task Force, which we established in fiscal 2016 to examine and present non-compliance, fraud and other misconduct amount our franchisees and employees.  These expenses include professional and legal fees. 

Gain on available-for-sale securities:  We exclude from our non-GAAP results gains we record when we sell equity securities. 
       
  The following is a reconciliation of EBITDA to GAAP Net Loss: 

The following is a reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. Amounts may not add or recalculate due to rounding.  

27 

(1)    The net loss impact of the adjustments is calculated using the effective tax rate for the period. 

28 

(1)    The net loss impact of the adjustments is calculated using the effective tax rate for the period. 

Seasonality of Operations 
    
  Given the seasonal nature of the tax return preparation business, we have historically generated and expect to continue to generate most of our revenues during the period from January 1 through April 30 of each year. For example, in fiscal   2016   we earned 31% of our revenues during our fiscal third quarter ended January 31 and 91% of our revenues during the combined fiscal third and fourth quarters of   2016  . We historically operate at a loss through the first eight months of each fiscal year, during which we incur costs associated with preparing for the upcoming tax season. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  
    
  We enter into forward contracts to eliminate exposure related to foreign currency fluctuations in connection with the short-term advances we make to our Canadian subsidiary in order to fund personal income tax refund discounting for our Canadian operations. At   October 31, 2016  , there were no forward contracts outstanding, but we expect to enter into forward contracts in the future during the Canadian tax season. 
  
   29 

ITEM 3 
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  There have been no material changes in our market risks from those reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016. 

ITEM 4 
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
         We, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as of   October 31, 2016  .  Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of   October 31, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported by our management on a timely basis in order to comply with our disclosure obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  During our most recent fiscal quarter ended   October 31, 2016  , there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   30 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  In the ordinary course of operations, we may become a party to legal proceedings. Based upon information currently available, management believes that such legal proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. 
  We are also party to claims and lawsuits that are considered to be ordinary, routine litigation incidental to the business, including claims and lawsuits concerning the preparation of customers' income tax returns, the fees charged to customers for various products and services, relationships with franchisees, intellectual property disputes, employment matters, and contract disputes. Although we cannot provide assurance that we will ultimately prevail in each instance, we believe the amount, if any, we will be required to pay in the discharge of liabilities or settlements in these claims will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. 

ITEM 1A 
  RISK FACTORS 
    
  There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those previously disclosed in Part I. Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   April 30, 2016  . 

ITEM 2 
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  There were no issuances of unregistered securities during the three months ended   October 31, 2016  . 
    
  SHARE REPURCHASES 
    
  Our Board of Directors has authorized up to $10 million for share repurchases. This authorization has no specific expiration date and cash proceeds from stock option exercises increase the amount of the authorization. The amount expended by the area developer repurchase auction program will reduce the amount of the authorization. Shares repurchased from option exercises and RSUs vesting that are net-share settled by us and shares repurchased in privately negotiated transactions are not considered share repurchases under this authorization.  
    
  During the   three months ended October 31, 2016  , we repurchased shares of Class A common stock as follows: 

(1)    Share repurchases related to the net-share settlements of RSUs vesting.  
  
   31 

ITEM 6 
  EXHIBITS 
    
  We have filed the following exhibits as part of this report: 

(1) This exhibit is furnished and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Liberty Tax, Inc. 
  (Registrant) 

December 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ John T. Hewitt 

John T. Hewitt 
  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

December 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Kathleen E. Donovan 

Kathleen E. Donovan 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

33 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

(1) This exhibit is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tax-10312016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  I, John T. Hewitt, certify that: 
    
  1.                       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LIBERTY TAX, INC.; 
    
  2.                       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a)                  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)                  Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)                   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)                  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a)                  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)                  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   December 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ John T. Hewitt 

John T. Hewitt 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tax-10312016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  I, Kathleen E. Donovan, certify that: 
    
  1.                              I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LIBERTY TAX, INC.; 
    
  2.                              Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                              Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                              The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a)                           Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)                           Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)                            Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)                           Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                                The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a)                           All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)                           Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   December 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Kathleen E. Donovan 

Kathleen E. Donovan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tax-10312016ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Liberty Tax, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended   October 31, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John T. Hewitt, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   December 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ John T. Hewitt 

John T. Hewitt 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tax-10312016ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Liberty Tax, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended   October 31, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Kathleen E. Donovan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   December 9, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Kathleen E. Donovan 

Kathleen E. Donovan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tax-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tax-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tax-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tax-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tax-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tax-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

