<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1034842_0001558370-16-008977_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5455333</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>402360</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>178127</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2074110</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1566397</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>752365</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-008977.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101162131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-008977
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001034842
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				943248524
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29889
		FILM NUMBER:		161965023

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 VETERANS BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 VETERANS BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-008977.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 rigl-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

rigl_Current_Folio_10Q

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

OR 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM        TO         

Commission File Number 0-29889 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  

94-3248524  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

organization)  

(650) 624-1100 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer    

Smaller reporting company    

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    No   

As of October 26, 2016, there were 98,937,197 shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding  . 

Table of Contents   

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, IN  C. 

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

INDEX 

2 

Table of Contents   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATIO  N 

Item 1.  Financial Statements   

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET  S 

(In thousands) 

See Accompanying Notes. 

3 

Table of Contents   

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION  S 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

(unaudited) 

See Accompanying Notes. 

4 

Table of Contents   

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOS  S 

(In thousands) 

(unaudited) 

See Accompanying Notes. 

5 

Table of Contents   

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW  S 

(In thousands) 

(unaudited) 

See Accompanying Notes. 

6 

Table of Contents   

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, In  c. 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

(unaudited) 

In this report,  Rigel,   we,   us  and  our  refer to Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

1.      Nature of Operations 

We were incorporated in the state of Delaware on June 14, 1996. We are engaged in the discovery and development of novel, targeted drug candidates in the therapeutic areas of immunology, oncology and immuno-oncology.  

2.      Basis of Presentation 

Our accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP), for interim financial information and pursuant to the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. These unaudited condensed financial statements include only normal and recurring adjustments that we believe are necessary to fairly state our financial position and the results of our operations and cash flows. Interim-period results are not necessarily indicative of results of operations or cash flows for a full-year or any subsequent interim period. The balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from audited financial statements at that date, but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. Because all of the disclosures required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements are not included herein, these interim unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes accompanying them should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

3.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) No. 2014-15   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,   under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Subtopic 205-40  , Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern  . ASU No. 2014-15 provides guidance about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued (or at the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). ASU No. 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. We plan to adopt this new standard in our annual financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2016. We will continue to evaluate the guidance under ASU No. 2014-15 and present the required disclosures within our financial statements at the time of adoption. The actual impact will be dependent upon our liquidity and the nature or significance of future events or conditions that exist upon the adoption of this new standard.   

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements under ASC Topic 605,   Revenue Recognition  , and most industry-specific guidance under the ASC. The core principle of ASU No. 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be   

7 

Table of Contents   

entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU No. 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing U.S. GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU No. 2014-09 also requires additional disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. ASU No. 2014-09 allows for either full retrospective or modified retrospective adoption, and we have not yet determined which approach we will apply. In July 2015, the FASB deferred by one year the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 with the new effective date beginning after December 15, 2017, and the interim periods within that year and will allow early adoption for all entities as of the original effective date for public business entities, which was annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We plan to adopt this new standard on January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective approach. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 on our financial statements and cannot estimate the impact of adoption at this time.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02   Leases  , which is aimed at making leasing activities more transparent, and requires substantially all leases be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. The guidance is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We plan to adopt this new standard on January 1, 2019.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 on our financial statements and cannot estimate the impact of adoption at this time. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including the income tax consequences, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows.  The guidance will be effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that year. We plan to adopt this new standard on January 1, 2017 and do not expect a material impact on our financial statements.  

4. Stock Award Plans 

We have three stock option plans, our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (2011 Plan), 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (2000 Plan) and 2000 Non-Employee Directors  Stock Option Plan (Directors  Plan), that provide for granting to our officers, directors and all other employees and consultants options to purchase shares of our common stock. We also have our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Purchase Plan), wherein eligible employees can purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share equal to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value on the first day of the offering period or 85% of the fair market value on the purchase date. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model which considered our stock price, as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate and dividends. We estimate volatility over the expected term of the option using historical share price performance. For expected term, we take into consideration our historical data of options exercised, cancelled and expired. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity rate. We have not paid and do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. In order to calculate stock-based compensation expense, we also estimate the forfeiture rate using our historical experience with options that cancel before they vest. We review our forfeiture rates each quarter and make any necessary changes to our estimates. We use the straight-line attribution method over the requisite employee service period for the entire award in recognizing stock-based compensation expense.  

We granted performance-based stock options to purchase shares of our common stock which will vest upon the achievement of certain corporate performance-based milestones. We determined the fair values of these performance-based stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model at the date of grant. For the portion of the performance-based stock options of which the performance condition is considered probable of achievement, we recognize stock-based compensation expense on the related estimated fair value of such options on a straight-line basis from the date of grant up to the date when we expect the performance condition will be achieved. For the performance   

8 

Table of Contents   

conditions that are not considered probable of achievement at the grant date or upon quarterly re-evaluation, prior to the event actually occurring, we recognize the related stock-based compensation expense when the event occurs or when we can determine that the performance condition is probable of achievement.  In those cases, we recognize the change in estimate at the time we determine the condition is probable of achievement (by recognizing stock-based compensation expense as cumulative catch-up adjustment as if we had estimated at the grant date that the performance condition would have been achieved) and recognize the remaining compensation cost up to the date when we expect the performance condition will be achieved, if any. 

5.      Net Loss Per Share 

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period and the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include a warrant to purchase our common shares and stock options and shares issuable under our stock award plans. The dilutive effect of these potentially dilutive securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, an increase in the fair market value of our common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially dilutive securities. 

We had securities which could potentially dilute basic loss per share, but were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share, as their effect would have been antidilutive. These securities consist of the following (in thousands): 

6.  Stock-based Compensation 

Total stock-based compensation expense related to all of our share-based payments that we recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in thousands): 

During the second quarter of 2016, we entered into severance agreements with certain employees. As part of the severance arrangements, we extended the date through which such former employees had the right to exercise their vested options.  In addition, we also accelerated the vesting of certain unvested stock options granted to a former employee.  As a result of these modifications, we recorded incremental stock-based compensation expense of $641,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The incremental compensation expense was computed based on the fair values of the modified awards on the respective modification dates.  This amount is included as part of  Research and development expense  in the accompanying Condensed Statements of Operations. 

In September 2016, we entered into a severance agreement with a former executive (see Note 13). As part of the severance arrangement we offered, we extended the date through which such former executive had the right to exercise   

9 

Table of Contents   

his vested options. In addition, we also accelerated the vesting of certain of his unvested stock options. As a result of these modifications, we recorded incremental stock-based compensation expense of approximately $499,000 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  This amount is included as part of  Restructuring charges  in the accompanying Condensed Statement of Operations. 

The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We have segregated option   awards   into the following three homogenous groups for the purposes of determining fair values of options: officers and directors, all other employees, and consultants. 

We determined weighted-average valuation assumptions separately for each of these groups as follows: 

Volatility We estimated volatility using our historical share price performance over the expected life of the option. We also considered other factors, such as implied volatility, our current clinical trials and other company activities that may affect the volatility of our stock in the future. We determined that at this time historical volatility is more indicative of our expected future stock performance than implied volatility.     

Expected term For options granted to consultants, we use the contractual term of the option, which is generally ten years, for the initial valuation of the option and the remaining contractual term of the option for the succeeding periods. We analyzed various historical data to determine the applicable expected term for each of the other option groups. This data included: (1) for exercised options, the term of the options from option grant date to exercise date; (2) for cancelled options, the term of the options from option grant date to cancellation date, excluding non-vested option forfeitures; and (3) for options that remained outstanding at the balance sheet date, the term of the options from option grant date to the end of the reporting period and the estimated remaining term of the options. The consideration and calculation of the above data gave us reasonable estimates of the expected term for each employee group. We also considered the vesting schedules of the options granted and factors surrounding exercise behavior of the option groups, our current market price and company activity that may affect our market price. In addition, we considered the optionee type (i.e., officers and directors or all other employees) and other factors that may affect the expected term of the option.     

Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury constant maturity rates with similar terms to the expected term of the options for each option group.     

Dividend yield The expected dividend yield is 0% as we have not paid and do not expect to pay dividends in the future.     

Pursuant to FASB ASC 718, we are required to estimate the amount of expected forfeitures when calculating compensation costs. We estimated the forfeiture rate using our historical experience with non-vested options. We adjust our stock-based compensation expense as actual forfeitures occur, review our estimated forfeiture rates each quarter and make changes to our estimate as appropriate. 

The following table summarizes the weighted-average assumptions relating to options granted pursuant to our equity incentive plans, including the performance-based stock option awards which will vest upon the achievement of a corporate performance-based milestone, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

10 

Table of Contents   

The exercise price of stock options is at the market price of our common stock on the date immediately preceding the date of grant. Options become exercisable at varying dates and generally expire 10 years from the date of grant.  

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we did not issue any stock options. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we granted options to purchase 3,833,435 shares of common stock, with a grant-date weighted-average fair value of $1.59 per share. Of the 3,833,435 common stock options granted, 700,000 shares were related to outstanding performance-based stock option awards and has a grant date fair value of $1.1 million. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, we have 200,000 shares of outstanding performance-based stock option awards granted in 2014 with a grant date fair value of $520,000.  These performance-based stock option awards will vest upon the achievement of a corporate performance-based milestone. We did not consider the achievement of the corporate-based milestone as probable as of September 30, 2016. Accordingly, no stock-based compensation cost was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 for these performance-based stock option awards. 

We granted options to purchase 3,811,920 shares of common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, with a grant-date weighted-average fair value of $1.40 per share. Of the 3,811,920 common stock options granted, 1,175,000 shares were related to performance-based stock option awards which vested upon the achievement of a corporate performance-based milestone in the first quarter of 2016.  

As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $5.0 million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to all unvested options granted under our equity incentive plans. Of this amount, approximately $1.6 million of unrecognized stock compensation expense relate to the performance-based stock option awards, of which the underlying corporate performance-based milestone was not probable of achievement as of September 30, 2016.  

At September 30, 2016, there were 5,460,280 shares of common stock available for future grant under our equity incentive plans and 145,493 options to purchase shares were exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Purchase Plan) permits eligible employees to purchase common stock at a discount through payroll deductions during defined offering periods. The price at which the stock is purchased is equal to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value of the common stock on the first day of the offering or 85% of the fair market value of our common stock on the purchase date. The initial offering period commenced on the effective date of our initial public offering.  

The fair value of awards granted under our Purchase Plan is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which uses weighted-average assumptions. Our Purchase Plan provides for a twenty-four month offering period comprised of four six-month purchase periods with a look-back option. A look-back option is a provision in our Purchase Plan under which eligible employees can purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share equal to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value on the first day of the offering period or 85% of the fair market value on the purchase date. Our Purchase Plan also includes a feature that provides for a new offering period to begin when the fair market value of our common stock on any purchase date during an offering period falls below the fair market value of our common stock on the first day of such offering period. This feature is called a  reset.  Participants are automatically enrolled in the new offering period. We had a  reset  on July 1, 2016 because the fair market value of our stock on June 30, 2016 was lower than the fair market value of our stock on January 5, 2015, the first day of the offering period. We applied modification accounting in accordance with ASC Topic No. 718,   Stock Compensation,   to determine the incremental fair value associated with this Purchase Plan  reset  and will recognize the related stock-based compensation expense according to FASB ASC Subtopic No. 718-50,   Employee Share Purchase Plans  . The total incremental fair value for this Purchase Plan  reset  was approximately $1.0 million and will be recognized from July 1, 2016 to June 30, 2018.  

11 

Table of Contents   

As of September 30, 2016, there were approximately 2,689,635 shares reserved for future issuance under the Purchase Plan. The following table summarizes the weighted-average assumptions related to our Purchase Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Expected volatilities for our Purchase Plan are based on the historical volatility of our stock. Expected term represents the weighted-average of the purchase periods within the offering period. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the expected term is based on U.S. Treasury constant maturity rates. 

7.      Research and Development Accruals 

We have various contracts with third parties related to our research and development activities. Costs that are incurred but not billed to us as of the end of the period are accrued. We make estimates of the amounts incurred in each period based on the information available to us and our knowledge of the nature of the contractual activities generating such costs. Clinical trial contract expenses are accrued based on units of activity. Expenses related to other research and development contracts, such as research contracts, toxicology study contracts and manufacturing contracts are estimated to be incurred generally on a straight-line basis over the duration of the contracts. Raw materials and study materials purchased for us by third parties are expensed at the time of purchase. 

8.  Sponsored Research and License Agreements  

We conduct research and development programs independently and in connection with our corporate collaborators. We are a party to a collaboration agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS) for the discovery, development and commercialization of cancer immunotherapies based on our small molecule TGF beta receptor kinase inhibitors, as discussed below. Our participation   in the collaboration is limited to the Joint Research Committee and the performance of research activities based on billable full-time equivalent fees as specified in the collaboration agreement. We do not have ongoing participation obligations under our agreements with Aclaris Therapeutics International Limited (Aclaris) for the development and commercialization of certain janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors for the treatment of alopecia areata and other dermatological conditions, AstraZeneca (AZ) for the development and commercialization of R256, an inhaled JAK inhibitor, BerGenBio AS (BerGenBio) for the development and commercialization of an oncology program, and Daiichi Sankyo (Daiichi) to pursue research related to a specific target from a novel class of drug targets called ligases. Under these agreements, which we entered into in the ordinary course of business, we received or may be entitled to receive upfront cash payments, progress dependent contingent payments on events achieved by such partners and royalties on any net sales of products sold by such partners under the agreements. Total future contingent payments to us under all of these current agreements could exceed $531.9 million if all potential product candidates achieved all of the payment triggering events under all of our current agreements (based on a single product candidate under each agreement). Of this amount, up to $148.8 million relates to the achievement of development events, up to $345.6 million relates to the achievement of regulatory events and up to $37.5 million relates to the achievement of certain commercial or launch events. This estimated future contingent amount does not include any estimated royalties that could be due to us if the partners successfully commercialize any of the licensed products.  Future events that may trigger payments to us under the agreements are based solely on our partners  future efforts and achievements of specified development, regulatory and/or commercial events.  

In October 2015, we entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with a third party, pursuant to which we received a payment in the single-digit millions in exchange for granting a non-exclusive license to certain limited intellectual property rights. We concluded that the granting of the license, which was fully delivered to such third party in the fourth quarter of 2015, represents the sole deliverable under this agreement. Accordingly, we recognized the payment as revenue during the fourth quarter of 2015.  

12 

Table of Contents   

In August 2015, we entered into a license agreement with Aclaris, pursuant to which Aclaris will have exclusive rights and will assume responsibility for the continued development of certain JAK inhibitor compounds for the treatment of alopecia areata and other dermatological conditions. Under the license agreement, we received a noncreditable and non-refundable upfront payment of $8.0 million in September 2015. We are also entitled to receive development and regulatory contingent fees that could exceed $80.0 million for a successful compound approved in certain indications. In addition, we are also eligible to receive tiered royalties on the net sales of any products under the agreement. We concluded that the granting of the license, which has been fully delivered to Aclaris in the third quarter of 2015, represents the sole deliverable under this agreement.  Accordingly, we recognized the $8.0 million payment as revenue during the third quarter of 2015. 

In February 2015, we entered into a collaboration agreement with BMS for the discovery, development and commercialization of cancer immunotherapies based on our extensive portfolio of small molecule TGF beta receptor kinase inhibitors. Under the collaboration agreement, BMS will have exclusive rights and will be solely responsible for the clinical development and commercialization of any products. Pursuant to the collaboration agreement with BMS, we received a noncreditable and non-refundable upfront payment of $30.0 million in March 2015. We are also entitled to receive development and regulatory contingent fees that could exceed $309.0 million for a successful compound approved in certain indications. In addition, we are also eligible to receive tiered royalties on the net sales of any products from the collaboration. BMS shall also reimburse   us for agreed upon costs   based on a contractual cost per full-time equivalent employee   in connection with the performance of research activities during the research term.   Under the collaboration agreement, we were obligated to provide the following deliverables: (i) granting of license rights to our program, (ii) participation in the Joint Research Committee, and (iii) performance of research activities.  We concluded that these deliverables are a single unit of accounting as the license does not have stand-alone value apart from the other deliverables. Accordingly, the $30.0 million upfront payment was recognized ratably as revenue from the effective date of the agreement through September 2016, the end of the research term. We believe that straight-line recognition of this revenue was appropriate as the research was performed ratably over the research period. At the end of the initial research term, we were not notified by BMS of its intention to extend the initial research term under which we would perform research activities.  However, BMS does continue to evaluate compounds from the extensive portfolio under the agreement, on its own, for designation of a compound as an early candidate nomination. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized revenue of $3.8 million and $13.4 million, respectively, relating to the upfront payment.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized revenue of $290,000 relating to the research activities we performed. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized revenue of $4.8 million and $11.7 million, respectively, relating to the upfront payment and $163,000 and $619,000, respectively, relating to the research activities we performed. We do not have any deferred revenue as of September 30, 2016.  

In June 2011, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with BerGenBio for the development and commercialization of an oncology program. BerGenBio is responsible for all activities it wishes to perform under the license we granted to it.  In June 2016, we received contingent payments of $1.7 million relating to a time-based non-refundable fee and $2.0 million relating to BerGenBio s exercise of certain option rights before the prescription period to exercise the rights expired. All deliverables under the agreement had been previously delivered, as such, the above payments of $3.7 million triggered by the above time-based and contingent events were recognized as revenue in the second quarter of 2016. 

13 

Table of Contents   

9.  Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments 

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consisted of the following (in thousands):  

Cash equivalents and short-term investments include the following securities with gross unrealized gains and losses (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016, our cash equivalents and short-term investments, which have contractual maturities within one year, had a weighted-average time to maturity of approximately 84 days. We view our short-term investments portfolio as available for use in current operations. Accordingly, we have classified our investments as short-term investments. We have the ability to hold all investments as of September 30, 2016 through their respective maturity dates. At September 30, 2016, we had no investments that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months.  As of September 30, 2016, a total of 16 individual securities had been in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or less, and the losses were determined to be temporary. The gross unrealized losses above were caused by interest rate increases. No significant facts or circumstances have arisen to indicate that there has been any deterioration in the creditworthiness of the issuers of the securities held by us. Based on our review of these securities, including the assessment of the duration and severity of the unrealized losses and our ability and intent to hold the investments until maturity, there were no other-than-temporary impairments for these securities at September 30, 2016. 

The following table shows the fair value and gross unrealized losses of our investments in individual securities that are in an unrealized loss position, aggregated by investment category (in thousands): 

14 

Table of Contents   

10.      Fair Value 

Under FASB ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  , fair value is defined as the price at which an asset could be exchanged or a liability transferred in a transaction between knowledgeable, willing parties in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters or derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices or parameters are not available, valuation models are applied. 

Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in our financial statements are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Hierarchical levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of these assets and liabilities, are as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets at the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 

The fair valued assets we hold that are generally included under this Level 1 are money market securities where fair value is based on publicly quoted prices. 

Level 2 Inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability through correlation with market data at the reporting date and for the duration of the instrument s anticipated life. 

The fair valued assets we hold that are generally assessed under Level 2 included government-sponsored enterprise securities, U.S. treasury bills and corporate bonds and commercial paper. We utilize third party pricing services in developing fair value measurements where fair value is based on valuation methodologies such as models using observable market inputs, including benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, bids, offers and other reference data. We use quotes from external pricing service providers and other on-line quotation systems to verify the fair value of investments provided by our third party pricing service providers. We review independent auditor s reports from our third party pricing service providers particularly regarding the controls over pricing and valuation of financial instruments and ensure that our internal controls address certain control deficiencies, if any, and complementary user entity controls are in place. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities and which reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the reporting date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent in the inputs to the model. 

We do not have fair valued assets classified under Level 3. 

Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

Financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis are categorized in the tables below based upon the lowest level of significant input to the valuations (in thousands): 

15 

Table of Contents   

11.  Sublease Agreement 

In December 2014, we entered into a sublease agreement with an unrelated third party to occupy a portion of our research and office space. We expect to receive approximately $3.7 million in future sublease income (excluding our subtenant s share of facilities operating expenses) over the remaining term of the sublease. In connection with this sublease, we recognized a loss on sublease of $9.3 million during the fourth quarter of 2014.  We record rent expense on a straight-line basis for our lease, net of sublease income, wherein such arrangements contain scheduled rent increases over the term of the lease and sublease, respectively.  For our sublease arrangement which we classified as an operating lease, our loss on the sublease was comprised of the present value of our future payments to our landlord less the present value of our future rent payments expected from our subtenant over the term of the sublease.  The liability arising from this sublease agreement was determined using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate to discount the estimated future net cash flows.  The changes in the liability related to the sublease agreement for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows (in thousands): 

12.  Controlled Equity Offering 

In August 2015, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering  SM   Sales Agreement (Sales Agreement) with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. (Cantor), as sales agent, pursuant to which we may sell, through Cantor, up to an aggregate of $30.0 million in shares of our common stock. All sales of our common stock will be made pursuant to a shelf registration statement that was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 13, 2015.  Cantor acted as our sole sales agent for any sales made under the Sales Agreement for a low single-digit commission on gross proceeds.  The common stock was sold at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 7,895,563 shares of common stock were sold under the Sales Agreement, with aggregate gross proceeds of $24.3 million. As of September 30, 2016, 9,617,875 shares of our common stock had been issued under the Sales Agreement with aggregate gross proceeds of $30.0 million.  Of this amount, $1.3 million was received subsequent to September 30, 2016.  Accordingly, this amount was accounted for as a reduction in Additional Paid-in Capital as of September 30, 2016 in the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheet. As of September 30, 2016, there are no amounts remaining for future sales under the Sales Agreement. 

13.  Restructuring Charges 

In September 2016, we announced that we had reduced our workforce by 46 positions, mostly in the research area.  We also announced that effective September 15, 2016, Donald G. Payan, M.D, has retired from the board of directors and from his position as Executive Vice President and President of Discovery and Research  .    We recorded restructuring charges during the three months ended September 30, 2016 of approximately $5.8 million within Restructuring Charges in the accompanying Statement of Operations, which included $5.0 million of severance costs paid or to be paid in cash, $319,000 impairment of certain property and equipment, and $499,000 of non-cash stock-based compensation expense as a result of the modification of our former executive s stock options (see Note 6). At September 30, 2016, the remaining accrued restructuring costs, which will substantially be paid in the fourth quarter of 2016, consisted of $1.4 million related to severance, COBRA benefits and outplacement costs for certain employees that were affected by the reduction in workforce.  This accrued liability is classified under Accrued Compensation on the Condensed Balance Sheet. 

16 

Table of Contents   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the accompanying notes included in this report and the audited financial statements and accompanying notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future interim periods or for the full fiscal year. 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains statements indicating expectations about future performance and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, that involve risks and uncertainties. We usually use words such as  may,   will,   should,   could,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   intend,  or the negative of these terms or similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements appear throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are statements regarding our current expectation, belief or intent, primarily with respect to our operations and related industry developments. Examples of these statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the following: our business and scientific strategies; the progress of our and our collaborators  product development programs, including clinical testing, and the timing of results thereof; our corporate collaborations and revenues that may be received from our collaborations and the timing of those potential payments; our expectations with respect to regulatory submissions and approvals; our drug discovery technologies; our research and development expenses; protection of our intellectual property; sufficiency of our cash and capital resources and the need for additional capital; and our operations and legal risks. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including as a result of the risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company dedicated to the discovery and development of novel, targeted drugs in the therapeutic areas of immunology, oncology and immuno-oncology. Our pioneering research focuses on signaling pathways that are critical to disease mechanisms. Our current clinical programs include clinical trials of fostamatinib, an oral spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) inhibitor, in a number of indications. We completed and reported results from two Phase 3 clinical studies of fostamatinib in chronic immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) in August and October 2016. We are also conducting a Phase 2 clinical trial with fostamatinib in autoimmune hemolytic anemia (AIHA) and a Phase 2 clinical trial for IgA nephropathy (IgAN). In addition, we have two oncology product candidates in Phase 1 development with partners BerGenBio AS and Daiichi Sankyo. 

Recent Developments 

Changes in Executive Team    

On September 15, 2016, Donald G. Payan, M.D, retired from the board of directors and from his position as Executive Vice President and President of Discovery and Research.   

On September 16, 2016, Esteban Masuda, Ph.D. was promoted to Senior Vice President for Research.   

Effective October 10, 2016, Eldon C. Mayer III joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also, Joseph Lasaga joined the Company as Vice President, Business Development and Alliance Management. 

17 

Table of Contents   

Clinical Stage Programs 

Fostamatinib Immune Thrombocytopenic Purpura 

Disease background.    Chronic ITP affects an estimated 60,000 to 125,000 people in the U.S. In patients with ITP, the immune system attacks and destroys the body s own blood platelets, which play an active role in blood clotting and healing. ITP patients can suffer extraordinary bruising, bleeding and fatigue as a result of low platelet counts. Current therapies for ITP include steroids, blood platelet production boosters that imitate thrombopoietin (TPOs) and splenectomy. 

Orally-available SYK inhibitor program.    Taken in tablet form, fostamatinib blocks the activation of SYK inside immune cells. ITP causes the body to produce antibodies that attach to healthy platelets in the blood stream. Immune cells recognize these antibodies and affix to them, which activates the SYK enzyme inside the immune cell, and triggers the destruction of the antibody and the attached platelet. When SYK is inhibited by fostamatinib, it interrupts this immune cell function and allows the platelets to escape destruction. The results of our Phase 2 clinical trial, in which fostamatinib was orally administered to sixteen adults with chronic ITP, published in   Blood  , showed that fostamatinib significantly increased the platelet counts of certain ITP patients, including those who had failed other currently available agents. 

In October 2013, we met with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for an end-of-Phase 2 meeting for fostamatinib in ITP. Based on that meeting, we designed a Phase 3 clinical program, called fostamatinib in thrombocytopenia (FIT), in which a total of 150 ITP patients were randomized into two identical multi-center, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials. The patients will have been diagnosed with persistent or chronic ITP, and have blood platelet counts consistently below 30,000 per microliter of blood. Two-thirds of the subjects will receive fostamatinib orally at 100 mg bid (twice daily) and the other third will receive placebo on the same schedule. Subjects were expected to remain on treatment for 24 weeks. At week four of treatment, subjects who met certain platelet count and tolerability thresholds had their dosage of fostamatinib (or corresponding placebo) increased to 150 mg bid. The primary efficacy endpoint of this program is a stable platelet response by week 24 with platelet counts at or above 50,000 per microliter of blood for at least four of the final six qualifying blood draws. In August 2015, the FDA granted our request for Orphan Drug designation to fostamatinib, our oral SYK inhibitor, for the treatment of ITP. On April 1, 2016, we announced that we have completed enrollment for both studies in the FIT Phase 3 clinical program of fostamatinib in ITP.  

On August 30, 2016, we announced the results of the first study, reporting that fostamatinib met the study s primary efficacy endpoint. The study showed that 18% of patients receiving fostamatinib achieved a stable platelet response compared to none receiving a placebo control (p=0.0261). On October 20, 2016, we announced the results of the second study, reporting that the fostamatinib response rate was 18%, consistent with the first study. However, one patient in the placebo group (4%) achieved a stable platelet response, therefore the difference between those on treatment and those on placebo did not reach statistical significance (p=0.152) and the study did not meet its primary endpoint.When the data from both studies are combined, however, this difference is statistically significant (p=0.007). In the combined dataset for both Phase 3 studies, patients who met the primary endpoint had their platelet counts increase from a median of 18,500/uL of blood at baseline to more than 100,000/uL at week 24 of treatment. These patients benefited substantially and typically did so within weeks of initiating treatment, providing early feedback as to whether fostamatinib may be a viable option for treating their ITP.  In the combined dataset, the frequency of patients who achieved a stable platelet response was statistically superior in the fostamatinib group versus the placebo group in the following subgroups: prior splenectomy or not; prior exposure to TPO agents or not; platelet counts below or above 15,000/uL of blood at baseline, demonstrating that the effect of fostamatinib is consistent across various clinical and treatment backgrounds.  

Patients from both Phase 3 studies were given the option to enroll in a long-term open-label extension study and receive treatment with fostamatinib. As of June 2016, 118 patients had been enrolled in this study. All the patients who responded to fostamatinib in the parent studies enrolled in the long-term open-label extension study and had a median   

18 

Table of Contents   

platelet count of 96,000/uL of blood in this study. These patients have been exposed to fostamatinib for a median of 13 months through the combined parent and the long-term open-label extension study.   

In addition, there were 43 placebo non-responders that enrolled in the long-term open-label extension study. 36 of these patients had at least 12 weeks of follow-up.  Of those, 6 patients (17%) have achieved a prospectively defined stable platelet response, which is statistically significant and similar to the response rate fostamatinib achieved in the parent studies.. 

The most frequent adverse events were gastrointestinal-related, and the safety profile of the product was consistent with prior clinical experience, with no new or unusual safety issues uncovered. Data from both Phase 3 studies as well as our ongoing open-label extension study demonstrates the consistent benefit of fostamatinib in ITP. We plan to meet with the FDA shortly to discuss the above results and our potential New Drug Application (NDA) submission.  

Fostamatinib IgAN 

Disease background.    IgAN is an autoimmune disease that severely affects the functioning of the kidneys. An estimated 12,000 Americans are diagnosed with this type of glomerulonephritis each year, with 25% of its victims eventually requiring dialysis and/or kidney transplantation over time. IgAN is characterized by the deposition of IgA immune complexes in the glomeruli of the kidneys leading to an inflammatory response and subsequent tissue damage that ultimately disrupts the normal filtering function of the kidneys. By inhibiting SYK in kidney cells, fostamatinib may block the signaling of IgA immune complex receptors and arrest or slow destruction of the glomeruli. 

Orally-available SYK inhibitor program.    Our Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with IgAN, called SIGN (SYK Inhibition for Glomerulonephritis) completed enrollment for the first cohort and is currently enrolling patients for the second cohort. We expect to report top line results for the first cohort by the end of 2016.  

Fostamatinib AIHA 

Disease background  .  AIHA is a rare, serious blood disorder where the immune system produces antibodies that result in the destruction of the body's own red blood cells.  Symptoms can include fatigue, shortness of breath, rapid heartbeat, jaundice or enlarged spleen.  While no medical treatments are currently approved for AIHA, physicians generally treat acute and chronic cases of the disorder with corticosteroids, other immuno-suppressants, or splenectomy.  Research has shown that inhibiting SYK with fostamatinib may reduce the destruction of red blood cells.  This disorder affects an estimated 40,000 Americans, for whom no approved treatment options currently exist.  

Orally available SYK inhibitor program  .  We initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with AIHA in February 2016. The trial is an open-label, multi-center, two-stage study that will evaluate the efficacy and safety of fostamatinib in patients with warm antibody AIHA who have previously received treatment for the disorder, but have relapsed. Stage 1 will enroll 17 patients who will receive 150 mg of fostamatinib orally twice a day for a period of 12 weeks.  The patients will return to the clinic every two weeks for blood draws and medical assessment.  The primary efficacy endpoint of this study is to achieve increased hemoglobin levels by week 12 of greater than 10 g/dL, and greater than or equal to 2 g/dL higher than baseline. Stage 2 will include an additional 20 patients who will receive the same treatment protocol as Stage 1.  We expect to have results of the Stage 1 segment of the trial in 2017.  With this data, we will evaluate the best way forward and potentially an expedited path for pursuing AIHA.  

R348 Dry Eye in Patients with Ocular Graft-Versus-Host Disease (GvHD) 

Disease background.    According to an article published by the American Academy of Ophthalmology, a significant number (22% to 80%) of patients with acute or chronic GvHD develop a secondary incidence of dry eye (keratoconjunctivitis sicca). In general, these patients are severely ill and have a great medical need for a topical therapy that may better manage their symptoms. 

Topical Ophthalmic JAK/SYK inhibitor program.   We recently completed our Phase 2 study of patients with ocular GvHD to determine if R348, an ophthalmic JAK/SYK inhibitor, reduces inflammation and limits the damage to   

19 

Table of Contents   

the eye tissue caused by the disease. The study was comprised of 30 patients that were randomized to receive either R348 at 0.2%, 0.5% or a placebo eye drops for 12 weeks. The primary endpoint was a mean change from baseline at 12 weeks in total fluorescein staining score (CFS) of all corneal regions, a measure of corneal epithelial damage.  In the  per protocol  population which is the pre-specified efficacy analysis population, the mean change from baseline at 12 weeks in CFS scores was -2.11 for the placebo group, -4.14 in the R348 0.2% group (p= 0.186 versus placebo group), and -6.00 in the R348 0.5% group (p=0.053 versus placebo, using nonparametric testing). As such, the primary endpoint was not met based on the results of the study. R348 was well tolerated by patients at both doses.  In light of the overall findings, we have decided not to pursue this program. 

Research/Preclinical Programs 

We are conducting proprietary research in the broad disease areas of inflammation/immunology, immuno-oncology, cancers and muscle wasting/muscle endurance. Within each disease area, our researchers are investigating mechanisms of action as well as screening compounds against potential novel targets and optimizing those leads that appear to have the greatest potential. 

We are conducting preclinical studies to identify a lead molecule for our IRAK program. Inhibitors of IRAK activity represent valuable therapeutic tools to treat cytokine-driven autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. This program may provide opportunities in both the oncology and immunology areas. We expect to file an Investigational New Drug (IND) with our molecule in 2017. 

Sponsored Research and License Agreements 

We conduct research and development programs independently and in connection with our corporate collaborators. We are a party to a collaboration agreement with BMS for the discovery, development and commercialization of cancer immunotherapies based on our small molecule TGF beta receptor kinase inhibitors, as discussed below. Our participation in the collaboration is limited to the Joint Research Committee and the performance of research activities based on billable full-time equivalent fees as specified in the collaboration agreement. We do not have ongoing participation obligations under our agreements with Aclaris for the development and commercialization of certain JAK inhibitors for the treatment of alopecia areata and other dermatological conditions, AZ for the development and commercialization of R256, an inhaled JAK inhibitor, BerGenBio for the development and commercialization of an oncology program, and Daiichi to pursue research related to a specific target from a novel class of drug targets called ligases. Under these agreements, which we entered into in the ordinary course of business, we received or may be entitled to receive upfront cash payments, progress dependent contingent payments on events achieved by such partners and royalties on any net sales of products sold by such partners under the agreements. Total future contingent payments to us under all of these current agreements could exceed $531.9 million if all potential product candidates achieved all of the payment triggering events under all of our current agreements (based on a single product candidate under each agreement). Of this amount, up to $148.8 million relates to the achievement of development events, up to $345.6 million relates to the achievement of regulatory events and up to $37.5 million relates to the achievement of certain commercial or launch events. This estimated future contingent amount does not include any estimated royalties that could be due to us if the partners successfully commercialize any of the licensed products.  Future events that may trigger payments to us under the agreements are based solely on our partners  future efforts and achievements of specified development, regulatory and/or commercial events. Because we do not control the research, development or commercialization of the product candidates generated under these agreements, we are not able to reasonably estimate when, if at all, any contingent payments would become payable to us. As such, the contingent payments we could receive thereunder involve a substantial degree of risk to achieve and may never be received in the next 12 months or thereafter. Accordingly, we do not expect, and investors should not assume, that we will receive all of the potential contingent payments provided for under these agreements and it is possible that we may never receive any additional significant contingent payments or royalties under these agreements. 

In October 2015, we entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with a third party, pursuant to which we received a payment in the single-digit millions in exchange for granting a non-exclusive license to certain limited intellectual property rights. We concluded that the granting of the license, which was fully delivered to such third party   

20 

Table of Contents   

in the fourth quarter of 2015, represents the sole deliverable under this agreement. Accordingly, we recognized the payment as revenue during the fourth quarter of 2015.  

In August 2015, we entered into a license agreement with Aclaris, pursuant to which Aclaris will have exclusive rights and will assume responsibility for the continued development of certain JAK inhibitor compounds for the treatment of alopecia areata and other dermatological conditions. Under the license agreement, we received a noncreditable and non-refundable upfront payment of $8.0 million in September 2015. We are also entitled to receive development and regulatory contingent fees that could exceed $80.0 million for a successful compound approved in certain indications. In addition, we are also eligible to receive tiered royalties on the net sales of any products under the agreement. We concluded that the granting of the license, which has been fully delivered to Aclaris in the third quarter of 2015, represents the sole deliverable under this agreement.  Accordingly, we recognized the $8.0 million payment as revenue during the third quarter of 2015. 

In February 2015, we entered into a collaboration agreement with BMS for the discovery, development and commercialization of cancer immunotherapies based on our extensive portfolio of small molecule TGF beta receptor kinase inhibitors. Under the collaboration agreement, BMS will have exclusive rights and will be solely responsible for the clinical development and commercialization of any products. Pursuant to the collaboration agreement with BMS, we received a noncreditable and non-refundable upfront payment of $30.0 million in March 2015. We are also entitled to receive development and regulatory contingent fees that could exceed $309.0 million for a successful compound approved in certain indications. In addition, we are also eligible to receive tiered royalties on the net sales of any products from the collaboration. BMS shall also reimburse   us for agreed upon costs   based on a contractual cost per full-time equivalent employee   in connection with the performance of research activities during the research term.   Under the collaboration agreement, we were obligated to provide the following deliverables: (i) granting of license rights to our program, (ii) participation in the Joint Research Committee, and (iii) performance of research activities.  We concluded that these deliverables are a single unit of accounting as the license does not have stand-alone value apart from the other deliverables. Accordingly, the $30.0 million upfront payment was recognized ratably as revenue from the effective date of the agreement through September 2016, the end of the research term. We believe that straight-line recognition of this revenue was appropriate as the research was performed ratably over the research period. At the end of the initial research term, we were not notified by BMS of its intention to extend the initial research term under which we would perform research activities.  However, BMS does continue to evaluate compounds from the extensive portfolio under the agreement, on its own, for designation of a compound as an early candidate nomination. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized revenue of $3.8 million and $13.4 million, respectively, relating to the upfront payment.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized revenue of $290,000 relating to the research activities we performed. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized revenue of $4.8 million and $11.7 million, respectively, relating to the upfront payment and $163,000 and $619,000, respectively, relating to the research activities we performed. We do not have any deferred revenue as of September 30, 2016. 

In June 2011, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with BerGenBio for the development and commercialization of an oncology program. BerGenBio is responsible for all activities it wishes to perform under the license we granted to it.  In June 2016, we received contingent payments of $1.7 million relating to a time-based non-refundable fee and $2.0 million relating to BerGenBio s exercise of certain option rights before the prescription period to exercise the rights expired. All deliverables under the agreement had been previously delivered, as such, the above payments of $3.7 million triggered by the above time-based and contingent events were recognized as revenue in the second quarter of 2016. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Our research and development expenditures include costs related to preclinical and clinical trials, scientific personnel, supplies, equipment, consultants, sponsored research, stock based compensation, and allocated facility costs. 

We do not track fully burdened research and development costs separately for each of our drug candidates. We review our research and development expenses by focusing on three categories: research, development, and other. Our research team is focused on creating a portfolio of product candidates that can be developed into small molecule therapeutics in our own proprietary programs or with potential collaborative partners and utilizes our robust discovery   

21 

Table of Contents   

engine to rapidly discover and validate new product candidates in our focused range of therapeutic indications.  Research  expenses relate primarily to personnel expenses, lab supplies, fees to third party research consultants and compounds. Our development group leads the implementation of our clinical and regulatory strategies and prioritizes disease indications in which our compounds may be studied in clinical trials.  Development  expenses relate primarily to clinical trials, personnel expenses, lab supplies and fees to third party research consultants.  Other  expenses primarily consist of allocated facilities costs and allocated stock based compensation expense relating to personnel in research and development groups. 

In addition to reviewing the three categories of research and development expenses described in the preceding paragraph, we principally consider qualitative factors in making decisions regarding our research and development programs, which include enrollment in clinical trials and the results thereof, the clinical and commercial potential for our drug candidates and competitive dynamics. We also make our research and development decisions in the context of our overall business strategy, which includes the evaluation of potential collaborations for the development of our drug candidates. 

The following table presents our total research and development expense by category (in thousands). 

*  We started tracking research and development expense by category on January 1, 2007. 

Other  expenses mainly represent allocated facilities costs of approximately $2.3 million and $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and allocated stock-based compensation expenses of approximately $643,000 and $966,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, allocated facilities costs were approximately 7.4 million and $8.2 million, respectively, and allocated stock-based compensation expenses were approximately $2.7 million and $3.2 million, respectively.  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, a major portion of our total research and development expense was associated with salaries of our research and development personnel, our ITP, AIHA and IgAN programs, and allocated facilities costs.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, a major portion of our total research and development expense was associated with our ITP and IgAN programs, salaries of our research and development personnel, and allocated facilities costs.   

We do not have reliable estimates regarding the timing of our clinical trials. Preclinical testing and clinical development are long, expensive and uncertain processes. In general, biopharmaceutical development involves a series of steps, beginning with identification of a potential target and including, among others, proof of concept in animals and Phase 1, 2 and 3 clinical trials in humans. Significant delays in clinical testing could materially impact our product development costs and timing of completion of the clinical trials. We do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, will need to be halted or revamped or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in obtaining regulatory approval to commence a trial, delays from scale up, delays in reaching agreement on acceptable clinical trial agreement terms with prospective clinical sites, delays in obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective clinical site or delays in recruiting subjects to participate in a clinical trial. 

We currently do not have reliable estimates of total costs for a particular drug candidate to reach the market. Our potential products are subject to a lengthy and uncertain regulatory process that may involve unanticipated   

22 

Table of Contents   

additional clinical trials and may not result in receipt of the necessary regulatory approvals. Failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals would prevent us from commercializing the product candidates affected. In addition, clinical trials of our potential products may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy, which could prevent or significantly delay regulatory approval.  

For further discussion on research and development activities, see  Research and Development Expense  under  Results of Operations  below. 

Results of Operations 

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

Revenues 

Contract revenues from collaborations of $3.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 represent the remaining amortization of the $30.0 million upfront payment we earned from BMS.  Contract revenues from collaborations of $17.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were comprised of the amortization of the upfront payment and FTE fees we earned from BMS of $13.4 million and $290,000, respectively, as well as the contingent payments amounting to $3.7 million we received from BerGenBio. Contract revenues from collaborations of $13.0 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015 were comprised of the $8.0 million upfront payment received from Aclaris in September 2015, the amortization of the $30.0 million upfront payment from BMS of $4.8 million and the FTE fees we earned of $163,000 from BMS. Contract revenues from collaborations of $20.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were comprised of the $8.0 million upfront payment received from Aclaris in September 2015, the amortization of the $30.0 million upfront payment from BMS of $11.7 million and the FTE fees we earned from BMS of $619,000. 

We do not have any deferred revenue as of September 30, 2016. Our potential future revenues may include payments from our current partners and from new partners with whom we enter into agreements in the future, if any, the timing and amount of which is unknown at this time. 

Research and Development Expense 

The increases in research and development expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015, were primarily due to the increases in research and development costs related to our fostamatinib in ITP, AIHA and IgAN programs, partially offset by the decreases in personnel costs, and stock based compensation due to the reduction in workforce in September 2016.   

We expect that our research and development expense in the fourth quarter of 2016 and in 2017 to decrease relative to the prior periods due to our recently announced restrucuturing and as we complete the randomized portion of our Phase 3 clinical trials in ITP in 2016.  

23 

Table of Contents   

General and Administrative Expense 

The increases in general and administrative expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015, was primarily due to the commercial launch costs incurred in anticipation of a potential commercial launch of fostamatinib in ITP, partially offset by the decrease in stock-based compensation expense.  

Restructuring Charges 

In September 2016, we announced that we had reduced our workforce by 46 positions, mostly in the research area.  We also announced that effective September 15, 2016, Donald G. Payan, M.D, has retired from the board of directors and from his position as Executive Vice President and President of Discovery and Research  .    We recorded restructuring charges during the three months ended September 30, 2016 of approximately $5.8 million within Restructuring Charges in the accompanying Statement of Operations, which included $5.0 million of severance costs paid or to be paid in cash, $319,000 impairment of certain property and equipment, and $499,000 of non-cash stock-based compensation expense as a result of the modification of our former executive s stock options. At September 30, 2016, the remaining accrued restructuring costs, which will substantially be paid in the fourth quarter of 2016, consisted of $1.4 million related to severance, COBRA benefits and outplacement costs for certain employees that were affected by the reduction in workforce.  This accrued liability is classified under Accrued Compensation on the Condensed Balance Sheet. 

Interest Income 

Interest income results from our interest-bearing cash and investment balances. The increase in interest income for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same periods in 2015 was primarily due to the higher yield on our investments. 

Critical Accounting Policies and the Use of Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. We evaluate our estimates, including those related to our   

24 

Table of Contents   

stock based compensation and the probability of achievement of corporate performance-based milestone for our performance-based stock option awards, impairment issues, the estimated useful life of assets, and estimated accruals, particularly research and development accruals, on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.   We believe that there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern under ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern  . ASU No. 2014-15 provides guidance about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued (or at the date that the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). ASU No. 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. We plan to adopt this new standard in our annual financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2016. We will continue to evaluate the guidance under ASU No. 2014-15 and present the required disclosures within our financial statements at the time of adoption. The actual impact will be dependent upon our liquidity and the nature or significance of future events or conditions that exist upon the adoption of this new standard. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements under ASC Topic 605,   Revenue Recognition  , and most industry-specific guidance under the ASC. The core principle of ASU No. 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU No. 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing U.S. GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU No. 2014-09 also requires additional disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. ASU No. 2014-09 allows for either full retrospective or modified retrospective adoption, and we have not yet determined which approach we will apply. In July 2015, the FASB deferred by one year the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 with the new effective date beginning after December 15, 2017, and the interim periods within that year and will allow early adoption for all entities as of the original effective date for public business entities, which was annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We plan to adopt this new standard on January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective approach. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 on our financial statements and cannot estimate the impact of adoption at this time.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02   Leases  , which is aimed at making leasing activities more transparent, and requires substantially all leases be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. The guidance is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We plan to adopt this new standard on January 1, 2019.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 on our financial statements and cannot estimate the impact of adoption at this time. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including the income tax consequences, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures   

25 

Table of Contents   

recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows.  The guidance will be effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that year. We plan to adopt this new standard on January 1, 2017 and do not expect a material impact on our financial statements.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash Requirements 

From inception, we have financed our operations primarily through sales of equity securities, contract payments under our collaboration agreements and equipment financing arrangements. We have consumed substantial amounts of capital to date as we continue our research and development activities, including preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $85.3 million in cash, cash equivalents and short term investments, as compared to approximately $126.3 million as of December 31, 2015, a decrease of approximately $41.0 million. The decrease was primarily attributable to the payments associated with funding our operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In June 2016, we received payments from BerGenBio amounting to $3.7 million pursuant to our exclusive license agreement which we signed in June 2011. In August 2015, we entered into Controlled Equity Offering  SM   Sales Agreement with Cantor, as sales agent, pursuant to which we may sell, through Cantor, up to an aggregate of $30.0 million in shares of our common stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 7,895,563 shares of common stock were sold under the Sales Agreement, with an aggregate proceeds of $24.3 million. In December 2014, we entered into a sublease agreement with an unrelated third party to occupy a portion of our research and office space. We expect to receive approximately $3.7 million in future sublease income (excluding our subtenant s share of facility s operating expenses) over the remaining term of the sublease through January 2018. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received approximately $3.4 million of sublease income and reimbursements. We believe that our existing capital resources will be sufficient to support our current and projected funding requirements, including funds to continue efforts in preparation of the potential commercial launch of fostamatinib in ITP in the U.S., through the end of 2017. We also continue to evaluate ex-U.S. partnerships for fostamatinib and other partnering opportunities across our pipelines. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of our product candidates and other research and development activities, including risks and uncertainties that could impact the rate of progress of our development activities, we are unable to estimate with certainty the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical trials and other research and development activities. 

Our operations will require significant additional funding for the foreseeable future. Unless and until we are able to generate a sufficient amount of product, royalty or milestone revenue, we expect to finance future cash needs through public and/or private offerings of equity securities, debt financings and/or collaboration and licensing arrangements, and to a much lesser extent through interest income earned on the investment of our excess cash balances and short term investments. With the exception of contingent and royalty payments that we may receive under our existing collaborations, we do not currently have any committed future funding. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders could at that time experience substantial dilution. Any debt financing that we are able to obtain may involve operating covenants that restrict our business. To the extent that we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some of our rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

Our future funding requirements will depend upon many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the outcome of our meeting with the FDA to discuss the results of our Phase 3 studies of fostamatinib in ITP;     

the progress and success of our clinical trials and preclinical activities (including studies and manufacture of materials) of our product candidates conducted by us;     

the progress of research and development programs carried out by us and our collaborative partners;     

26 

Table of Contents   

the costs and timing of regulatory filings and approvals by us and our collaborators;      

the costs to build and expand our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities;     

the costs to commercialize fostamatinib or any other future product candidates, if any such candidate receives regulatory approval for commercial sale;     

any changes in the breadth of our research and development programs;     

the ability to achieve the events identified in our collaborative agreements that may trigger payments to us from our collaboration partners;     

our ability to acquire or license other technologies or compounds that we may seek to pursue;     

our ability to manage our growth;     

competing technological and market developments;     

the costs and timing of obtaining, enforcing and defending our patent and other intellectual property rights; and     

expenses associated with any unforeseen litigation, including any securities class action lawsuits.     

Insufficient funds may require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research or development programs, to lose rights under existing licenses or to relinquish greater or all rights to product candidates at an earlier stage of development or on less favorable terms than we would otherwise choose or may adversely affect our ability to operate as a going concern. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we maintained an investment portfolio primarily in money market funds, U. S. treasury bills, government sponsored enterprise securities, and corporate bonds and commercial paper. Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested with regard to liquidity and capital preservation. Wherever possible, we seek to minimize the potential effects of concentration and degrees of risk. We will continue to monitor the impact of the changes in the conditions of the credit and financial markets to our investment portfolio and assess if future changes in our investment strategy are necessary. 

Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was approximately $63.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to approximately $9.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the cash payments related to our research and development programs and severance payments as a result of the reduction in workforce in September 2016, partially offset by the $3.7 million payments we received from BerGenBio. Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to the cash payments related to our research and development programs, partially offset by the $8.0 million and $30.0 million upfront payments we received from Aclaris and BMS, respectively. The timing of cash requirements may vary from period to period depending on our research and   

27 

Table of Contents   

development activities, including our planned preclinical and clinical trials, and future requirements to establish commercial capabilities for any products that we may develop. 

Net cash provided by investing activities was approximately $22.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to approximately $31.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by investing activities in each period related to net maturities of short-term investments, partially offset by capital expenditures. Capital expenditures were approximately $798,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to approximately $412,000 for the same period in 2015. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately $23.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to approximately $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of net proceeds of $22.2 million from issuance of shares under our Sales Agreement as well as proceeds from exercise of outstanding options and issuance of shares under the Purchase Plan. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to the proceeds from the issuance of shares under our Purchase Plan. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act). 

Contractual Obligations 

We conduct our research and development programs internally and through third parties that include, among others, arrangements with universities, consultants and contract research organizations. We have contractual arrangements with these parties, however our contracts with them are cancelable generally on reasonable notice within one year and our obligations under these contracts are primarily based on services performed. We do not have any purchase commitments under any collaboration arrangements. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had the following contractual commitments:  

(1) 

In December 2014, we entered into a sublease agreement with an unrelated third party to lease up a portion of the research and office space. The facilities lease obligations above do not include the sublease income of $3.7 million over the remaining term of the sublease.      

Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to our market risk disclosures as set forth in Part II, Item 7A,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 4.      Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

28 

Table of Contents   

Changes in Internal Controls.   There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls.   A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the controls are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a company have been detected. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set forth above, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were sufficiently effective to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system were met. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

None. 

Item 1A.      Risk Factors    

In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These risk factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those we may make from time to time. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently see as immaterial, may also harm our business. 

We have marked with an asterisk (*) those risk factors below that reflect a substantive change from the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2016. 

If we are unable to submit the NDA for fostamatinib in ITP or if we submit the NDA but it is not accepted or not approved for ITP by the FDA, this would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial performance and results of operations.  * 

In August 2016, we announced the results of the first Phase 3 study of fostamatinib in ITP, reporting that fostamatinib met its primary efficacy endpoint. The study showed that 18% of patients receiving fostamatinib achieved a stable platelet response compared to none receiving a placebo control. In October 2016, we announced the results of the second study, reporting that the fostamatinib response rate was 18% consistent with the first study. However, one patient in the placebo group achieved a stable platelet response, therefore the difference between groups did not reach statistical significance.  Given that one of the two studies did not meet its primary endpoint, there is a risk that the FDA will not agree that we should move forward with submitting the NDA, or, that the FDA will not accept the submission, or that the submission is accepted but not approved, which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue from the sales of fostamatinib in ITP. An inability to generate such revenue would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial performance and results of operations. In addition, the FDA may suggest that we need to conduct additional trials at significant costs before we submit applications seeking regulatory approval of our product candidates. Any such requirement for additional trials would most likely result in our inability to commercialize fostamatinib in the United States for a significant period of time, which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue from the sales of fostamatinib in ITP. 

29 

Table of Contents   

We will need additional capital in the future to sufficiently fund our operations and research.* 

We have consumed substantial amounts of capital to date as we continue our research and development activities, including preclinical studies and clinical trials. We may seek another collaborator or licensee in the future for further clinical development and commercialization of fostamatinib, as well as our other clinical programs, which we may not be able to obtain on commercially reasonable terms or at all. We believe that our existing capital resources will be sufficient to support our current and projected funding requirements, including funds to continue efforts in preparation of the potential commercial launch of fostamatinib in ITP in the U.S., through the end of 2017. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of our product candidates and other research and development activities, including risks and uncertainties that could impact the rate of progress of our development activities, we are unable to estimate with certainty the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical trials and other research and development activities. We will continue to need additional capital and the amount of future capital needed will depend largely on the success of our internally developed programs as they proceed in later and more expensive clinical trials, including any additional clinical trials that we may decide to conduct with respect to fostamatinib. Unless and until we are able to generate a sufficient amount of product, royalty or milestone revenue, which may never occur, we expect to finance future cash needs through public and/or private offerings of equity securities, debt financings or collaboration and licensing arrangements, as well as through interest income earned on the investment of our cash balances and short-term investments. With the exception of contingent and royalty payments that we may receive under our existing collaborations, we do not currently have any commitments for future funding. We do not know whether additional financing will be available when needed, or that, if available, we will obtain financing on reasonable terms. 

To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities in the future, our stockholders could at that time experience substantial dilution. Any debt financing that we are able to obtain may involve operating covenants that restrict our business. To the extent that we raise additional funds through any new collaboration and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

Our future funding requirements will depend on many uncertain factors.* 

Our future funding requirements will depend upon many factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

the outcome of our meeting with the FDA to discuss the results of our Phase 3 studies of fostamatinib in ITP;     

the progress and success of our clinical trials and preclinical activities (including studies and manufacture of materials) of our product candidates conducted by us;     

the progress of research and development programs carried out by us   and our collaborative partners;     

the costs and timing of regulatory filings and approvals by us and our collaborators;      

the costs to build and expand our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities;     

the costs to commercialize fostamatinib or any other future product candidates, if any such candidate receives regulatory approval for commercial sale;     

any changes in the breadth of our research and development programs;     

the ability to achieve the events identified in our collaborative agreements that may trigger payments to us from our collaboration partners;     

30 

Table of Contents   

our ability to acquire or license other technologies or compounds that we may seek to pursue;     

our ability to manage our growth;     

competing technological and market developments;     

the costs and timing of obtaining, enforcing and defending our patent and other intellectual property rights; and     

expenses associated with any unforeseen litigation, including any securities class action lawsuits.     

Insufficient funds may require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs, to lose rights under existing licenses or to relinquish greater or all rights to product candidates at an earlier stage of development or on less favorable terms than we would otherwise choose or may adversely affect our ability to operate as a going concern. 

There is a high risk that drug discovery and development efforts might not generate successful product candidates.* 

At the present time, the majority of our operations are focused on various stages of drug identification and development. We currently have various product candidates in the clinical testing stage. In our industry, it is statistically unlikely that the limited number of compounds that we have identified as potential product candidates will actually lead to successful product development efforts. We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources into the development of fostamatinib.  Our ability to generate product revenue, which will not occur until after regulatory approval, if ever, will depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and eventual commercialization of one of our product candidates.  

Our compounds in clinical trials and our future leads for potential drug compounds are subject to the risks and failures inherent in the development of pharmaceutical products. These risks include, but are not limited to, the inherent difficulty in selecting the right drug and drug target and avoiding unwanted side effects, as well as unanticipated problems relating to product development, testing, enrollment, obtaining regulatory approvals, maintaining regulatory compliance, manufacturing, competition and costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates. In future clinical trials, we or our partners may discover additional side effects and/or higher frequency of side effects than those observed in previously completed clinical trials. The results of preliminary and mid-stage clinical trials do not necessarily predict clinical or commercial success, and larger later-stage clinical trials may fail to confirm the results observed in the previous clinical trials. Similarly, a clinical trial may show that a product candidate is safe and effective for certain patient populations in a particular indication, but other clinical trials may fail to confirm those results in a subset of that population or in a different patient population, which may limit the potential market for that product candidate. With respect to our own compounds in development, we have established anticipated timelines with respect to the initiation of clinical trials based on existing knowledge of the compounds. However, we cannot provide assurance that we will meet any of these timelines for clinical development. Additionally, the initial results of a completed earlier clinical trial of a product candidate do not necessarily predict final results and the results may not be repeated in later clinical trials. 

Because of the uncertainty of whether the accumulated preclinical evidence (pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, safety and/or other factors) or early clinical results will be observed in later clinical trials, we can make no assurances regarding the likely results from our future clinical trials or the impact of those results on our business. If our clinical trials fail to meet the primary efficacy endpoints, the commercial prospects of our business may be harmed, our ability to generate product revenues may be delayed or eliminated or we may be forced to undertake other strategic alternatives that are in our shareholders  best interests, including cost reduction measures. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or engage in a strategic transaction on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may be required to implement further cost reduction strategies which could significantly impact activities related to our research and development of our future product candidates, and could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, these cost reduction strategies could cause us to further curtail our operations or take other actions that would adversely impact our shareholders.  

31 

Table of Contents   

We might not be able to commercialize our product candidates successfully if problems arise in the clinical testing and approval process.* 

Commercialization of our product candidates depends upon successful completion of extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy for humans. Preclinical testing and clinical development are long, expensive and uncertain processes. 

In connection with clinical trials of our product candidates, we face the risks that: 

the product candidate may not prove to be effective;     

the product candidate may cause harmful side effects;     

the clinical results may not replicate the results of earlier, smaller trials;     

we, or the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities, may terminate or suspend the trials;     

our results may not be statistically significant;     

patient recruitment and enrollment may be slower than expected;     

patients may drop out of the trials; and     

regulatory and clinical trial requirements, interpretations or guidance may change.     

We do not know whether we will be permitted to undertake clinical trials of potential products beyond the trials already concluded and the trials currently in process. It will take us, or our collaborative partners several years to complete any such testing, and failure can occur at any stage of testing. Interim results of trials do not necessarily predict final results, and acceptable results in early trials may not be repeated in later trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry, including biotechnology companies, have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after achieving promising results in earlier trials. For example, in October 2016, we announced that our second Phase 3 study in our FIT Phase 3 clinical program did not meet its primary endpoint. Moreover, we or our collaborative partners or regulators may decide to discontinue development of any or all of these projects at any time for commercial, scientific or other reasons. For example, in August 2014, we have discontinued our indirect AMPK activator program, R118, due to its side-effect profile in Phase 1 clinical trials. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully complete the clinical development of our product candidates or receive regulatory approval to ultimately commercialize any of our other product candidates. For example, if we are unable to ultimately commercialize fostamatinib, our business will be harmed. 

If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval to market products in the United States and foreign jurisdictions, we will not be permitted to commercialize products we or our collaborative partners may develop. 

We cannot predict whether regulatory clearance will be obtained for any product that we, or our collaborative partners, hope to develop. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years, is dependent upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Of particular significance to us are the requirements relating to research and development and testing. 

Before commencing clinical trials in humans in the United States, we, or our collaborative partners, will need to submit and receive approval from the FDA of an IND. Clinical trials are subject to oversight by institutional review boards and the FDA and: 

must be conducted in conformance with the FDA s good clinical practices and other applicable regulations;     

must meet requirements for institutional review board oversight;     

32 

Table of Contents   

must meet requirements for informed consent;     

are subject to continuing FDA and regulatory oversight;     

may require large numbers of test subjects; and     

may be suspended by us, our collaborators or the FDA at any time if it is believed that the subjects participating in these trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or if the FDA finds deficiencies in the IND or the conduct of these trials.     

While we have stated that we intend to file additional INDs for future product candidates, this is only a statement of intent, and we may not be able to do so because we may not be able to identify potential product candidates. In addition, the FDA may not approve any IND   we or our collaborative partners may submit in a timely manner, or at all. 

Before receiving FDA approval to market a product, we must demonstrate with substantial clinical evidence that the product is safe and effective in the patient population and the indication that will be treated. Data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are susceptible to varying interpretations that could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. In addition, delays or rejections may be encountered based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and FDA regulatory review. Failure to comply with applicable FDA or other applicable regulatory requirements may result in criminal prosecution, civil penalties, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production or injunction, adverse publicity, as well as other regulatory action against our potential products or us. Additionally, we have limited experience in conducting and managing the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval. 

If regulatory approval of a product is granted, this approval will be limited to those indications or disease states and conditions for which the product is demonstrated through clinical trials to be safe and efficacious. We cannot assure you that any compound developed by us, alone or with others, will prove to be safe and efficacious in clinical trials and will meet all of the applicable regulatory requirements needed to receive marketing approval. 

Outside the United States, our ability, or that of our collaborative partners, to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. This foreign regulatory approval process typically includes all of the risks and costs associated with FDA approval described above and may also include additional risks and costs, such as the risk that such foreign regulatory authorities, which often have different regulatory and clinical trial requirements, interpretations and guidance from the FDA, may require additional clinical trials or results for approval of a product candidate, any of which could result in delays, significant additional costs or failure to obtain such regulatory approval. For example, there can be no assurance that we or our collaborative partners will not have to provide additional information or analysis, or conduct additional clinical trials, before receiving approval to market product candidates. 

Even if our product candidates receive regulatory approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success.* 

If any of our product candidates receive regulatory approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, hospital administrators, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including the following:  

relative convenience and ease of administration;     

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies;     

the willingness of physicians to change their current treatment practices;     

33 

Table of Contents   

the willingness of hospitals and hospital systems to include our product candidates as treatment options;     

demonstration of efficacy and safety in clinical trials;     

the prevalence and severity of any side effects;     

the ability to offer product candidates for sale at competitive prices;     

the price we charge for our product candidates;      

the strength of marketing and distribution support; and     

the availability of third-party coverage or reimbursement.     

If any of our product candidates are approved, if at all, but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue and we may not become profitable on a sustained basis. 

We are in the initial stages of developing our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. If we are unable to develop effective sales, marketing and distribution capabilities on our own or through collaborations or other marketing partners, we will not be successful in commercializing one or more of our product candidates.* 

We are in the early stages of developing our sales and marketing infrastructure and have never sold, marketed or distributed therapeutic products. To achieve commercial success for any of our product candidates, if at all approved, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to third parties. There are risks involved with establishing our own sales and marketing capabilities, as well as entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. Developing an internal sales force is expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of one or more of our product candidates for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. On the other hand, if we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services, our product revenues will be lower than if we market and sell any products that we develop ourselves. 

We also may not be successful entering into arrangements with third parties to sell and market one or more of our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market one or more of our product candidates effectively, which could damage our reputation. If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 

Delays in clinical testing could result in increased costs to us.* 

We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical studies or trials for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these clinical trials as required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials, if the pace of enrollment is slower than we expect, the development costs for our product candidates may increase and the completion of our clinical trials may be delayed or our clinical trials could become too expensive to complete. Significant delays in clinical testing could materially impact our product development costs and timing. Our estimates regarding timing are based on a number of assumptions, including assumptions based on past experience with our other clinical programs. If we are unable to enroll the patients in these trials at the projected rate, the completion of the clinical program could be delayed and the costs of conducting the program could increase, either of which could harm our business.    

Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in obtaining regulatory approval to   

34 

Table of Contents   

commence a study, delays from scaling up of a study, delays in reaching agreement on acceptable clinical trial agreement terms with prospective clinical sites, delays in obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a study at a prospective clinical site or delays in recruiting subjects to participate in a study. In addition, we typically rely on third-party clinical investigators to conduct our clinical trials and other third-party organizations to oversee the operations of such trials and to perform data collection and analysis. The clinical investigators are not our employees, and we cannot control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to our programs. Failure of the third-party organizations to meet their obligations could adversely affect clinical development of our products. As a result, we may face additional delaying factors outside our control if these parties do not perform their obligations in a timely fashion. For example, any number of those issues could arise with our clinical trials causing a delay. Delays of this sort could occur for the reasons identified above or other reasons. If we have delays in conducting the clinical trials or obtaining regulatory approvals, our product development costs will increase. For example, we may need to make additional payments to third-party investigators and organizations to retain their services or we may need to pay recruitment incentives. If the delays are significant, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to become profitable will be delayed. Moreover, these third-party investigators and organizations may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some of which may compete with us. If these third-party investigators and organizations assist our competitors at our expense, it could harm our competitive position. 

We lack the capability to manufacture compounds for clinical development and rely on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, and we may be unable to obtain required material in a timely manner, at an acceptable cost or at a quality level required to receive regulatory approval.* 

We currently do not have the manufacturing capabilities or experience necessary to produce our product candidates for clinical trials, including fostamatinib in ITP, AIHA and IgAN. For each clinical trial of our unpartnered product candidates, we rely on third-party manufacturers for the active pharmaceutical ingredients, as well as various manufacturers to manufacture starting components, excipients and formulated drug products. We rely on manufacturers to produce and deliver all of the materials required for our clinical trials, and many of our preclinical efforts, on a timely basis and to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP). In addition, we rely on our suppliers to deliver sufficient quantities of materials produced under cGMP conditions to enable us to conduct planned preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

Our current and anticipated future dependence upon these third-party manufacturers may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates on a timely and competitive basis. These manufacturers may not be able to produce material on a timely basis or manufacture material at the quality level or in the quantity required to meet our development timelines and applicable regulatory requirements and may also experience a shortage in qualified personnel. We may not be able to maintain or renew our existing third-party manufacturing arrangements, or enter into new arrangements, on acceptable terms, or at all. Our third party manufacturers could terminate or decline to renew our manufacturing arrangements based on their own business priorities, at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. If we are unable to contract for the production of materials in sufficient quantity and of sufficient quality on acceptable terms, our planned clinical trials may be significantly delayed. Manufacturing delays could postpone the filing of our IND applications and/or the initiation or completion of clinical trials that we have currently planned or may plan in the future. 

Drug manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and other federal and state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers  compliance with these regulations and standards and they may not be able to comply. Switching manufacturers may be difficult because the number of potential manufacturers is limited. It may be difficult or impossible for us to find a replacement manufacturer quickly on acceptable terms, or at all. Additionally, if we are required to enter into new supply arrangements, we may not be able to obtain approval from the FDA of any alternate supplier in a timely manner, or at all, which could delay or prevent the clinical development and commercialization of any related product candidates. Failure of our third-party manufacturers or us to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, civil penalties, delays in or failure to grant marketing approval of our product candidates, injunctions, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products and compounds, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect our business. 

35 

Table of Contents   

We have obtained orphan drug designation from the FDA for fostamatinib for the treatment of ITP, but we may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including the potential for market exclusivity. 

Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is defined as one occurring in a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug or biologic will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full Biologics License Application, or BLA, to market the same biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. 

Even though we have received orphan drug designation for fostamatinib for the treatment of ITP, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Further, even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan product is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug with the same active moiety for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective, or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 

Our research and development efforts will be seriously jeopardized if we are unable to attract and retain key employees and relationships. 

As a small company, our success depends on the continued contributions of our principal management and scientific personnel and on our ability to develop and maintain important relationships with leading academic institutions, scientists and companies in the face of intense competition for such personnel. In particular, our research programs depend on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled chemists, other scientists, and development, regulatory and clinical personnel. If we lose the services of any of our key personnel, our research and development efforts could be seriously and adversely affected. Our employees can terminate their employment with us at any time. 

Our success as a company is uncertain due to our history of operating losses and the uncertainty of any future profitability.* 

We incurred a loss from operations of approximately $54.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Other than for 2010, we have historically incurred losses from operations each year since we were incorporated in June 1996, due in large part to the significant research and development expenditures required to identify and validate new product candidates and pursue our development efforts. We expect to continue to incur losses from operations and there can be no assurance that we will generate operating income in the foreseeable future. Currently, our only potential sources of revenues are upfront payments, research and development contingent payments and royalty payments pursuant to our collaboration arrangements, which may never materialize if our collaborators do not achieve certain events or generate net sales to which these contingent payments are dependent on. If our drug candidates fail or do not gain regulatory approval, or if our drugs do not achieve market acceptance, we may not be profitable. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $1.0 billion. The extent of our future losses or profitability, if any, is highly uncertain. 

36 

Table of Contents   

If our corporate collaborations or license agreements are unsuccessful, or if we fail to form new corporate collaborations or license agreements, our research and development efforts could be delayed. 

Our strategy depends upon the formation and sustainability of multiple collaborative arrangements and license agreements with third parties now and in the future. We rely on these arrangements for not only financial resources, but also for expertise we need now and in the future relating to clinical trials, manufacturing, sales and marketing, and for licenses to technology rights. To date, we have entered into several such arrangements with corporate collaborators; however, we do not know if these collaborations or additional collaborations with third parties, if any, will dedicate sufficient resources or if any development or commercialization efforts by third parties will be successful. In addition, our corporate collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a drug candidate or development program. Should a collaborative partner fail to develop or commercialize a compound or product to which it has rights from us for any reason, including corporate restructuring, such failure might delay our ongoing research and development efforts, because we might not receive any future payments, and we would not receive any royalties associated with such compound or product. We conducted a Phase 3 clinical program to study fostamatinib in ITP on our own. We may seek another collaborator or licensee in the future for clinical development and commercialization of fostamatinib, as well as our other clinical programs, which we may not be able to obtain on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to form new collaborations or enter into new license agreements, our research and development efforts could be delayed. In addition, the continuation of some of our partnered drug discovery and development programs may be dependent on the periodic renewal of our corporate collaborations. 

Each of our collaborations could be terminated by the other party at any time, and we may not be able to renew these collaborations on acceptable terms, if at all, or negotiate additional corporate collaborations on acceptable terms, if at all. If these collaborations terminate or are not renewed, any resultant loss of revenues from these collaborations or loss of the resources and expertise of our collaborative partners could adversely affect our business. 

Conflicts also might arise with collaborative partners concerning proprietary rights to particular compounds. While our existing collaborative agreements typically provide that we retain milestone payments and royalty rights with respect to drugs developed from certain derivative compounds, any such payments or royalty rights may be at reduced rates, and disputes may arise over the application of derivative payment provisions to such drugs, and we may not be successful in such disputes. Additionally, the management teams of our collaborators may change for various reasons including due to being acquired. Different management teams or an acquiring company of our collaborators may have different priorities which may have adverse results on the collaboration with us. 

We are also a party to various license agreements that give us rights to use specified technologies in our research and development processes. The agreements pursuant to which we have in-licensed technology permit our licensors to terminate the agreements under certain circumstances. If we are not able to continue to license these and future technologies on commercially reasonable terms, our product development and research may be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 

If conflicts arise between our collaborators or advisors and us, any of them may act in their self-interest, which may be adverse to our stockholders  interests. 

If conflicts arise between us and our corporate collaborators or scientific advisors, the other party may act in its self-interest and not in the interest of our stockholders. Some of our corporate collaborators are conducting multiple product development efforts within each disease area that is the subject of the collaboration with us or may be acquired or merged with a company having a competing program. In some of our collaborations, we have agreed not to conduct, independently or with any third party, any research that is competitive with the research conducted under our collaborations. Our collaborators, however, may develop, either alone or with others, products in related fields that are competitive with the products or potential products that are the subject of these collaborations. Competing products, either developed by our collaborators or to which our collaborators have rights, may result in their withdrawal of support for our product candidates. 

37 

Table of Contents   

If any of our corporate collaborators were to breach or terminate its agreement with us or otherwise fail to conduct the collaborative activities successfully and in a timely manner, the preclinical or clinical development or commercialization of the affected product candidates or research programs could be delayed or terminated. We generally do not control the amount and timing of resources that our corporate collaborators devote to our programs or potential products. We do not know whether current or future collaborative partners, if any, might pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products either on their own or in collaboration with others, including our competitors, as a means for developing treatments for the diseases targeted by collaborative arrangements with us. 

Our success is dependent on intellectual property rights held by us and third parties, and our interest in such rights is complex and uncertain.* 

Our success will depend to a large part on our own, our licensees  and our licensors  ability to obtain and defend patents for each party s respective technologies and the compounds and other products, if any, resulting from the application of such technologies. We have about 70 pending patent applications and about 342 issued and active patents in the United States, as well as corresponding pending foreign patent applications and issued foreign patents. In the future, our patent position might be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. For example, we may be involved in post-grant proceedings before the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Post-grant proceedings are complex and expensive legal proceedings and there is no assurance we will be successful in any such proceedings. A post-grant proceeding could result in our losing our patent rights and/or our freedom to operate and/or require us to pay significant royalties. Additional uncertainty may result because no consistent policy regarding the breadth of legal claims allowed in biotechnology patents has emerged to date. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims allowed in our or other companies  patents. 

Because the degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, we cannot assure you that: 

we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications;     

we were the first to file patent applications for these inventions;     

others will not independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies;     

any of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents;     

any patents issued to us or our collaborators will provide a basis for commercially-viable products or will provide us with any competitive advantages or will not be challenged by third parties;     

we will develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; or     

the patents of others will not have a negative effect on our ability to do business.     

We rely on trade secrets to protect technology where we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable; however, trade secrets are difficult to protect. While we require employees, collaborators and consultants to enter into confidentiality agreements, we may not be able to adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure or the lawful development by others of such information. 

We are a party to certain in-license agreements that are important to our business, and we generally do not control the prosecution of in-licensed technology. Accordingly, we are unable to exercise the same degree of control over this intellectual property as we exercise over our internally-developed technology. Moreover, some of our academic institution licensors, research collaborators and scientific advisors have rights to publish data and information in which we have rights. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our technology and other confidential information in connection with our collaborations, our ability to receive patent protection or protect our proprietary information may otherwise be impaired. In addition, some of the technology we have licensed relies on patented inventions developed using U.S. government resources. 

38 

Table of Contents   

The U.S. government retains certain rights, as defined by law, in such patents, and may choose to exercise such rights. Certain of our in-licenses may be terminated if we fail to meet specified obligations. If we fail to meet such obligations and any of our licensors exercise their termination rights, we could lose our rights under those agreements. If we lose any of our rights, it may adversely affect the way we conduct our business. In addition, because certain of our licenses are sublicenses, the actions of our licensors may affect our rights under those licenses. 

If a dispute arises regarding the infringement or misappropriation of the proprietary rights of others, such dispute could be costly and result in delays in our research and development activities and partnering. 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to operate without infringing or misappropriating the proprietary rights of others. There are many issued patents and patent applications filed by third parties relating to products or processes that are similar or identical to our licensors or ours, and others may be filed in the future. There may also be copyrights or trademarks that third parties hold. There can be no assurance that our activities, or those of our licensors, will not violate intellectual property rights of others. We believe that there may be significant litigation in the industry regarding patent and other intellectual property rights, and we do not know if our collaborators or we would be successful in any such litigation. Any legal action against our collaborators or us claiming damages or seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to the affected products, our methods or processes could: 

require our collaborators or us to obtain a license to continue to use, manufacture or market the affected products, methods or processes, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all;     

prevent us from using the subject matter claimed in the patents held by others;     

subject us to potential liability for damages;     

consume a substantial portion of our managerial and financial resources; and     

result in litigation or administrative proceedings that may be costly, whether we win or lose.     

Our ability to use net operating losses and certain other tax attributes is uncertain and may be limited. 

Our ability to use our federal and state net operating losses to offset potential future taxable income and related income taxes that would otherwise be due is dependent upon our generation of future taxable income before the expiration dates of the net operating losses, and we cannot predict with certainty when, or whether, we will generate sufficient taxable income to use all of our net operating losses. In addition, utilization of net operating losses to offset potential future taxable income and related income taxes that would otherwise be due is subject to annual limitations under the  ownership change  provisions of Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Internal Revenue Code) and similar state provisions, which may result in the expiration of net operating losses before future utilization. In general, under the Code, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change,  generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating losses and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research and development credit carryforwards) to offset its post-change taxable income or taxes may be limited. Our equity offerings and other changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, may have resulted or could in the future result in an ownership change. Although we have completed studies to provide reasonable assurance that an ownership change limitation would not apply, we cannot be certain that a taxing authority would reach the same conclusion. If, after a review or audit, an ownership change limitation were to apply, utilization of our domestic net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards could be limited in future periods and a portion of the carryforwards could expire before being available to reduce future income tax liabilities.  

Because we expect to be dependent upon collaborative and license agreements, we might not meet our strategic objectives. 

Our ability to generate revenue in the near term depends on the timing of recognition of certain upfront payments, achievement of certain payment triggering events with our existing collaboration agreements and our ability to   

39 

Table of Contents   

enter into additional collaborative agreements with third parties. Our ability to enter into new collaborations and the revenue, if any, that may be recognized under these collaborations is highly uncertain. If we are unable to enter into one or more new collaborations, our business prospects could be harmed, which could have an immediate adverse effect on our ability to continue to develop our compounds and on the trading price of our stock. Our ability to enter into a collaboration may be dependent on many factors, such as the results of our clinical trials, competitive factors and the fit of one of our programs with another company s risk tolerance, including toward regulatory issues, patent portfolio, clinical pipeline, the stage of the available data, particularly if it is early, overall corporate goals and financial position. 

To date, a portion of our revenues have been related to the research or transition phase of each of our collaborative agreements. Such revenues are for specified periods, and the impact of such revenues on our results of operations is at least partially offset by corresponding research costs. Following the completion of the research or transition phase of each collaborative agreement, additional revenues may come only from payments triggered by milestones and/or the achievement of other contingent events, and royalties, which may not be paid, if at all, until certain conditions are met. This risk is heightened due to the fact that unsuccessful research efforts may preclude us from receiving any contingent payments under these agreements. Our receipt of revenues from collaborative arrangements is also significantly affected by the timing of efforts expended by us and our collaborators and the timing of lead compound identification. We have received payments from our collaborations with Aclaris, BMS, AZ, BerGenBio, Janssen Pharmaceutica N.V., a division of Johnson   Johnson, Novartis Pharma A.G., Daiichi, Merck   Co., Inc., Merck Serono and Pfizer. Under many agreements, future payments may not be earned until the collaborator has advanced product candidates into clinical testing, which may never occur or may not occur until some time well into the future. If we are not able to generate revenue under our collaborations when and in accordance with our expectations or the expectations of industry analysts, this failure could harm our business and have an immediate adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

Our business requires us to generate meaningful revenue from royalties and licensing agreements. To date, we have not received any revenue from royalties for the commercial sale of drugs, and we do not know when we will receive any such revenue, if at all. 

Securities class action lawsuits or other litigation could result in substantial damages and may divert management s time and attention from our business. 

We have been subject to class action lawsuits in the past, including a securities class action lawsuit commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California in February 2009, that was ultimately dismissed in November 2012. However, we may be subject to similar or completely unrelated claims in the future, such as those that might occur if there was to be a change in our corporate strategy. These and other lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties, and the actual costs to be incurred relating to the lawsuit will depend upon many unknown factors. The outcome of litigation is necessarily uncertain, and we could be forced to expend significant resources in the defense of such suits, and we may not prevail. Monitoring and defending against legal actions is time-consuming for our management and detracts from our ability to fully focus our internal resources on our business activities. In addition, we may incur substantial legal fees and costs in connection with any such litigation. We have not established any reserves for any potential liability relating to any such potential lawsuits. It is possible that we could, in the future, incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages. A decision adverse to our interests on any such actions could result in the payment of substantial damages, or possibly fines, and could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial position. 

If our competitors develop technologies that are more effective than ours, our commercial opportunity will be reduced or eliminated. 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Many of the drugs that we are attempting to discover will be competing with existing therapies. In addition, a number of companies are pursuing the development of pharmaceuticals that target the same diseases and conditions that we are targeting. For example, there are existing therapies and drug candidates in development for the treatment of ITP that may be alternative therapies to fostamatinib, if it is ultimately approved for commercialization. We face, and will continue to face, intense competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as from academic and research institutions and government agencies, both in the United States and abroad. Some of these   

40 

Table of Contents   

competitors are pursuing the development of pharmaceuticals that target the same diseases and conditions as our research programs. Our major competitors include fully integrated pharmaceutical companies that have extensive drug discovery efforts and are developing novel small-molecule pharmaceuticals. We also face significant competition from organizations that are pursuing the same or similar technologies, including the discovery of targets that are useful in compound screening, as the technologies used by us in our drug discovery efforts. 

Competition may also arise from: 

new or better methods of target identification or validation;     

other drug development technologies and methods of preventing or reducing the incidence of disease;     

new small molecules; or     

other classes of therapeutic agents.     

Our competitors or their collaborative partners may utilize discovery technologies and techniques or partner with collaborators in order to develop products more rapidly or successfully than we or our collaborators are able to do. Many of our competitors, particularly large pharmaceutical companies, have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources and larger research and development staffs than we do. In addition, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection with respect to potentially competitive products or technologies and may establish exclusive collaborative or licensing relationships with our competitors. 

We believe that our ability to compete is dependent, in part, upon our ability to create, maintain and license scientifically-advanced technology and upon our and our collaborators  ability to develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products based on this technology, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, obtain patent protection or otherwise develop proprietary technology or processes and secure sufficient capital resources for the expected substantial time period between technological conception and commercial sales of products based upon our technology. The failure by any of our collaborators or us in any of those areas may prevent the successful commercialization of our potential drug targets. 

Many of our competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, have significantly greater experience than we do in: 

identifying and validating targets;     

screening compounds against targets; and     

undertaking preclinical testing and clinical trials.     

Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, identifying or validating new targets or discovering new drug compounds before we do. 

Our competitors might develop technologies and drugs that are more effective or less costly than any that are being developed by us or that would render our technology and product candidates obsolete and noncompetitive. In addition, our competitors may succeed in obtaining the approval of the FDA or other regulatory agencies for product candidates more rapidly. Companies that complete clinical trials, obtain required regulatory agency approvals and commence commercial sale of their drugs before us may achieve a significant competitive advantage, including certain patent and FDA marketing exclusivity rights that would delay or prevent our ability to market certain products. Any drugs resulting from our research and development efforts, or from our joint efforts with our existing or future collaborative partners, might not be able to compete successfully with competitors  existing or future products or obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere. 

41 

Table of Contents   

We face and will continue to face intense competition from other companies for collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, for establishing relationships with academic and research institutions and for licenses to additional technologies. These competitors, either alone or with their collaborative partners, may succeed in developing technologies or products that are more effective than ours. 

Our stock price may be volatile, and our stockholders  investment in our stock could decline in value. 

The market prices for our common stock and the securities of other biotechnology companies have been highly volatile and may continue to be highly volatile in the future. The following factors, in addition to other risk factors described in this section, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: 

the progress and success of our clinical trials and preclinical activities (including studies and manufacture of materials) of our product candidates conducted by us;     

the receipt or failure to receive the additional funding necessary to conduct our business;     

selling by large stockholders;     

presentations of detailed clinical trial data at medical and scientific conferences and investor perception thereof;     

announcements of technological innovations or new commercial products by our competitors or us;     

developments concerning proprietary rights, including patents;     

developments concerning our collaborations;     

publicity regarding actual or potential medical results relating to products under development by our competitors or us;     

regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries;     

litigation or arbitration;     

economic and other external factors or other disaster or crisis; and     

period-to-period fluctuations in financial results.     

If we fail to continue to meet the listing standards of NASDAQ, our common stock may be delisted, which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity of our common stock. 

Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC has requirements that a company must meet in order to remain listed on NASDAQ. In particular, NASDAQ rules require us to maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00 per share of our common stock. If the closing bid price of our common stock were to fall below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days or we do not meet other listing requirements, we would fail to be in compliance with NASDAQ s listing standards. There can be no assurance that we will continue to meet the minimum bid price requirement, or any other requirement in the future. If we fail to meet the minimum bid price requirement, The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC may initiate the delisting process with a notification letter. If we were to receive such a notification, we would be afforded a grace period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. In order to regain compliance, shares of our common stock would need to maintain a minimum closing bid price of at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading days. In addition, we may be unable to meet other applicable NASDAQ listing requirements, including maintaining minimum levels of stockholders  equity or market values of our common stock in which case, our common stock could be delisted. If our common stock were to be delisted, the liquidity of our common stock would be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decrease. 

42 

Table of Contents   

The vote by the United Kingdom (U.K.) electorate in favor of the U.K. s exit from the European Union (E.U.) could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.* 

The passage of the referendum on the U.K. s membership in the E.U., referred to as  Brexit,    in June 2016 resulted in a determination that the U.K. should exit the E.U. Such an exit from the E.U. could cause uncertainty in the credit markets and financial services industry which could result to lower interest paid on certain of our investments and the value of certain securities we hold may decline in the future, which could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow, as well as limit our future access to the capital markets. The Brexit could also cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding the business environment   in which we operate. For example, we conduct clinical trials in the U.K. and other E.U  . member states. Although the terms of U.K. s exit from and its future relationship with E.U. are unknown, it is possible that there will be increased regulatory complexities which can disrupt the timing of our clinical trials and regulatory approvals, if any, of our current and future product candidates.   

Our ability to generate revenues will be diminished if we or our collaborative partners fail to obtain acceptable prices or an adequate level of reimbursement for products from third-party payers or government agencies. 

The drugs we hope to develop may be rejected by the marketplace due to many factors, including cost. Our ability to commercially exploit a drug may be limited due to the continuing efforts of government and third-party payers to contain or reduce the costs of health care through various means. For example, in some foreign markets, pricing and profitability of prescription pharmaceuticals are subject to government control. In the United States, we expect that there will continue to be a number of federal and state proposals to implement similar government control. In addition, increasing emphasis on managed care in the United States will likely continue to put pressure on the pricing of pharmaceutical products. Cost control initiatives could decrease the price that we or any of our collaborators would receive for any products in the future. Further, cost control initiatives could adversely affect our and our collaborators  ability to commercialize our products and our ability to realize royalties from this commercialization. 

Our ability to commercialize pharmaceutical products with collaborators may depend, in part, on the extent to which reimbursement for the products will be available from: 

government and health administration authorities;     

private health insurers; and     

other third-party payers.     

Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly-approved healthcare products. Third-party payers, including Medicare, are challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. Government and other third-party payers increasingly are attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for new drugs and by refusing, in some cases, to provide coverage for uses of approved products for disease indications for which the FDA has not granted labeling approval. Third-party insurance coverage may not be available to patients for any products we discover and develop, alone or with collaborators. If government and other third-party payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for our products, the market acceptance of these products may be reduced. 

If product liability lawsuits are successfully brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our products. 

The testing and marketing of medical products entail an inherent risk of product liability. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our products. We carry product liability insurance that is limited in scope and amount and may not be adequate to fully protect us against product liability claims. Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of pharmaceutical products we develop, alone or with corporate collaborators. We, or our corporate collaborators, might not be able to obtain insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. While under various circumstances we are entitled to be indemnified against losses by our corporate collaborators, indemnification may not be available or   

43 

Table of Contents   

adequate should any claim arise. 

We depend on various scientific consultants and advisors for the success and continuation of our research and development efforts. 

We work extensively with various scientific consultants and advisors. The potential success of our drug discovery and development programs depends, in part, on continued collaborations with certain of these consultants and advisors. We, and various members of our management and research staff, rely on certain of these consultants and advisors for expertise in our research, regulatory and clinical efforts. Our scientific advisors are not our employees and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may limit their availability to us. We do not know if we will be able to maintain such consulting agreements or that such scientific advisors will not enter into consulting arrangements, exclusive or otherwise, with competing pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies, any of which would have a detrimental impact on our research objectives and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we use biological and hazardous materials in a manner that causes injury or violates laws, we may be liable for damages, penalties or fines. 

Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially harmful biological materials as well as hazardous materials, chemicals and various radioactive compounds. We cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages that result or for penalties or fines that may be imposed, and such liability could exceed our resources. We are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. The cost of compliance with, or any potential violation of, these laws and regulations could be significant. 

Our internal computer systems, or those used by our contract research organizations or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches. 

Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contract research organizations and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any such system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a disruption of our drug development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing clinical trials for a product candidate could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of any product candidates could be delayed. 

Our facilities are located near known earthquake fault zones, and the occurrence of an earthquake or other catastrophic disaster could cause damage to our facilities and equipment, which could require us to cease or curtail operations. 

Our facilities are located in the San Francisco Bay Area near known earthquake fault zones and are vulnerable to significant damage from earthquakes. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including fires, floods, power loss, communications failures and similar events. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our facilities would be seriously, or potentially completely, impaired, and our research could be lost or destroyed. In addition, the unique nature of our research activities and of much of our equipment could make it difficult for us to recover from a disaster. The insurance we maintain may not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from disasters or other business interruptions. 

Future equity issuances or a sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.* 

Because we will continue to need additional capital in the future to continue to expand our business and our   

44 

Table of Contents   

research and development activities, among other things, we may conduct additional equity offerings. For example, under the universal shelf registration statement filed by us in May 2015 and declared effective by the SEC in July 2015, we may offer and sell any combination of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in one or more offerings, up to a cumulative value of $150 million  .    If we or our stockholders sell, or if it is perceived that we or they will sell, substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares issued upon the exercise of options and warrants) in the public market, the market price of our common stock could fall. A decline in the market price of our common stock could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. In addition, future sales by us of our common stock may be dilutive to existing stockholders. Furthermore, if we obtain funds through a credit facility or through the issuance of debt or preferred securities, these securities would likely have rights senior to the rights of our common stockholders, which could impair the value of our common stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law may make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult. 

Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. These provisions: 

establish that members of the board of directors may be removed only for cause upon the affirmative vote of stockholders owning a majority of our capital stock;     

authorize the issuance of  blank check  preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt;     

limit who may call a special meeting of stockholders;     

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders;     

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings;     

provide for a board of directors with staggered terms; and     

provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by a resolution of our board of directors.     

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which imposes certain restrictions relating to transactions with major stockholders, may discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us.  

Item 2.        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None. 

Item 3.        Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4.        Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5.        Other Information 

None. 

45 

Table of Contents   

Item 6.      Exhibits   

The exhibits listed on the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference (as stated therein) as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

(3) 

Filed as an exhibit to Rigel s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-45864), as amended, and incorporated herein by reference.     

(6) 

Confidential treatment requested as to specific portions, which portions are omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.     

46 

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

By:  

/s/ RAUL R. RODRIGUEZ  

Raul R. Rodriguez  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date:  

November 1, 2016  

By:  

/s/ RYAN D. MAYNARD  

Ryan D. Maynard  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Date:  

November 1, 2016  

47 

Table of Contents   

INDEX TO EXHIBIT  S 

(3) 

Filed as an exhibit to Rigel s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-45864), as amended, and incorporated herein by reference.     

(6) 

Confidential treatment requested as to specific portions, which portions are omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.     

48 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 rigl-20160930ex1019d4c5c.htm
 EX-10.1

rigl_Ex10_1

Exhibit 10.1 

SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 

This Severance Agreement and General Release (hereinafter  Agreement ) is made and voluntarily entered into between Dr. Donald G. Payan ( Executive ) and Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., its affiliated companies, subsidiaries, agents, attorneys, successors, assigns, and representatives (hereinafter collectively, the  Company ).  The Company and Executive are collectively referred to herein as the  Parties.  

WHEREAS, per his resignation letter, Executive s employment with the Company terminated effective September 15, 2016; 

WHEREAS, Executive and Company have agreed to severance terms and conditions identical to those listed in the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Executive and Company effective January 1, 2011 (terms and conditions incorporated by this reference); 

WHEREAS, Executive is not aware of any work-related injury or illness that has not already been disclosed to the Company;   

WHEREAS, Executive represents that Executive has not initiated, and is not aware of, any action in any forum, including any state or federal court or agency, on his behalf that involves the Company;   

WHEREAS, in exchange for the separation compensation stated herein, Executive releases the Company from any claims arising from or related to the employment relationship and the termination thereof;   

WHEREAS, Executive has agreed to resolve any and all disputes, claims, complaints, grievances, charges, actions, petitions and demands that Executive may have, including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising or in any way related to Executive s employment with, or termination from, the Company; 

WHERE AS, Executive also understands that in order to receive severance compensation under this Agreement, Executive must sign and return this Agreement to Dolly Vance, Executive Vice President and General Counsel on or before October 7, 2016 and not revoke the Agreement as set forth below.  

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, it is hereby agreed by and between the Parties as follows: 

1.    Company s Consideration  .   

a.  In consideration for the release of all claims as set forth below and other obligations under this Agreement, and upon Executive s delivery on or before October 7, 2016 to Dolly Vance, Executive Vice President and General Counsel, of a fully signed original of this Agreement and does not revoke this Agreement as described below, the Company shall, (i) pay Executive a lump sum payment of $1,397,668.15 (one million three hundred ninety seven thousand six hundred sixty eight dollars and fifteen cents; equal to two years of Executive s current base salary plus 200% of Eligible Bonus (average of last two years bonus percentage [42.5%] times current bonus target of 50%), subject to withholdings and deductions; (ii) accelerate vesting of all outstanding equity awards, (iii) modify the post-termination exercise period of such equity awards until the earlier of (a) the original end of the term of each such award (generally 10 years from the date of grant) or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the date of the termination of employment (September 15, 2017), and (iv) if Executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (together with any applicable state law of similar effect,    COBRA   ), the Company shall pay to Executive, beginning on the 45  th   day following termination an amount equal to the cost for those first 45 days and on the first day of each month thereafter, a fully taxable cash payment, equal to the applicable COBRA premiums (including premiums for Executive and his eligible dependents who have elected and remain enrolled in such COBRA coverage), subject to applicable tax withholdings, for a number of   

1 

months equal to the lesser of (x) the duration of the period in which Executive and his eligible dependents are enrolled in such COBRA coverage (and not otherwise covered by another employer s group health plan that does not impose an applicable preexisting condition exclusion) and (y) eighteen (18) months, which Executive may, but is not obliged to, use toward payment of COBRA coverage.  Such extension of exercise term shall be made no sooner than the seventh day and no later than the twelfth day following the Company s receipt of a signed copy of this Agreement, provided that Executive does not revoke this Agreement by the means identified below.  

b.  Executive agrees that the foregoing acceleration of unvested stock options, extension of term to exercise stock options and eligibility for cash bonus, hereinafter called  Severance Benefits , shall constitute the entire amount of monetary consideration provided to Executive under this Agreement and that Executive will not seek any further compensation for any claimed damages, costs or attorney s fees in connection with the matters encompassed by this Agreement.   

2.    Tax Indemnification  . Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company has made no representations or warranties regarding the tax consequences of any amounts paid by the Company pursuant to this Agreement.  Executive agrees to pay all federal or state taxes owed by Executive, if any, which are required by law to be paid with respect to the payments herein.  Executive further agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any taxes owed by Executive, including interest or penalties owed by Executive, on account of this Agreement.  Executive further agrees to reimburse Company for any attorney s fees and costs incurred by Company as a result of having to obtain indemnification under this Agreement.   

3.    Effective Dates  . The  Effective Date  of this Agreement is the date it is signed by Executive and not revoked within seven (7) calendar days after signing as described in Paragraph 7, below.  The  Effective Date  of the ADEA is 12:01 a.m. on the eighth (8th) calendar day from the signature date. 

4.    Consent to Amendment of Incentive Stock Options.   Executive holds certain options to purchase common stock of the Company, which were granted pursuant to the Company s 2000 Equity Incentive Plan and 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plans   ) and, as of September 15, 2016, such options will not be all vested, and the remaining vested options would not be exercisable for a period longer than three (3) months from the date of termination of Executive s continuous service with the Company (the    Options   ).  Certain of the Options are "incentive stock options" (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the    Code   )).  Executive s continuous service with the Company will terminate effective the end of day September 15, 2016 (the    Separation Date   ).  With this Agreement, the relevant Stock Option Agreements are amended so that all Options are fully vested on the Effective Date and the exercise period for all of the Options is extended as described in paragraph 1.a (iii) (the    Amendment   ).  The Amendment impacts the status of some of the Options that are incentive stock options, as summarized in this Paragraph 4 and the attached Exhibit B.    The Plans permit t  he Board to amend the terms of the Options, but provides that Executive s rights and obligations under the Options shall not be impaired by any such amendment unless the Company obtains Executive s consent and Executive consents to the amendment in writing. Executive acknowledges that because the Amendment adversely impacts the incentive stock option status of many of the Options, the Amendment will not be effective as to the Options unless and until Executive consents to the Amendment, as part of this Agreement.   Executive understands that Executive is under no obligation to consent to the Amendment.  Executive acknowledges that she has read this Paragraph 4 and attached Exhibit B and has had sufficient time to review and discuss this matter.  Executive further understands that this Paragraph 4 and Exhibit B are intended as a brief summary of the amendment to the Options and, thus, if there is any inconsistency between the information included in this Paragraph 4 and the   Options  , the terms of the   Options   shall govern.    Executive acknowledges that the Amendment shall not override any contrary provision in the terms of the Options, the applicable Plan and option agreement under which the Options were granted that would provide for earlier termination of any Options in connection with a corporate transaction, change in control, or other similar transaction, and that in any event, the Options may not be exercised beyond their original termination date.   Executive acknowledges that neither the Company nor its agents have recommended or influenced his decision to consent to the amendment of the Options.  Executive further acknowledges that she has had the opportunity to seek independent advice regarding this matter from his legal counsel and tax advisor and she is not relying on any tax advice from the Company or its agents. After due consideration of the above, by signing and not revoking this Agreement, Executive agrees to the Amendment of all of the Options as described in this Paragraph 4. 

2 

5.    Payment in Full  . Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has received all salary, wages, accrued vacation, bonuses, commissions, expense reimbursements, or other such sums due to Executive other than amounts to be paid pursuant to this Agreement.  In light of the payment by the Company of all wages due, the Parties further acknowledge and agree that California Labor Code   206.5 is not violated by virtue of Executives execution of this Agreement.  That section provides in pertinent part as follows: 

No employer shall require the execution of any release of any claim or right on account of wages due, or to become due, or made as an advance on wages to be earned, unless payment of such wages has been made. 

6.    Release of Claims  .  In consideration for the Company s promises and premium contributions set forth above, executive agrees (except as otherwise indicated in the final paragraph of this Paragraph 6) to forever and fully release and discharge the Company, defined to include its successors, affiliates, subsidiaries, assigns, executives, directors, employees, managers, officers, investors, insurers, and attorneys, from all claims and damages of every kind and nature, known and unknown, which exist or can arise out of Executive s employment and/or termination of employment with the Company, through and including the date of his signing of this Agreement.  This release includes, but is not limited to, any rights or claims arising under the California Constitution; California statutory and common law (including contract law, employment law and tort law); the California Fair Employment and Housing Act; the California Labor Code; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA); Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Americans with Disabilities Act; federal and state family leave statutes; and any and all other federal, state and local laws, statutes, executive orders, regulations and common law; any claim for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the non-withholding or other tax treatment of any of the proceeds received by Executive as a result of this Agreement; any and all claims for attorneys  fees and costs; and any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Executive s right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law.  Executive and the Company agree that this is a compromise settlement of all such claims and therefore, this Agreement does not constitute any admission of liability on the part of the Company.  

Executive further agrees and acknowledges that the release provided for in this Section shall apply to all unknown and unanticipated injuries and/or damages (as well as those now disclosed).  Executive acknowledges and understands that Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California provides as follows: 

A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his/her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him/her must have materially affected his/her settlement with the debtor. 

Being aware of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, Executive by signing this Agreement expressly waives the provisions of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code and any other similar provisions of law that may be applicable. 

Notwithstanding the release of claims otherwise provided for in this Section of the Agreement, it is expressly understood that nothing in this Agreement will prevent Executive from filing a charge of discrimination with any state or federal agency, including but not limited to the National Labor Relations Board or the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any of its state or local deferral agencies, or participating in any investigation by the National Labor Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any of its state or local deferral agencies, although Executive understands and agrees that by signing this Agreement she waives his right (if any) to any monetary or other recovery should any governmental agency or other third party pursue any claims on Executive s behalf, either individually, or as part of any class, collective or representative action.  Further, it is expressly understood that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to be a waiver by Executive of any benefit that vested in any benefit plan prior to his termination date or as a waiver of his right to continue any benefit in accordance with the terms of a benefit plan.  Likewise nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to waive any right that is not subject to waiver by private agreement, including any right that Executive may have under California Labor Code Section 2802 to indemnification of any employee expenses or losses incurred in discharging his duties.  It is also expressly understood that nothing in this Agreement shall in any way prohibit Executive from bringing any complaint, claim or action seeking   

3 

to challenge the validity of this Agreement and/or bringing any complaint claim or action alleging a breach of this Agreement by the Company. 

7.    Acknowledgement of Waiver of Claims Under ADEA  .  Executive acknowledges waiving and releasing any rights under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ( ADEA ) and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary.  Executive and the Company agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement.  Executive acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled.  Executive further acknowledges notice by this writing that: 

(a)  Executive should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; 

(b)  Executive has up to twenty-one (21) calendar days within which to consider this Agreement; 

(c)  Executive has seven (7) calendar days following Executive s execution of this Agreement to revoke the Agreement;  

(d)  the ADEA waiver in this Agreement shall not be effective until the seven (7) day revocation period has expired; and 

(e)  nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Executive from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law;  

(f)  Executive understands that, notwithstanding any contrary language in this Agreement, rights or claims that may not be released, waived or compromised by private agreement are not waived, and that nothing in this Agreement prevents him from filing any charges or claims with the EEOC, the NLRB or any other federal agency, or from participating fully in any investigation or matter pending before any state or federal agency. 

(g)  in order to revoke this Agreement, Executive must deliver to   Dolly Vance   s attention at the following address a written revocation before 12:00 a.m. (midnight) p.s.t. on the seventh calendar day following the date Executive signs the Agreement: 

Dolly Vance 

Executive Vice President and General Counsel 

1180 Veterans Boulevard 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

Fax: 650-624-1101 

8.    No Pending or Future Lawsuits  . Executive attests that Executive has not filed any lawsuits, administrative complaints or made any other charges, either in Executive s name or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company in any local, state or federal court or with any local, state, federal or administrative agency.  Executive further represents that Executive will not bring any action in the future in which Executive seeks to recover any damages from the Company relating to or arising from Executive s employment or the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, other than an action to enforce Executive s rights under this Agreement.  If any organization (governmental or nongovernmental) brings an action against the Company for any reason, and any money or other benefit is given to Executive as a result of the action, Executive agrees to give the proceeds of said action given to Executive to the Company.   

9.    Confidentiality  . Executive understands that the terms and existence of this Agreement are personal to Executive and that maintaining the confidential nature of this Agreement is a material term of the Agreement.  Executive covenants that Executive has not disclosed and will not disclose the existence or terms of this Agreement to anyone other than Executive s spouse, registered domestic partner, attorney, and accountant.  It is further provided that   

4 

any party hereto may make such disclosures as is required by law and as is necessary for legitimate law enforcement or compliance purposes.   

10.    Liquidated Damages  . The Parties acknowledge and agree that the time and expense involved in proving actual damages of the confidentiality agreement set forth in Paragraph 9 render any breach appropriate for liquidated damages.  Accordingly, in lieu of requiring actual proof of damages or losses, the Parties agree that the liquidated damage for any breach of the confidentiality agreement (but not as a penalty), the Executive shall pay the Company the sum of $1,000.  This liquidated damage amount shall be enforceable pursuant to final and binding arbitration as set forth below.  The party seeking liquidated damages shall have the burden of proof by a preponderance of the evidence.  Attorneys  fees and costs shall be awarded to the prevailing party.  Neither the breach of the confidentiality agreement nor the payment of liquidated damages shall affect the continuing validity or enforceability of this Agreement.   

11.    Future Employment  . While Executive is free to apply for future positions with the Company, Executive understands and agrees that Executive will not receive any special treatment or position in the reapplication process.   

12.    Non-Disclosure of Confidential and Proprietary Information  . Executive specifically acknowledges that Executive s employment with the Company created a relationship of trust between Executive and the Company with respect to any information of a confidential or secret nature of which Executive became aware during the period of his employment and which (i) relates to the business of the Company, or to the business of any customer or supplier of the Company; or (ii) is processed by the Company and has been created, discovered, or developed by, or has otherwise become known to the Company that has commercial value to the business in which the Company is engaged.  All said information is herein called  Proprietary Information.   By way of illustration, and not in limitation, proprietary information includes trade secrets, patents, patent applications, inventions, processes, computer programs, data, know how, strategies, forecasts, customer lists, pricing, policies, operational procedures, staffing, billing, and collection practices, contract provisions, philosophies or other intellectual property rights of the Company.  At all times Executive will keep in confidence and trust all such proprietary information and will not use or disclose any such Proprietary Information or anything relating to it without the written consent of the Company.  Executive hereby agrees that all Proprietary Information shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company and its assigns.  Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive s Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement with the Company remains in full force and effect and is unaffected by this Agreement. 

13.    Return of Company Property  . Within five (5) days of Executive s signing this agreement, Executive will deliver to the Company all property, documents, data, and proprietary information of any nature pertaining to the Company or its affiliated companies.  Executive also affirms that Executive has not taken from the Company or its affiliated companies any documents or data of any description or any reproduction containing or pertaining to any Proprietary Information nor has Executive utilized nor will Executive utilize Proprietary Information outside of Executive s duties as an Executive of the Company. 

14.    Non-Disparagement  . Executive agrees to refrain from communicating any disparaging, derogatory, libelous, or scandalous statements to any third party regarding the Company, including its employees.  Executive further agrees to refrain from tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of the Company.  Executive further agrees that Executive shall not act, in any way, as an agent of the Company, or state or imply that Executive has any authority to bind the Company. 

15.     No Admission of Liability  . This Agreement and compliance with this Agreement shall not be construed as an admission by the Company of any liability whatsoever, or as an admission by the Company of any violation of the rights of Executive or any person, or of the violation of any order, law, statute, duty, or contract whatsoever against Executive or any person.  The Company specifically disclaims any liability to Executive or any other person for any alleged violation of the rights of Executive or any person, or for any alleged violation of any order, law, statute, duty, or contract on the part of the Company, its employees or agents or related companies or their employees or agents. 

5 

16.    No Representations  . Each party represents that it has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney, and has carefully read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement.  The Parties hereto further represent and acknowledge that in executing this Agreement they do not rely and have not relied upon any representation or statement made by any of the Parties or by any of the Parties' agents, attorneys, or representatives with regard to the subject matter, basis, or effect of the Agreement or otherwise, other than those specifically stated in this written Agreement. 

17.    Final and Binding  . This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties hereto and upon their heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors, and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of said Parties and each of them and to their heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors, and assigns.  Executive expressly warrants that such Executive has not transferred to any person or entity any rights, causes of action, or claims released in the Agreement. 

18.    Severability  . Should any provision of this Agreement be found by a court of competent jurisdiction or an arbitrator to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable or void, that provision shall be considered severable and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect without said provision. 

19.    Entire Agreement  . With the exception of any agreement with the Company pertaining to proprietary, trade secret, or other confidential information, which shall remain in full force and effect, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties hereto concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and fully supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings, written or oral, between the Parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof. 

20.    Plain Meaning  . This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the plain meaning of its terms and not strictly for or against any of the Parties hereto. 

21.    Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be deemed to have been executed and delivered within the State of California, and it shall be construed, interpreted, governed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the State of California s conflict of law principles. 

22.    No Knowledge of Wrongdoing  .  Executive represents that Executive has no knowledge of any wrongdoing involving a federal or state governmental agency, or any other wrongdoing that involves Executive or other present or former Company employees. 

23.    Costs  .  The Parties shall each bear their own attorneys  fees and other fees incurred in connection with this Agreement. 

24.    Arbitration  . The Parties agree that any dispute regarding any aspect of this Agreement, including the confidentiality provisions, shall be submitted exclusively to final and binding arbitration before a mutually agreed upon arbitrator in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act ( FAA ), 9 U.S.C.    1,   et seq  .  In the event the FAA does not apply for any reason, then the arbitration will proceed pursuant to the California Arbitration Act, California Code of Civil Procedure    1280,   et seq  .  The arbitrator shall be empowered to award any appropriate relief, including remedies at law, in equity or injunctive relief.  Arbitration proceedings shall be held in San Francisco, California or at any other location mutually agreed upon by the Parties.  The Parties agree that this arbitration shall be the exclusive means of resolving any dispute under this Agreement and that no other action will be brought by them in any court or other forum.  If the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator, then an arbitrator will be selected using the alternate striking method from a list of five (5) neutral arbitrators provided by JAMS (Judicial Arbitration   Mediation Services).  Executive will have the option of making the first strike.  Each Party will pay the fees for their own counsel, subject to any remedies to which that party may later be entitled under applicable law.  However, in all cases where required by applicable law, the Company will pay the arbitrator s fees and the arbitration costs.  If under applicable law the Company is not required to pay the arbitrator s fees and the arbitration costs, then such fees and costs will be apportioned equally between each set of adverse parties. 

6 

25.    Authority  . The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company and all that may claim through it, to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Executive represents and warrants that Executive has the capacity to act on Executive s own behalf, and on behalf of all others, to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Each party warrants and represents that there are no liens or claims of lien, or assignments in law or equity or otherwise, of or against any of the claims or causes of action released herein.   

26.    No Waiver  .  The failure of any party to insist upon the performance of any of the terms and conditions in this Agreement, or the failure to prosecute any breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall not be construed thereafter as a waiver of any such terms or conditions.  This entire Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as if no such forbearance or failure of performance had occurred. 

27.    No Oral Modification  .  Any modification or amendment of this Agreement, or additional obligation assumed by either party in connection with this Agreement, shall be effective only if placed in writing and signed by both Parties or by authorized representatives of each party.  No provision of this Agreement can be changed, altered, modified, or waived except by an executed writing by the Parties. 

28.    Attorneys  Fees  .  In the event that either Party brings an action to enforce or affect its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including the costs of mediation, arbitration, litigation, and court fees, plus reasonable attorneys  fees, incurred in connection with such an action, provided that such recovery is consistent with applicable law. 

29.    Counterparts  . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and each counterpart, when executed, shall have the efficacy of a second original.  Photographic copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the original for any purpose. 

30.    Voluntary Execution of Agreement  .  This Agreement is executed voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Parties hereto, with the full intent of releasing all claims.  The Parties acknowledge that: 

(a)  they have read this Agreement; 

(b)  they have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of their own choice or that they have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel; 

(c)  they understand the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains; and 

(d)  they are fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. 

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below. 

For Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

Dated:  

September 15, 2016  

/s/ Dolly Vance  

Title: General Counsel, EVP, Corp. Affairs  

8 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 rigl-20160930ex102410c24.htm
 EX-10.2

rigl_Ex10_2

Exhibit 10.2 

September 12, 2016 

Eldon Mayer 

[Address omitted] 

Re:  Offer and Employment Terms 

Dear Eldon: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) is pleased to offer you the position EVP, Chief Commercial Officer, reporting to me, Raul Rodriguez, on the following terms.  Please take the next few days to carefully review the terms, and let us know if you have any questions. 

If you accept this offer (the "Agreement"), your annual salary will be $385,000 (three hundred and eighty-five thousand dollars), less all required withholdings and any voluntary payroll deductions, which salary will be reviewed periodically.  In addition, you will be eligible for a company bonus of 50%, based on Company goals. You will be eligible for the Company s standard benefits, including medical insurance, vacation, sick leave, and holidays.  Additionally, under the Company's Amended and Restated Change of Control Severance Plan (attached hereto-see Appendix A for precise terms), you will qualify for a severance of 2.5x (salary + eligible bonus) under certain conditions. The Company may modify compensation and benefits from time to time, as it deems necessary.  

Additionally, the Compensation Committee will grant you the following inducement equity grant after commencement of your employment: an option to purchase (1) 300,000 (three hundred thousand) shares of the Company's common stock, which has a four year vesting period initiated on your start-date 1/4  th   (one-fourth) of the shares vest one year after your hire date, and 1/48  th    (one forty-eighth) of the shares vest monthly thereafter over the next three years ( time-based option grant ), and (2) 100,000 (one-hundred thousand) shares of the Company s common stock, which has a 2 year vesting period, where the 2 year vesting period initiates for 50,000 (fifty thousand) of these options upon the achievement of the performance goal of [*] and the 2 year vesting period of 50,000 of these options initiates upon the achievement of the performance goal of [*] ( performance-based option grant ).  The strike price for the time-based and performance-based option grants shall be the same as the close price on NASDAQ, the day prior to the date that the Compensation Committee makes the grant.  

Additionally, within 30 days of commencement of your employment, you will receive a sign-on bonus in the amount of $60,000 (sixty thousand dollars), less all required withholdings. Should you voluntarily terminate employment less than 12 months from your date of hire, you agree to repay, in full, the sign-on bonus amount of $60,000. 

As a Rigel employee, you will be expected to sign and comply with the Company Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 1, which prohibits unauthorized use or disclosure of Company proprietary information.   You will be responsible for all duties customarily associated with this position. You will work at our facility located at 1180 Veterans Boulevard, South San Francisco, California. Of course, the Company may change your position, duties and work location from time to time, as it deems necessary. 

You may terminate your employment with the Company at any time and for any reason whatsoever simply by notifying the Company. Likewise, the Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause or advance notice.   This at-will employment relationship cannot be changed except in a writing signed by a Company officer. 

[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

1 

You agree that, for one (1) year following the termination of your employment with the Company, you will not personally initiate or participate in the solicitation of any employee of the Company or any of its affiliates to terminate his or her relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates in order to become an employee for any other person or business entity. 

To ensure rapid and economical resolution of any disputes which may arise under this Agreement, you and the Company agree that any and all disputes or controversies, whether of law or fact of any nature whatsoever  (including, but not limited to, all state and federal statutory and discrimination claims), with the sole exception of those disputes which may arise from your Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement,  arising from or regarding  your  employment or the termination thereof, or the interpretation, performance, enforcement  or breach of this Agreement  shall be resolved  by confidential, final and binding arbitration under the then-existing Rules of Practice  and Procedure  of Judicial  Arbitration and Mediation  Services, Inc. (JAMS), which shall be conducted in San Francisco, California. 

This Agreement, including Exhibit 1, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the terms and conditions of your employment. This Agreement is entered into without reliance upon any promise, warranty or representation, written or oral, other than those expressly contained herein, and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties, representations or agreements. It may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by you and a duly authorized representative of the Company.   If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination will not affect any other provision of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California and shall be deemed drafted by both parties.  As required by law, this offer is subject to satisfactory proof of your right to work in the United States. 

We are very excited about your joining our team and being part of Rigel's plan for success.  As discussed, we expect your start date to be on or around October 10  th  .  Please formalize your acceptance by providing us with your signature on this letter and the Exhibit 1. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Raul Rodriguez 

Raul Rodriguez 

CEO, Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Accepted: 

/s/ Eldon Mayer   

Eldon Mayer  

2 

APPENDIX A 

FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN 

Section 1.                  INTRODUCTION. 

The Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the    Plan   ) was originally established effective December 17, 2007 and was amended and restated effective November 13, 2008.  The purpose of the Plan is to provide for the payment of severance benefits to certain eligible executives of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the    Company   ) who meet the eligibility criteria set forth in Section 2(a) below.  This Plan supersedes any severance plan, policy or practice with respect to Qualifying Terminations (as defined below), whether formal or informal, written or unwritten, previously announced or maintained by the Company.  This Plan document also is the Summary Plan Description for the Plan.  The Company hereby amends and restates the Plan in its entirety effective January 1, 2011 as set forth herein. 

Section 2.                  ELIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS. 

(a)               General Rules.    Subject to the requirements of the Plan, the Company will grant the severance benefits described in Section 3 to Eligible Employees. 

(1)               Definition of  Eligible Employee.     For purposes of this Plan, an Eligible Employee is an employee of the Company serving as an Executive Officer (as defined in 3b-7 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and qualifying for treatment as an officer under Section 16 of the Security Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) at the time he or she suffers a  Qualifying Termination  (as defined below).  The Plan Administrator shall make the determination of whether an employee is an Eligible Employee, and such determination shall be binding and conclusive on all persons.  Temporary employees and independent contractors are not eligible for severance benefits under the Plan. 

(2)               Obligations of Eligible Employees.    In order to receive any benefits under the Plan: 

(i)                the Eligible Employee must remain on the job and satisfactorily provide services to the Company until his or her date of termination; 

(ii)               the Eligible Employee must execute and return to the Company a general waiver and release in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, Exhibit B or Exhibit C, as applicable, within the time frame set forth therein (the    Release   ) and such release must become effective in accordance with its terms but not later than the 60th day following the termination of employment (with the Company having the authority, in its discretion, to modify the form of the required release to comply with applicable law and to determine the form of the required release, which may be incorporated into a termination agreement or other agreement with the Eligible Employee) and notwithstanding the payment schedules set forth in Appendix A, no benefits will be paid prior to the effective date of the Release but rather on the first regular payroll pay day following the effective date of the Release, the Company will pay the Eligible Employee the benefits the Eligible Employee would otherwise have received on or prior to such date but for the delay in payment related to the effectiveness of the Release, with the balance of the benefits being paid as originally scheduled; and 

(iii)             the Eligible Employee must remain in compliance with his or her continuing obligations to the Company, including obligations under his or her Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement (such form, or any similar form, the    Proprietary Agreement   ). 

(b)               Exceptions to Benefit Entitlement.    An employee who otherwise is an Eligible Employee will not receive benefits under the Plan (or will receive reduced benefits under the Plan) in the following circumstances, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion: 

3 

(1)               The employee is covered by any other severance or separation pay plan, policy or practice of the Company or has executed an individually negotiated employment contract or agreement with the Company relating to severance benefits, in either case with respect to severance benefits payable upon an event that constitutes a Qualifying Termination (used herein as defined herein), and such agreement, plan, policy or practice is in effect on his or her termination date.  In such case, the employee s severance benefit upon a Qualifying Termination, if any, shall be governed by the terms of such agreement, plan, policy or practice and shall be governed by this Plan only to the extent that (i) the employee elects to waive and release all claims and rights the employee has to severance pay or benefits upon a Qualifying Termination under such agreement, plan, policy, or practice or (ii) the reduction pursuant to Section 3(c) below does not entirely eliminate benefits under this Plan. 

(2)               The employee s employment terminates other than as a result of a Qualifying Termination (including a termination for Cause prior to the effective date of a previously scheduled Qualifying Termination, a termination as a result of death or disability, or the employee voluntarily terminates employment with the Company other than as a Resignation for Good Reason.  Voluntary terminations include, but are not limited to, resignation, retirement, failure to return from a leave of absence on the scheduled date and/or termination in order to accept employment with another entity (including but not limited to any entity that is wholly or partly owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company or an affiliate of the Company.)). 

(3)               The employee has not signed an enforceable Proprietary Agreement covering the employee s period of employment with the Company (and with any predecessor) and does not confirm in writing that he or she is and shall remain subject to the terms of that Proprietary Agreement. 

(4)               Following notice of a Qualifying Termination, the employee s behavior rises to level of Cause for termination. 

(c)               An involuntary termination without    Cause    means an involuntary termination of an employee s employment by the Company other than as a result of death or disability and other than for one of the following reasons: 

(1)               an intentional action or intentional failure to act by the employee that was performed in bad faith and to the material detriment of the business of the Company or an Employer; 

(2)               an employee s intentional refusal or intentional failure to act in accordance with any lawful and reasonable order of his or her superiors that has not been cured within ten (10) days after written notice from the Company, or that has caused irreparable damage incapable of cure; 

(3)               an employee s habitual or gross neglect of the duties of employment that has not been cured within ten (10) days after written notice from the Company, or that has caused irreparable damage incapable of cure; 

(4)               an employee s indictment, charge, or conviction of a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude, or participation in any act of theft or dishonesty, in each case, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material detrimental effect on the business of the Company; or 

(5)               an employee s violation of any material provision of the Proprietary Agreement or violation of any material provision of any other written Company policy or procedure. 

(d)               A    Change of Control    means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

(1)               a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to an entity, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders   

4 

of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease or other disposition; 

(2)               a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; or 

(3)               any  Exchange Act Person  becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. 

(e)               An    Exchange Act Person        means any natural person, entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), except that  Exchange Act Person  shall not include (1) the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, (2) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, (3) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, (4) an entity owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company; or (5) any natural person, entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that, as of the effective date of this Plan, is the owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 

(f)                A    Qualifying Termination    means an involuntary termination without Cause or a Resignation for Good Reason and in either case provided such termination is a separation from service  (as such term is defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations) and such termination occurs on or within eighteen (18) months following the effective date of the Change of Control. 

(g)               A    Resignation for Good Reason     means the Eligible Employee has resigned from all positions he or she then-holds with the Company (or any successor thereto): 

(1)               one of the following actions has been taken: 

(i)                there is a material diminution of Eligible Employee s authority  ,   including but not limited to decision-making authority  ,   duties, or responsibilities; 

(ii)               there is a material reduction in the Eligible Employee s annual base compensation (including the base salary and target bonus opportunity),     where material is considered greater than 5%; 

(iii)             the Eligible Employee is required to relocate his or her primary work location to a facility or location that would increase the Eligible Employee s one way commute distance by more than twenty (20)     miles from the Eligible Employee s primary work location as of immediately prior to such change; 

(iv)              A material diminution in the authority, duties, or responsibilities of the supervisor to whom the Eligible Employee is required to report  ,   including a requirement that the Eligible Employee report to a corporate officer or employee instead of reporting directly to the board of directors of a corporation (or similar governing body with respect to an entity other than a corporation); 

(v)                A material diminution in the     budget     over which the Eligible Employee retains authority; 

5 

(vi)              the Eligible Employee is required, as a condition to continued service, to enter into any agreement with the Company or a successor thereto regarding confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar restrictive covenant that is materially more restrictive than under the Proprietary Agreement; 

(vii)             the Company materially breaches its obligations under this Plan or any then-effective written employment agreement with the Eligible Employee; or 

(viii)            any acquirer, successor or assign of the Company fails to assume and perform, in all material respects, the obligations of the Company hereunder; and 

(2)               the Eligible Employee provides written notice to the Company s General Counsel within the 60-day period immediately following such action; and 

(3)               such action is not remedied by the Company within thirty (30) days following the Company s receipt of such written notice; and 

(4)               the Eligible Employee s resignation is effective not later than sixty (60) days after the expiration of such thirty (30) day cure period. 

Section 3.                  AMOUNT OF BENEFIT. 

(a)               Severance Benefits.    Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the severance benefits that shall be provided to Eligible Employees under the Plan are set forth in Appendix A. 

(b)               Additional Benefits.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, authorize benefits in an amount in addition to those benefits set forth in Section 3(a) to an Eligible Employee.  The provision of any such benefits to an Eligible Employee shall in no way obligate the Company to provide such benefits to any other Eligible Employee or to any other employee, even if similarly situated.  Receipt of benefits under this Plan pursuant to such exceptions may be subject to a covenant of confidentiality and non-disclosure. 

(c)               Certain Reductions.    The Company shall reduce an Eligible Employee s severance benefits under this Plan, in whole or in part, by any other severance benefits, pay in lieu of notice, or other similar benefits payable to the Eligible Employee by the Company in connection with the Eligible Employee s Qualifying Termination, including but not limited to any payments or benefits that are due pursuant to (i) any other severance plan, policy or practice, or any individually negotiated employment contract or agreement with the Company relating to severance benefits, in each case, as is in effect on the Eligible Employee s termination date, (ii) any applicable legal requirement, including, without limitation, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (the    WARN Act   ), or (iii) any Company policy or practice providing for the Eligible Employee to remain on the payroll without being in active service for a limited period of time after being given notice of the termination of the Eligible Employee s employment.  The benefits provided under this Plan are intended to satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, any and all statutory obligations that may arise out of an Eligible Employee s termination of employment, and the Plan Administrator shall so construe and implement the terms of the Plan.  In the Company s sole discretion, such reductions may be applied on a retroactive basis, with severance benefits previously paid being recharacterized as payments pursuant to the Company s statutory obligation. 

(d)               Parachute Payments.   If any payment or benefit an Eligible Employee would receive pursuant to a Change in Control from the Company or otherwise (   Payment   ) would (i) constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the    Code   ), and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the    Excise Tax   ), then such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount.  The    Reduced Amount    shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in the   

6 

Eligible Employee s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so that the Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the manner that results in the greatest economic benefit for the Eligible Employee.  If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata. 

In the event it is subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service that some portion of the Reduced Amount as determined pursuant to clause (x) in the preceding paragraph is subject to the Excise Tax, the Eligible Employee agrees to promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment so that no portion of the Reduced Amount is subject to the Excise Tax.  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (y) in the preceding paragraph, the Eligible Employee will have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

Unless the Eligible Employee and the Company agree on an alternative accounting firm or law firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax compliance purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in Control shall perform the foregoing calculations.  If the accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change in Control, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting or law firm to make the determinations required hereunder.  The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or law firm required to be made hereunder. 

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the accounting or law firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Eligible Employee and the Company within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which the Eligible Employee s right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Eligible Employee or the Company) or such other time as requested by the Eligible Employee or the Company. 

(e)               Code Section 409A.     If the Company (or, if applicable, the successor entity thereto) determines that the payments and benefits provided under the Plan (the    Plan Payments   ) constitute  deferred compensation  under Code Section 409A (together, with any state law of similar effect,    Section 409A   ) and an Eligible Employee is a  specified employee  of the Company or any successor entity thereto, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) (a    Specified Employee   ), then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the Plan Payments shall be delayed as follows:  on the earliest to occur of (1) the date that is six months and one day after a  separation from service  (as such term is defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations), and (2) the date of the Eligible Employee s death (such earliest date, the    Delayed Initial Payment Date   ), and the Company (or the successor entity thereto, as applicable) shall then (i) pay to the Eligible Employee a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the Plan Payments that the Eligible Employee would otherwise have received through the Delayed Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the Plan Payments had not been delayed pursuant to this Section 3(e) and (ii) commence paying the balance of the Plan Payments in accordance with the applicable payment schedules set forth in on Appendix A.  Prior to the imposition of any delay on the Plan Payments as set forth above, it is intended that (A) each installment of the Plan Payments provided in Appendix A be regarded as a separate  payment  for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i), (B) all Plan Payments provided in Appendix A satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and (C) the Plan Payments consisting of COBRA premiums also satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemption from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v). 

Section 4.                  COMPANY PROPERTY. 

(a)               Return of Company Property.    An Eligible Employee will not be entitled to any severance under the Plan unless and until the Eligible Employee returns all Company Property.  For this purpose,    Company Property    means all paper and electronic company documents (and all copies thereof) created and/or received by the Eligible Employee during his or her period of employment with the Company and other Company Property which the Eligible Employee had in his or her possession or control at any time, including, but not limited to, Company and/or   

7 

Employer files, notes, drawings records, plans, forecasts, reports, studies, analyses, proposals, agreements, financial information, research and development information, sales and marketing information, operational and personnel information, specifications, code, software, databases, computer-recorded information, tangible property and equipment (including, but not limited to, leased vehicles, computers, computer equipment, software programs, facsimile machines, mobile telephones, servers), credit and calling cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys; and any materials of any kind which contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information of the Company and/or an Employer (and all reproductions thereof in whole or in part).  As a condition to receiving benefits under the Plan, Eligible Employees must not make or retain copies, reproductions or summaries of any such Company Property.  However, an Eligible Employee is not required to return his or her personal copies of documents evidencing the Eligible Employee s hire, termination, compensation, benefits and stock options and any other documentation received as a shareholder of the Company. 

(b)               Transition of Work.    An Eligible Employee will not be entitled to any severance benefit under the Plan unless and until the Eligible Employee (1) has satisfactorily transitioned his or her work and information concerning his or her work to the Company to the extent reasonably requested in writing by the Company and (2) has provided the Company with all logins, passwords, passcodes and similar information created by the Eligible Employee for documents, email and electronic files that the Eligible Employee created or used on Company systems. 

Section 5.                  TIME OF PAYMENT AND FORM OF BENEFIT. 

Except as otherwise provided in Section 3, all severance benefits under the Plan shall be paid at the time and in the form provided in Appendix A following the Eligible Employee s satisfaction of all of the requirements under the Plan.  All payments under the Plan will be subject to applicable withholding for federal, state and local taxes.  If an Eligible Employee is indebted to the Company at his or her termination date, the Company reserves the right to offset any severance payments under the Plan by the amount of such indebtedness.  Additionally, if an Eligible Employee is subject to withholding for taxes related to any non-Plan benefits, the Company may offset any severance payments under the Plan by the amount of such withholding taxes.  However, payments under the Plan will not be subject to any other deductions such as, but not limited to, 401(k) plan contributions and/or 401(k) loan repayments or other employee benefit and benefit plan contributions. 

Section 6.                  RIGHT TO INTERPRET PLAN; AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION. 

(a)               Exclusive Discretion.    The Plan Administrator is the Company.  As Plan Administrator, the Company is the named fiduciary charged with the responsibility for administering the Plan.  The Plan Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion and authority to establish rules, forms, and procedures for the administration of the Plan and to construe and interpret the Plan and to decide any and all questions of fact, interpretation, definition, computation or administration arising in connection with the operation of the Plan, including, but not limited to, the eligibility to participate in the Plan and amount of benefits paid under the Plan.  The Plan Administrator may delegate any or all of its administrative duties to an officer of the Company and any such delegation shall convey with it the full discretionary authority of the Plan Administrator to carry out the delegated duties.  The Company or the Plan Administrator shall indemnify and hold harmless any person to whom it delegated its responsibilities;   provided  ,   however  , such person does not act with gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The rules, interpretations, computations and other actions of the Plan Administrator or its delegate shall be binding and conclusive on all persons. 

(b)               Termination; Amendment. 

(1)               This Plan will automatically renew on January 1, 2012 and each subsequent January 1  st   if no Change of Control has occurred by that date.  If a Change of Control has occurred by that date, this Plan will terminate on the date that is eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the effective date of the Change of Control;    provided, however,   that no such termination shall affect the right to any unpaid benefit of any Eligible Employee whose Qualifying Termination date has occurred prior to such date, and such unpaid benefit rights shall continue to be governed by the terms of this plan. 

8 

(2)               The Company reserves the right to amend this Plan (including the exhibits and appendices hereto) and the benefits provided hereunder at any time prior to a Change of Control of the Company;   provided, however,   that no such amendment shall affect the right to any unpaid benefit of any Eligible Employee whose Qualifying Termination date has occurred prior to amendment of the Plan. 

(3)               Any purported amendment or termination of this Plan (and the exhibits and appendices hereto) upon or following a Change of Control of the Company will not be effective as to any Eligible Employee who has not consented, in writing, to such amendment or termination. Any action amending or terminating the Plan shall be in writing and executed by a duly authorized executive officer of the Company. 

Section 7.                  NO IMPLIED EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT. 

The Plan shall not be deemed (i) to give any employee or other person any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or (ii) to interfere with the right of the Company to discharge any employee or other person at any time, with or without cause, which right is hereby reserved. 

Section 8.                  LEGAL CONSTRUCTION. 

This Plan is intended to be governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (   ERISA   ) and, to the extent not preempted by ERISA, the laws of the State of California (without regard to principles of conflict of laws). 

Section 9.                  CLAIMS, INQUIRIES AND APPEALS. 

(a)               Applications for Benefits and Inquiries.    Any application for benefits, inquiries about the Plan or inquiries about present or future rights under the Plan must be submitted to the Plan Administrator in writing by an applicant (or his or her authorized representative).  The Plan Administrator is: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Attn: General Counsel 

1180 Veterans Boulevard 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

(b)               Denial of Claims.    In the event that any application for benefits is denied in whole or in part, the Plan Administrator must provide the applicant with written or electronic notice of the denial of the application, and of the applicant s right to review the denial.  Any electronic notice will comply with the regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor.  The notice of denial will be set forth in a manner designed to be understood by the applicant and will include the following: 

(1)               the specific reason or reasons for the denial; 

(2)               references to the specific Plan provisions upon which the denial is based; 

(3)               a description of any additional information or material that the Plan Administrator needs to complete the review and an explanation of why such information or material is necessary; and 

(4)               an explanation of the Plan s review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the applicant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following a denial on review of the claim, as described in Section 10(d) below. 

This notice of denial will be given to the applicant within ninety (90) days after the Plan Administrator receives the application, unless special circumstances require an extension of time, in which case, the Plan Administrator has up to an additional ninety (90) days for processing the application.  If an extension of time for processing is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the applicant before the end of the initial ninety (90) day period. 

9 

This notice of extension will describe the special circumstances necessitating the additional time and the date by which the Plan Administrator is to render its decision on the application. 

(c)               Request for a Review.    Any person (or that person s authorized representative) for whom an application for benefits is denied, in whole or in part, may appeal the denial by submitting a request for a review to the Plan Administrator within sixty (60) days after the application is denied.  A request for a review shall be in writing and shall be addressed to: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Attn: General Counsel 

1180 Veterans Boulevard 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

A  request for review must set forth all of the grounds on which it is based, all facts in support of the request and any other matters that the applicant feels are pertinent.  The applicant (or his or her representative) shall have the opportunity to submit (or the Plan Administrator may require the applicant to submit) written comments, documents, records, and other information relating to his or her claim.  The applicant (or his or her representative) shall be provided, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to his or her claim.  The review shall take into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the applicant (or his or her representative) relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. 

(d)               Decision on Review.    The Plan Administrator will act on each request for review within sixty (60) days after receipt of the request, unless special circumstances require an extension of time (not to exceed an additional sixty (60) days), for processing the request for a review.  If an extension for review is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the applicant within the initial sixty (60) day period.  This notice of extension will describe the special circumstances necessitating the additional time and the date by which the Plan Administrator is to render its decision on the review.  The Plan Administrator will give prompt, written or electronic notice of its decision to the applicant. Any electronic notice will comply with the regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor.  In the event that the Plan Administrator confirms the denial of the application for benefits in whole or in part, the notice will set forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by the applicant, the following: 

(1)               the specific reason or reasons for the denial; 

(2)               references to the specific Plan provisions upon which the denial is based; 

(3)               a statement that the applicant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to his or her claim; and 

(4)               a statement of the applicant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 

(e)               Rules and Procedures.    The Plan Administrator will establish rules and procedures, consistent with the Plan and with ERISA, as necessary and appropriate in carrying out its responsibilities in reviewing benefit claims.  The Plan Administrator may require an applicant who wishes to submit additional information in connection with an appeal from the denial of benefits to do so at the applicant s own expense. 

(f)                Exhaustion of Remedies.    No legal action for benefits under the Plan may be brought until the applicant (i) has submitted a written application for benefits in accordance with the procedures described by Section 10(a) above, (ii) has been notified by the Plan Administrator that the application is denied, (iii) has filed a written request for a review of the application in accordance with the appeal procedure described in Section 10(c) above, and (iv) has been notified that the Plan Administrator has denied the appeal.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Plan   

10 

Administrator does not respond to an applicant s claim or appeal within the relevant time limits specified in this Section 10, the applicant may bring legal action for benefits under the Plan pursuant to Section 502(a) of ERISA. 

Section 10.                BASIS OF PAYMENTS TO AND FROM PLAN. 

The Plan shall be unfunded, and all benefits under the Plan shall be paid only from the general assets of the Company.  An Eligible Employee s right to receive payments under the Plan is no greater than that of the Company s unsecured general creditors.  Therefore, if the Company were to become insolvent, the Eligible Employee might not receive benefits under the Plan. 

Section 11.                OTHER PLAN INFORMATION. 

(a)               Employer and Plan Identification Numbers.   The Employer Identification Number assigned to the Company (which is the    Plan Sponsor    as that term is used in ERISA) by the Internal Revenue Service is 94-3248524.  The Plan Number assigned to the Plan by the Plan Sponsor pursuant to the instructions of the Internal Revenue Service is     510. 

(b)               Ending Date for Plan s Fiscal Year and Type of Plan.    The date of the end of the fiscal year for the purpose of maintaining the Plan s records is December 31.  The Plan is a welfare benefit plan. 

(c)               Agent for the Service of Legal Process.    The agent for the service of legal process with respect to the Plan is: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Attn: General Counsel 

1180 Veterans Boulevard 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

(d)               Plan Sponsor and Administrator.    The Plan Sponsor and the    Plan Administrator    of the Plan is: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Attn: General Counsel 

1180 Veterans Boulevard 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

The Plan Sponsor s and Plan Administrator s telephone number is (650) 624-1100 and facsimile number is (650) 624-1101. 

Section 12.                STATEMENT OF ERISA RIGHTS. 

Participants in this Plan are entitled to certain rights and protections under ERISA.  If you are an Eligible Employee, you are considered a participant in the Plan and, under ERISA, you are entitled to: 

(a)               Receive Information About Your Plan and Benefits 

(1)               Examine, without charge, at the Plan Administrator s office and at other specified locations, such as worksites, all documents governing the Plan and a copy of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series), if applicable, filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor and available at the Public Disclosure Room of the Employee Benefits Security Administration; 

11 

(2)               Obtain, upon written request to the Plan Administrator, copies of documents governing the operation of the Plan and copies of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series), if applicable, and an updated (as necessary) Summary Plan Description.  The Administrator may make a reasonable charge for the copies; and 

(3)               Receive a summary of the Plan s annual financial report, if applicable.  The Plan Administrator is required by law to furnish each participant with a copy of this summary annual report. 

(b)               Prudent Actions by Plan Fiduciaries.    In addition to creating rights for Plan participants, ERISA imposes duties upon the people who are responsible for the operation of the employee benefit plan.  The people who operate the Plan, called  fiduciaries  of the Plan, have a duty to do so prudently and in the interest of you and other Plan participants and beneficiaries.  No one, including your employer, your union or any other person, may fire you or otherwise discriminate against you in any way to prevent you from obtaining a Plan benefit or exercising your rights under ERISA. 

(c)               Enforce Your Rights.    If your claim for a Plan benefit is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you have a right to know why this was done, to obtain copies of documents relating to the decision without charge, and to appeal any denial, all within certain time schedules as set forth in detail in Section 10 herein. 

Under ERISA, there are steps you can take to enforce the above rights.  For instance, if you request a copy of Plan documents or the latest annual report from the Plan, if applicable, and do not receive them within 30 days, you may file suit in a Federal court and you are not required to follow the claims procedure set forth in Section 10 herein.  In such a case, the court may require the Plan Administrator to provide the materials and pay you up to $110 a day until you receive the materials, unless the materials were not sent because of reasons beyond the control of the Plan Administrator. 

If you have completed the claims and appeals procedure described in Section 10 and have a claim for benefits which is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you may file suit in a state or Federal court. 

If you are discriminated against for asserting your rights, you may seek assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor, or you may file suit in a Federal court.  The court will decide who should pay court costs and legal fees.  If you are successful, the court may order the person you have sued to pay these costs and fees.  If you lose, the court may order you to pay these costs and fees, for example, if it finds your claim is frivolous. 

(d)               Assistance with Your Questions.    If you have any questions about the Plan, you should contact the Plan Administrator.  If you have any questions about this statement or about your rights under ERISA, or if you need assistance in obtaining documents from the Plan Administrator, you should contact the nearest office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in your telephone directory or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, D.C. 20210.  You may also obtain certain publications about your rights and responsibilities under ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee Benefits Security Administration or accessing its website at http://www.dol.gov/ebsa/. 

Section 13.                GENERAL PROVISIONS. 

(a)               Notices.    Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given by either the Company or an Eligible Employee pursuant to the terms of this Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally or deposited in the U.S. mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the parties, in the case of the Company, at the address set forth in Section 12(d) and, in the case of an Eligible Employee, at the address as set forth in the Company s employment file maintained for the Eligible Employee as previously furnished by the Eligible Employee or such other address as a party may request by notifying the other in writing. 

(b)               Transfer and Assignment.    The rights and obligations of an Eligible Employee under this Plan may not be transferred or assigned without the prior written consent of the Company.  This Plan shall be binding upon any person who is a successor by merger, acquisition, consolidation or otherwise to the business formerly carried on by the Company without regard to whether or not such person or entity actively assumes the obligations   

12 

hereunder.  Following a Change of Control, any references to the  Company  in this Plan shall be deemed to be references also to any successor to the company. 

(c)               Waiver.    Any party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Plan shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent any party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Plan.  The rights granted the parties herein are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of any party s right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 

(d)               Severability.    Should any provision of this Plan be declared or determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired. 

(e)               Section Headings.    Section headings in this Plan are included for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered part of this Plan for any other purpose. 

Section 14.                CIRCULAR 230 DISCLAIMER. 

THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER IS PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE S CIRCULAR 230 (21 CFR PART 10).  ANY ADVICE IN THIS PLAN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND IT CANNOT BE USED BY YOU FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON YOU.  ANY ADVICE IN THIS PLAN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF PARTICIPATION IN THE COMPANY S CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN.  YOU SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISOR. 

Section 15.                EXECUTION. 

To record the adoption of the Plan as set forth herein, effective as of     January 1, 2011, Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.     has caused its duly authorized officer to execute the same this 16  th   day of December, 2010. 

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Dolly Vance  

Title:  

EVP, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary  

13 

For Employees Age 40 or Older 

Individual Termination 

EXHIBIT A 

RELEASE AGREEMENT 

I understand and agree completely to the terms set forth in the Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the  Plan ). 

I understand that this Release, together with the Plan, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between the Company, affiliates of the Company and me with regard to the subject matter hereof.  I am not relying on any promise or representation by the Company or the Employers that is not expressly stated therein.  Certain capitalized terms used in this Release are defined in the Plan. 

I hereby confirm my obligations under my Proprietary Agreement with the Company and/or the Employer. 

Except as otherwise set forth in this Release, I hereby generally and completely release the Company, the Employers, and their current and former directors, officers, employees, stockholders, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns (collectively, the    Released Parties   ) from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring prior to my signing this Agreement (collectively, the    Released Claims   ).  The Released Claims include, but are not limited to:  (1) all claims arising out of or in any way related to my employment with the Company, the Employers or their affiliates, or the termination of that employment; (2) all claims related to my compensation or benefits, including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company, the Employers, or their affiliates; (3) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (4) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (5) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys  fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (as amended) (   ADEA   ), the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended), and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are not included in the Released Claims (the    Excluded Claims   ): (1) any rights or claims for indemnification I may have pursuant to any written indemnification agreement with the Company to which I am a party, the charter, bylaws, or operating agreements of the Company, or under applicable law;  or (2) any rights which are not waivable as a matter of law.  In addition, nothing in this Release prevents me from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, or the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, except that I hereby waive my right to any monetary benefits in connection with any such claim, charge or proceeding.  I hereby represent and warrant that, other than the Excluded Claims, I am not aware of any claims I have or might have against any of the Released Parties that are not included in the Released Claims. 

I acknowledge that I am knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights I may have under the ADEA.  I also acknowledge that the consideration given for the Released Claims is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled.  I further acknowledge that I have been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that: (a) the Released Claims do not apply to any rights or claims that arise after the date I sign this Release; (b) I should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release (although I may choose voluntarily not to do so); (c) I have twenty-one (21) days to consider this Release (although I may choose to voluntarily to sign it sooner); (d) I have seven (7) days following the date I sign this Release to revoke the Release by providing written notice to an officer of the Company; and (e) the Release will not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired unexercised, which will be the eighth day after I sign this Release (   Effective Date   ). 

14 

I acknowledge that I have read and understand Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which reads as follows:    A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.     I hereby expressly waive and relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to my release of any claims hereunder. 

I hereby represent that I have been paid all compensation owed and for all hours worked, I have received all the leave and leave benefits and protections for which I am eligible, and I have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which I have not already filed a workers  compensation claim. 

I acknowledge that to become effective, I must sign and return this Release to the Company so that it is received not later than twenty-one (21) days following the date it is provided to me, and I must not revoke it thereafter. 

EMPLOYEE  

Name:  

Date:  

15 

For Employees Age 40 or Older 

Group Termination 

EXHIBIT B 

RELEASE AGREEMENT 

I understand and agree completely to the terms set forth in the Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the  Plan ). 

I understand that this Release, together with the Plan, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between the Company, affiliates of the Company and me with regard to the subject matter hereof.  I am not relying on any promise or representation by the Company or the Employers that is not expressly stated therein.  Certain capitalized terms used in this Release are defined in the Plan. 

I hereby confirm my obligations under my Proprietary Agreement with the Company and/or the Employer. 

Except as otherwise set forth in this Release, I hereby generally and completely release the Company, the Employers, and their current and former directors, officers, employees, stockholders, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns (collectively, the    Released Parties   ) from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring prior to my signing this Agreement (collectively, the    Released Claims   ).  The Released Claims include, but are not limited to:  (1) all claims arising out of or in any way related to my employment with the Company, the Employers or their affiliates, or the termination of that employment; (2) all claims related to my compensation or benefits, including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company, the Employers, or their affiliates; (3) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (4) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (5) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys  fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (as amended) (   ADEA   ), the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended), and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are not included in the Released Claims (the    Excluded Claims   ): (1) any rights or claims for indemnification I may have pursuant to any written indemnification agreement with the Company to which I am a party, the charter, bylaws, or operating agreements of the Company, or under applicable law;  or (2) any rights which are not waivable as a matter of law.  In addition, nothing in this Release prevents me from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, or the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, except that I hereby waive my right to any monetary benefits in connection with any such claim, charge or proceeding.  I hereby represent and warrant that, other than the Excluded Claims, I am not aware of any claims I have or might have against any of the Released Parties that are not included in the Released Claims. 

I acknowledge that I am knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights I may have under the ADEA.  I also acknowledge that the consideration given for the Released Claims is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled.  I further acknowledge that I have been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that: (a) the Released Claims do not apply to any rights or claims that arise after the date I sign this Release; (b) I should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release (although I may choose voluntarily not to do so); (c) I have forty-five (45) days to consider this Release (although I may choose to voluntarily to sign it sooner); (d) I have seven (7) days following the date I sign this Release to revoke the Release by providing written notice to an officer of the Company; and (e) the Release will not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired unexercised, which will be the eighth day after I sign this Release (   Effective Date   ). 

16 

I have received with this Release all of the information required by the ADEA, including without limitation a detailed list of the job titles and ages of all employees who were terminated in this group termination and the ages of all employees of the Company in the same job classification or organizational unit who were not terminated, along with information on the eligibility factors used to select employees for the group termination and any time limits applicable to this group termination program. 

I acknowledge that I have read and understand Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which reads as follows:    A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.     I hereby expressly waive and relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to my release of any claims hereunder. 

I hereby represent that I have been paid all compensation owed and for all hours worked, I have received all the leave and leave benefits and protections for which I am eligible, and I have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which I have not already filed a workers  compensation claim. 

I acknowledge that to become effective, I must sign and return this Release to the Company so that it is received not later than forty-five (45) days following the date it is provided to me, and I must not revoke it thereafter. 

EMPLOYEE  

Name:  

Date:  

17 

For Employees Under Age 40 

Individual and Group Termination 

EXHIBIT C 

RELEASE AGREEMENT 

I understand and agree completely to the terms set forth in the Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the  Plan ). 

I understand that this Release, together with the Plan, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between the Company, affiliates of the Company and me with regard to the subject matter hereof.  I am not relying on any promise or representation by the Company or the Employers that is not expressly stated therein.  Certain capitalized terms used in this Release are defined in the Plan. 

I hereby confirm my obligations under my Proprietary Agreement with the Company and/or the Employer. 

Except as otherwise set forth in this Release, I hereby generally and completely release the Company, the Employers, and their current and former directors, officers, employees, stockholders, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns (collectively, the    Released Parties   ) from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring prior to my signing this Agreement (collectively, the    Released Claims   ).  The Released Claims include, but are not limited to:  (1) all claims arising out of or in any way related to my employment with the Company, the Employers or their affiliates, or the termination of that employment; (2) all claims related to my compensation or benefits, including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company, the Employers, or their affiliates; (3) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (4) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (5) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys  fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are not included in the Released Claims (the    Excluded Claims   ): (1) any rights or claims for indemnification I may have pursuant to any written indemnification agreement with the Company to which I am a party, the charter, bylaws, or operating agreements of the Company, or under applicable law;  or (2) any rights which are not waivable as a matter of law.  In addition, nothing in this Release prevents me from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, or the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, except that I hereby waive my right to any monetary benefits in connection with any such claim, charge or proceeding.  I hereby represent and warrant that, other than the Excluded Claims, I am not aware of any claims I have or might have against any of the Released Parties that are not included in the Released Claims. 

I acknowledge that I have read and understand Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which reads as follows:    A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.     I hereby expressly waive and relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to my release of any claims hereunder. 

I hereby represent that I have been paid all compensation owed and for all hours worked, I have received all the leave and leave benefits and protections for which I am eligible, and I have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which I have not already filed a workers  compensation claim. 

I acknowledge that to become effective, I must sign and return this Release to the Company so that it is received not later than fourteen (14) days following the date it is provided to me. 

18 

EMPLOYEE  

Name:  

Date:  

19 

APPENDIX A 

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN 

Severance benefits provided to Eligible Employees under the Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the  Plan ) are as follows: 

1.                                          Severance Benefits.    Subject to the exceptions set forth in Section 2 of the Plan, each Eligible Employee who suffers a Qualifying Termination and who meets all of the requirements set forth in the Plan, including, without limitation, executing and letting become effective a general waiver and release in substantially the form attached to the Plan as Exhibit A, Exhibit B or Exhibit C, as applicable, within the applicable time period set forth therein, shall receive severance benefits as set forth in this Appendix A. 

(a)                                      Cash Severance.    The Company shall make a lump sum payment of  Cash Severance  to the Eligible Employee in an amount determined as follows: 

Title at Termination  

Amount  

CEO, President or EVP  

2.5 x (Base Salary + Eligible Bonus)  

SVP or VP  

2.0 x (Base Salary + Eligible Bonus)  

Subject to Section 3(e) of the Plan, the Cash Severance will be paid in a lump sum on the first regular payroll date following the effective date of the general waiver and release, but in no event later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs. 

(b)                                      COBRA Premium Benefit.    If the Eligible Employee was enrolled in a group health plan (  i.e.  , medical, dental, or vision plan) sponsored by the Company or an affiliate of the Company immediately prior to the Qualifying Termination, the Eligible Employee may be eligible to continue coverage under such group health plan (or to convert to an individual policy) at the time of the Eligible Employee s termination of employment under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (together with any state law of similar effect,    COBRA   ).  The Company will notify the Eligible Employee of any such right to continue such coverage at the time of termination pursuant to COBRA.  No provision of this Plan will affect the continuation coverage rules under COBRA, except that the Company s payment, if any, of applicable insurance premiums, or waiver of any cost of coverage under any self-funded group health plan, will be credited as payment by the Eligible Employee for purposes of the Eligible Employee s payment required under COBRA.  Therefore, the period during which an Eligible Employee may elect to continue the Company s or its affiliate s group health plan coverage at his or her own expense under COBRA, the length of time during which COBRA coverage will be made available to the Eligible Employee, and all other rights and obligations of the Eligible Employee under COBRA (except the obligation to pay insurance premiums that the Company pays, if any, or, with respect to a self-funded plan, any obligation to pay the cost of coverage to the Company that the Company waives, if any) will be applied in the same manner that such rules would apply in the absence of this Plan. 

Provided that the Eligible Employee and/or his or her eligible dependents elect continued medical insurance coverage in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 and any other applicable state and federal law (commonly referred to as    COBRA   ), the Company shall pay to the Eligible Employee, on the first day of each month, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the applicable COBRA premiums for that month (including premiums for the Eligible Employee and his or her eligible dependents who have elected and remain enrolled in such COBRA coverage), subject to applicable tax withholdings (such amount, the    Special Severance Payment   ), for a number of months equal to the lesser of (i) the duration of the period in which the Eligible Employee and his or her eligible dependents are enrolled in such COBRA coverage (and not otherwise covered by another employer s group health plan that does not impose an applicable   

20 

preexisting condition exclusion) and (ii) eighteen (18) months.  The Eligible Employee may, but is not obligated to, use such Special Severance Payment toward the cost of COBRA premiums. On the 45  th   day following the Eligible Employee s termination of employment, the Company will make the first payment to the Eligible Employee under this Section Section 1(b), in a lump sum, equal to the aggregate Special Severance Payments that the Company would have paid to the Participant through such date had the Special Severance Payments commenced on the first day of the first month following the termination of employment through such day, with the balance of the Special Severance Payments paid thereafter on the schedule described above.  In the event the terminated Eligible Employee becomes covered under another employer s group health plan (other than a plan that imposes a preexisting condition exclusion unless the preexisting condition exclusion does not apply) or otherwise ceases to be eligible for COBRA during the period provided in this Section 1(b), then the Eligible Employee must immediately notify the Company of such event, and the Special Severance Payments shall cease.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it may pay COBRA premiums for Eligible Employee and any dependents covered under the Company s group health plan immediately prior to such termination of employment without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in lieu of paying to the Eligible Employee the Special Severance Payments described above, for a period of 12 months commencing one calendar day following the date upon which Eligible Employee incurs a termination of employment, the Company shall pay COBRA premiums for Eligible Employee and any dependents covered under the Company s group health plan immediately prior to such termination of employment, provided that the Company may cease making such premium payments when Eligible Employee secures other employment and becomes eligible to participate in the health insurance plan of Eligible Employee s new employer (other than a plan that imposes a preexisting condition exclusion unless the preexisting condition exclusion does not apply). 

For purposes of this Section 1(b), any applicable insurance premiums that are paid by the Company shall not include any amounts payable by the Eligible Employee under an Internal Revenue Code Section 125 health care reimbursement plan, which amounts, if any, are the sole responsibility of the Eligible Employee. 

(c)                                      Accelerated Vesting.     The vesting and exercisability of all then-outstanding compensatory equity awards held by the Eligible Employee shall be accelerated such that the awards are fully vested and exercisable as of the date of the Qualifying Termination. 

(d)                                      Extended Period to Exercise Post Termination.        If the Eligible Employee has signed an agreement to extend the period to exercise post termination within thirty (30) days after becoming eligible to participate in the Plan, the Company will amend such Eligible Employee s then-outstanding stock options to extend the post-termination exercise period of such options that is applicable upon a Qualifying Termination until the earlier of (i) the original end of the term of each such option (generally 10 years from the date of grant) or (ii) the one (1) year anniversary of the date of the Qualifying Termination. 

2.                                          Definitions:    The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this Appendix A: 

(a)                                       Base Salary    shall mean the greater of the Eligible Employee s base salary in effect immediately prior to (i) the Change of Control or (ii) the date of the Qualifying Termination. Base Salary does not include variable forms of compensation such as bonuses, incentive compensation, commissions, expenses or expense allowances. 

(b)                                       Eligible Bonus    shall mean the product of (i) the average percentage of the target annual incentive bonus earned by the Eligible Employee for performance during the two fiscal years immediately prior to the fiscal year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs and (ii) the target annual incentive bonus, expressed in dollars, which the Eligible Employee is eligible to earn in the fiscal year in which (A) the Change of Control occurs or (B) the Qualifying Termination occurs, whichever of (A) or (B) is greater.  

21 

The foregoing severance benefits are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, including reduction against any other severance owed to the Eligible Employee. 

Appendix A Adopted: January 1, 2011  

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

By:  

/s/ Dolly Vance  

Title:  

EVP, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary  

22 

EXHIBIT 1 

FORM OF EMPLOYEE CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS/INFORMATION AGREEMENT 

In consideration of  my employment or continued employment by Rigel Pharmaceuticals,  Inc. (   Rigel   ), and the compensation now and  hereafter paid to me, I    __________________________   hereby agree to the following terms  and conditions: 

1.    NONDISCLOSURE 

1.1    Recognition  of Rigel s Rights; Nondisclosure.   At all  times  during  my employment  at Rigel and thereafter, I will hold in strictest confidence and  will not disclose,  use,  lecture  upon  or publish  Rigel s  Proprietary  Information  (defined below), except as such disclosure,  use  or  publication may be required in connection with my work for Rigel, or  unless  an officer  of Rigel expressly  authorizes such in writing. I will  obtain Rigel s written approval before publishing or  submitting for  publication  any  material (written,  verbal,  or  otherwise)  that relates to  my work at Rigel and/or incorporates  any Proprietary  Information.  I  hereby  assign  to  Rigel  any rights I may have  or  acquire  in  such  Proprietary Information  and  recognize  that  all Proprietary  Information shall be the sole property of Rigel and its assigns. 

1.2    Proprietary  Information.    The  term     Proprietary  Information    shall mean any and all  confidential and/or proprietary knowledge,  data or information  of Rigel  and its affiliated entities.  By way  of  illustration  but not  limitation,     Proprietary  Information     includes  (a)  trade  secrets,  inventions,  ideas, processes, formulas, data,  programs, other works of authorship,  know-how, improvements,  discoveries, cell lines, chemical compounds,  developments,  designs and  techniques (hereinafter collectively  referred  to  as     Inventions   ); and  (b)  information regarding  plans  for  research,  development,  new  products,  marketing  and  selling,  business  plans,  budgets  and  unpublished  financial  statements,  licenses,  prices and  costs,  suppliers  and  customers;  and (c)  information  regarding  the  skills  and  compensation  of other contract workers placed at Rigel or employees of  Rigel. Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  it is understood  that, at all such  times, I am  free  to  use  information which  is generally  known  in  the  trade  or  industry, which  is  not  gained  as  result  of a breach  of  this  Agreement, and my own, skill, knowledge, know-how and experience to  whatever extent and in whichever way I wish. 

1.3    Third  Party  Information.    I understand,  in addition, that Rigel  has received and in the future will receive from third parties confidential  or  proprietary  information  (   Third  Party Information   )  subject  to a  duty  on  Rigel s  part  to  maintain  the  confidentiality  of  such  information  and to use it only for certain limited purposes.  During  the term of  my employment  at Rigel  and thereafter, I will hold Third  Party  Information  in  the  strictest  confidence and will  not disclose  to  anyone (other than Rigel personnel who need to know such information in connection with  their work  for Rigel)  or use, except in connection  with my work  for Rigel,  Third  Party  Information  unless  expressly  authorized in writing by an authorized representative of Rigel. 

1.4    No Improper Use  of  Information  of  Prior  Work  Placements, Employers and Others.    During my employment at Rigel  I will  not  improperly  use  or  disclose  any confidential information  or  trade secrets,  if any, of any former  work placement,  employer  or any  other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality,  and I will  not bring onto the premises  of  Rigel  any unpublished  documents  or any property belonging to  any former work placement, employer or  any  other  person  to whom I have  an  obligation  of  confidentiality  unless  consented  to  in writing  by  that  former  wo r k  placement,  employer  or person. I will use in the performance  of my duties only information  which  is  generally  known and  used  by  persons  with  training  and  experience  comparable  to my own, which is common knowledge  in the  industry or  otherwise legally in the public domain, or which is otherwise  provided or developed by Rigel.   

2.    ASSIGNMENT OF INVENTIONS. 

2.1    Proprietary Rights.    The  term    Proprietary Rights     shall  mean all trade secret,  patent,  copyright,  and other intellectual  property  rights throughout the world. 

23 

2.2    Prior  Inventions.    Inventions,  if  any,  patented  or  unpatented, which I made  prior  to  the  commencement of  my  employment  with  Rigel  are excluded  from  the  scope  of  this  Agreement.  To  preclude  any possible  uncertainty, I have  set  forth on    Exhibit B   (Previous  Inventions)  attached  hereto a complete  list of  all  Inventions that I have, alone or jointly with others, conceived, developed  or reduced to practice or caused to be conceived,  developed  or reduced  to  practice  prior  to  the  commencement of  my  work placement with  Rigel,  that I consider to be my property or the property of third parties and that I wish to have excluded from the scope of this Agreement  (collectively  referred  to  as     Prior  Inventions   ).  If  disclosure  of  any  such Prior Invention would cause me to  violate any prior confidentiality  agreement, I understand  that I am not  to  list such  Prior  Inventions  in    Exhibit B   but  am  only  to disclose a cursory  name  for  each  such  invention, a listing of the party(ies) to whom it belongs and the fact that  full disclosure  as to such inventions  has not been made for that reason.  A  space  is  provided  on    Exhibit B   for  such  purpose.  If  no  such  disclosure  is attached, I represent  that there are no Prior Inventions. If,  in the course of my employment at Rigel, I incorporate a Prior Invention  into a Rigel product,  process  or machine,  Rigel is hereby  granted  and  shall  have a nonexclusive,  royalty-free,  irrevocable,  perpetual,  worldwide  license  (with  rights  to sublicense  through  multiple  tiers  of  sublicensees)  to  make,  have  made,  modify,  use  and  sell  such  Prior  Invention. Notwithstanding  the  foregoing, I agree  that I will  not incorporate,  or permit to be incorporated,  Prior Inventions  in any Rigel  Inventions without Rigel s prior written consent. 

2.3    Assignment  of  Inventions.    Subject  to Sections 2.4, and  2.6, I hereby  assign  and agree  to assign  in the future  (when  any such  Inventions  or Proprietary Rights are first conceived,  reduced to practice  or fixed in a tangible medium,  as  applicable)  to Rigel  all my right,  title and interest  in and to any and all Inventions  (and  all Proprietary  Rights with  respect  thereto) whether  or  not  patentable  or  registrable  under  copyright  or  similar  statutes,  made  or  conceived  or  reduced  to  practice or learned by me, either alone or  jointly with others, during the  period of my employment  with Rigel.  Inventions  assigned to Rigel, or  to a third  party  as  directed  by  Rigel  pursuant  to  this  Section  2,  are  hereinafter referred to as    Rigel Inventions  .  

2.4    Nonassignable  Inventions.    This Agreement does not apply to  an Invention that qualifies fully as a nonassignable  Invention under Section 2870  of  the California  Labor Code  (hereinafter     Section  2870   ). I have  reviewed  the  notification  on    Exhibit A   (Limited  Exclusion Notification)  and  agree  that  my  signature  acknowledges  receipt of the notification. 

2.5    Obligation to Keep Rigel Informed.    During the period of my  employment  at Rigel and for twelve  (12) months  after  termination  of  my employment  at Rigel, I will  promptly  disclose  to  Rigel  fully and  in writing  all Inventions  authored,  conceived  or reduced to practice by me, either alone  or  jointly  with  others  that relate  to  Rigel s field  of  business or to the work I  performed for Rigel during my employment at Rigel ( Related  Subsequent  Inventions ).  In addition, I will promptly  disclose  to Rigel all patent  applications  filed  by  me  or  on  my  behalf  within a year after  termination of employment  at Rigel  that claim  or  disclose  Related Subsequent  Inventions. At the  time  of  each  such  disclosure, I will  advise  Rigel  in writing  of  any  Inventions  that  I  believe  fully  qualify for  protection  under  Section  2870;  and I will at that  time  provide  to  Rigel  in  writing  all  evidence  necessary  to  substantiate  that belief.  Rigel will keep in confidence  and will not  use for any purpose or  disclose to  third parties without my consent any  confidential information  disclosed  in writing  to Rigel  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  relating to Inventions  that qualify fully for protection  under  the provisions of Section 2870. I will preserve the confidentiality  of any Invention that does not fully qualify for protection under Section 2870. 

2.6    Government  or Third Party.    I also agree to assign  all my  right, title and interest in and to any particular Invention to a  third party,  including without limitation the United States, as directed by Rigel. 

2.7    Works  for Hire.    I acknowledge  that all original works of  authorship which are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within  the  scope  of  my  employment at Rigel  and which  are  protectable  by  copyright  are   works  made  for hire,   pursuant  to United  States  Copyright Act (17 U.S.C., Section 101). 

2.8    Enforcement  of  Proprietary Rights.    I  will assist  Rigel in  every proper way to obtain, and from time to time enforce, United States  and foreign Proprietary Rights relating to  Rigel Inventions in  any and all  countries.  To that end I will execute, verify and deliver such documents  and  perform  such  other  acts  (including  appearances  as a witness)  as  Rigel  may reasonably  request for  use  in  applying for,  obtaining,  perfecting,  evidencing,  sustaining  and  enforcing  such  Proprietary Rights and the assignment  thereof.  In addition, I will execute,  verify  and  deliver  assignments  of  such    

24 

Proprietary  Rights  to  Rigel  or  its  designee. My obligation  to  assist  Rigel  with  respect  to  Proprietary Rights  relating  to such  Rigel Inventions  in any and all countries  shall  continue beyond the termination  of my employment  at Rigel, but Rigel  shall compensate me at a reasonable  rate after my termination  for the  time actually spent by me at Rigel s request on such assistance. 

In the event Rigel is unable  for any reason, after reasonable  effort,  to  secure my signature  on any document  needed  in connection with  the  actions  specified in  the  preceding  paragraph, I hereby  irrevocably  designate  and appoint Rigel and its duly authorized  officers and agents  as my agent  and attorney  in fact, which  appointment  is  coupled  with  an interest,  to act for and  in my behalf  to execute, verify and file any  such documents and to  do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the  purposes  of  the  preceding  paragraph with  the  same legal force and  effect as if executed by me. I hereby waive and quitclaim to Rigel any  and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, which I now or may hereafter  have for infringement of any Proprietary Rights assigned  hereunder  to  Rigel. 

3.    Records.    I  agree  to  keep  and maintain  adequate and current  records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings and in  any other  form that  may  be  required  by  Rigel)  of  all  Proprietary  Information  developed  by me and all Inventions  made by me during  the period  of  my  employment at Rigel,  which records shall be available  to  and remain the sole property of Rigel at all times. 

4.    Additional Activities.    I  agree  that  during  the period of my  employment at Rigel I will not, without Rigel s express written consent,  engage  in  any  work  placement or employment  or  business  activity  which is  competitive with, or would otherwise conflict with, my  employment with Rigel. I agree further that for the period of my  employment  by Rigel and for one (l) year after the date of termination  of my employment  at Rigel I will not induce any employee of Rigel to  leave the employ of Rigel. 

5.    No Conflicting Obligation.    I represent  that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement and as temporary contract worker or intern of Rigel does not and will not breach any agreement  to  keep  in  confidence  information  acquired  by me in confidence  or in trust prior  to my employment at Rigel. I have  not  entered  into,  and I agree  I  will  not  enter  into,  any agreement either  written  or  oral  in  conflict herewith. 

6.    Return  of Rigel Documents.    When I leave  my employ  og Rigel, I will deliver  to Rigel any and all drawings,  notes,  memoranda,  specifications,  devices, formulas, samples, and documents, together with  all copies  thereof,  and any other material  containing  or disclosing  any  Rigel Inventions,  Third  Party  Information  or  Proprietary Information  of  Rigel. I further  agree  that  any property situated  on  Rigel s premises and owned by Rigel, including  disks and other storage media,  filing cabinets  or other work areas, is subject  to  inspection  by  Rigel  personnel  at  any time with  or without  notice.  Prior  to  leaving,  I  will  cooperate with Rigel in completing and signing Rigel s termination  statement. 

7.    Legal  and Equitable  Remedies.    Because  my  services  are  personal and unique and because I may have access to and become  acquainted with the Proprietary  Information  of Rigel,  Rigel shall have  the  right  to  enforce  this Agreement and  any  of  its  provisions  by injunction,  specific  performance  or other equitable relief, without  bond  and without prejudice  to any other rights and remedies  that  Rigel  may have for a breach  of this Agreement. 

8.    Notices.    Any  notices  required  or  permitted hereunder  shall be given to the appropriate  party at the address specified below or  at such other address as the party shall specify in writing.  Such notice shall be deemed given upon personal delivery to the appropriate address  or if sent by certified  or registered  mail, three (3) days after the date of  mailing. 

9.    Notification  of New Work Placement.    In  the  event that I  leave  the employ  of Rigel, I hereby  consent  to the notification  of my  new work  placement  or employer  of my rights  and obligations  under  this Agreement. 

10.    General Provisions. 

10.1     Governing Law; Consent to  Personal Jurisdiction.    This  Agreement will be governed by and construed according to the laws of  the State of California, as such laws are applied  to agreements  entered  into and to be performed  entirely within California  between  California  residents. I hereby expressly consent to the personal   

25 

jurisdiction of the  state and federal courts located in San  Mateo County, California for any  lawsuit  filed there  against me by Rigel arising  from or related  to this Agreement. 

10.2    Severability.    In  case  any  one  or  more  of  the  provisions  contained in  this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid,  illegal or  unenforceable in  any respect, such invalidity, illegality or  unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions  of this Agreement,  and this Agreement shall be construed as if  such invalid, illegal or unenforceable  provision  had  never  been  contained  herein.  If  moreover,  any  one  or  more  of  the  provisions  contained  in  this  Agreement  shall for any reason  be held to be excessively  broad  as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it  shall be construed by  limiting and reducing it, so as to be  enforceable to the extent compatible  with the applicable law as it shall then appear. 

10.3    Successors  and Assigns.    This Agreement will be binding  upon my heirs, executors,  administrators  and other legal representatives  and will be for the benefit of Rigel, its successors, and its assigns. 

10.4    Survival.    The  provisions  of this Agreement  shall survive the  termination  of my work placement at Rigel and the assignment  of this  Agreement by Rigel to any successor in interest or other assignee. 

10.5    Employment.    I  agree  and  understand  that  nothing  in  this  Agreement shall confer any right with respect to continuation of my  employment at Rigel, nor shall it interfere in any way with my right or  Rigel s right to terminate  my employment  at Rigel at any time, with or  without cause. 

10.6    Waiver.    No waiver  by Rigel of any breach of this Agreement  shall be a waiver of any preceding  or  succeeding  breach. No waiver  by Rigel  of  any right  under  this Agreement shall  be  construed  as  a  waiver of any other right. Rigel shall not be required to give notice to  enforce strict adherence to all terms of this Agreement. 

10.7    Entire Agreement.    The obligations pursuant to  Sections 1 and  2  of  this Agreement  shall  apply  to  any  time  during which I was  previously  placed at Rigel, or am in the future placed at Rigel, by Rigel  as a consultant  if  no  other  agreement  governs  nondisclosure  and  assignment of  inventions during such period. No modification of  or  amendment  to this Agreement,  nor any waiver of any rights under this  Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party to  be charged. Any subsequent change or  changes in my duties, salary or compensation  will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 

This Agreement shall be effective as of the first day of my employment at Rigel, namely:    ______________________ 

I HAVE READ THIS  AGREEMENT CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS. I HAVE COMPLETELY  FILLED OUT EXHIBIT B TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

Signature:  

Name:  

Dated:  

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By:  

Name   Title:  

26 

EXHIBIT A 

LIMITED EXCLUSION NOTIFICATION 

THIS IS TO NOTIFY   you in accordance with Section 2872 of the California Labor Code that the foregoing Agreement between you and Rigel does not require you to assign or offer to assign to Rigel any invention that you developed entirely on your own time without using Rigel s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information except for those inventions that either: 

(1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Rigel s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Rigel; 

(2) Result from any work performed by you for Rigel. 

To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to require you to assign an invention otherwise excluded from the preceding paragraph, the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 

This limited exclusion does not apply to any patent or invention covered by a contract between Rigel and the United States or any of its agencies requiring full title to such patent or invention to be in the United States. 

I ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT   of a copy of this notification. 

By:  

Name   

WITNESSED: 

By:  

Dated:  

27 

EXHIBIT B 

TO:  Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

FROM:    _______________________________________ 

DATE:   ____________________________________ 

SUBJECT:  Previous Inventions 

1.    Except as listed in Section 2 below, the following is a complete list of all inventions or improvements relevant to the subject matter of my employment at Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. that have been made or conceived or first reduced to practice by me alone or jointly with others prior to my engagement by Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: 

No inventions or improvements. 

See below: 

__________________________________________________________________________________ 

__________________________________________________________________________________ 

__________________________________________________________________________________ 

Additional sheets attached. 

2.   Due  to a prior  confidentiality  agreement, I cannot  complete  the  disclosure  under  Section 1 above with  respect  to  inventions or improvements generally listed below, the proprietary rights and duty of confidentiality with respect to which I owe to  the following party(ies): 

Invention or Improvement    

Party(ies)  

Relationship  

1.  

2.  

3.  

Additional sheets attached   

28 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 rigl-20160930ex103294a81.htm
 EX-10.3

rigl_Ex10_3

Exhibit 10.3 

September 26, 2016 

Joe Lasaga 

[Address omitted] 

Re:  Offer and Employment Terms 

Dear Joe: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) is pleased to offer you the position VP, Business Development and Alliance Management, reporting to me, Raul Rodriguez, on the following terms.  Please take the next few days to carefully review the terms, and let us know if you have any questions. 

If you accept this offer (the "Agreement"), your annual salary will be $270,000 (two hundred and seventy thousand dollars), less all required withholdings and any voluntary payroll deductions, which salary will be reviewed periodically.  In addition, you will be eligible for a company bonus of 40%, based on Company goals. You will be eligible for the Company s standard benefits, including medical insurance, vacation, sick leave, and holidays.  Additionally, under the Company's Amended and Restated Change of Control Severance Plan (attached hereto-see Appendix A for precise terms), you will qualify for a severance of 2x (salary + eligible bonus) under certain conditions. The Company may modify compensation and benefits from time to time, as it deems necessary.  

Additionally, the Compensation Committee will grant you the following inducement equity grant after commencement of your employment: an option to purchase (1) 150,000 (one hundred and fifty thousand) shares of the Company's common stock, which has a four year vesting period initiated on your start-date--1/4  th   (one-fourth) of the shares vest one year after your hire date, and 1/48  th    (one forty-eighth) of the shares vest monthly thereafter over the next three years ( time-based option grant ), and (2) 50,000 (fifty thousand) shares of the Company s common stock, which has a 4 year vesting period, where the 4 year vesting period initiates upon the achievement of the performance goal of [*] ( performance-based option grant ).  The strike price for the time-based and performance-based option grants shall be the same as the close price on NASDAQ, the day prior to the date that the Compensation Committee makes the grant.  

Additionally, within 30 days of commencement of your employment, you will receive a sign-on bonus in the amount of $30,000 (thirty thousand dollars), less all required withholdings. Should you voluntarily terminate employment less than 12 months from your date of hire, you agree to repay, in full, the sign-on bonus amount of $30,000. 

As a Rigel employee, you will be expected to sign and comply with the Company Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 1, which prohibits unauthorized use or disclosure of Company proprietary information.   You will be responsible for all duties customarily associated with this position. You will work at our facility located at 1180 Veterans Boulevard, South San Francisco, California. Of course, the Company may change your position, duties and work location from time to time, as it deems necessary. 

You may terminate your employment with the Company at any time and for any reason whatsoever simply by notifying the Company. Likewise, the Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause or advance notice.   This at-will employment relationship cannot be changed except in a writing signed by a Company officer. 

You agree that, for one (1) year following the termination of your employment with the Company, you will not personally initiate or participate in the solicitation of any employee of the Company or any of its affiliates to terminate his or her relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates in order to become an employee for any other   

[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked by brackets, has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

1 

person or business entity. 

To ensure rapid and economical resolution of any disputes which may arise under this Agreement, you and the Company agree that any and all disputes or controversies, whether of law or fact of any nature whatsoever  (including, but not limited to, all state and federal statutory and discrimination claims), with the sole exception of those disputes which may arise from your Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement,  arising from or regarding  your  employment or the termination thereof, or the interpretation, performance, enforcement  or breach of this Agreement  shall be resolved  by confidential, final and binding arbitration under the then-existing Rules of Practice  and Procedure  of Judicial  Arbitration and Mediation  Services, Inc. (JAMS), which shall be conducted in San Francisco, California. 

This Agreement, including Exhibit 1, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the terms and conditions of your employment. This Agreement is entered into without reliance upon any promise, warranty or representation, written or oral, other than those expressly contained herein, and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties, representations or agreements. It may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by you and a duly authorized representative of the Company.   If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination will not affect any other provision of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California and shall be deemed drafted by both parties.  As required by law, this offer is subject to satisfactory proof of your right to work in the United States. 

We are very excited about your joining our team and being part of Rigel's plan for success.  As discussed, we expect your start date to be on or around October 10  th  .  Please formalize your acceptance by providing us with your signature on this letter and the Exhibit 1. 

Sincerely, 

/s/  Raul Rodriguez 

Raul Rodriguez 

CEO, Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Accepted: 

/s/ Joe Lasaga   

Joe Lasaga 

Date:  9/28/16 

2 

APPENDIX A 

FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN 

Section 1.                  INTRODUCTION. 

The Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the    Plan   ) was originally established effective December 17, 2007 and was amended and restated effective November 13, 2008.  The purpose of the Plan is to provide for the payment of severance benefits to certain eligible executives of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the    Company   ) who meet the eligibility criteria set forth in Section 2(a) below.  This Plan supersedes any severance plan, policy or practice with respect to Qualifying Terminations (as defined below), whether formal or informal, written or unwritten, previously announced or maintained by the Company.  This Plan document also is the Summary Plan Description for the Plan.  The Company hereby amends and restates the Plan in its entirety effective January 1, 2011 as set forth herein. 

Section 2.                  ELIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS. 

(a)               General Rules.    Subject to the requirements of the Plan, the Company will grant the severance benefits described in Section 3 to Eligible Employees. 

(1)               Definition of  Eligible Employee.     For purposes of this Plan, an Eligible Employee is an employee of the Company serving as an Executive Officer (as defined in 3b-7 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and qualifying for treatment as an officer under Section 16 of the Security Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) at the time he or she suffers a  Qualifying Termination  (as defined below).  The Plan Administrator shall make the determination of whether an employee is an Eligible Employee, and such determination shall be binding and conclusive on all persons.  Temporary employees and independent contractors are not eligible for severance benefits under the Plan. 

(2)               Obligations of Eligible Employees.    In order to receive any benefits under the Plan: 

(i)                the Eligible Employee must remain on the job and satisfactorily provide services to the Company until his or her date of termination; 

(ii)               the Eligible Employee must execute and return to the Company a general waiver and release in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, Exhibit B or Exhibit C, as applicable, within the time frame set forth therein (the    Release   ) and such release must become effective in accordance with its terms but not later than the 60th day following the termination of employment (with the Company having the authority, in its discretion, to modify the form of the required release to comply with applicable law and to determine the form of the required release, which may be incorporated into a termination agreement or other agreement with the Eligible Employee) and notwithstanding the payment schedules set forth in Appendix A, no benefits will be paid prior to the effective date of the Release but rather on the first regular payroll pay day following the effective date of the Release, the Company will pay the Eligible Employee the benefits the Eligible Employee would otherwise have received on or prior to such date but for the delay in payment related to the effectiveness of the Release, with the balance of the benefits being paid as originally scheduled; and 

(iii)             the Eligible Employee must remain in compliance with his or her continuing obligations to the Company, including obligations under his or her Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement (such form, or any similar form, the    Proprietary Agreement   ). 

(b)               Exceptions to Benefit Entitlement.    An employee who otherwise is an Eligible Employee will not receive benefits under the Plan (or will receive reduced benefits under the Plan) in the following circumstances, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion: 

3 

(1)               The employee is covered by any other severance or separation pay plan, policy or practice of the Company or has executed an individually negotiated employment contract or agreement with the Company relating to severance benefits, in either case with respect to severance benefits payable upon an event that constitutes a Qualifying Termination (used herein as defined herein), and such agreement, plan, policy or practice is in effect on his or her termination date.  In such case, the employee s severance benefit upon a Qualifying Termination, if any, shall be governed by the terms of such agreement, plan, policy or practice and shall be governed by this Plan only to the extent that (i) the employee elects to waive and release all claims and rights the employee has to severance pay or benefits upon a Qualifying Termination under such agreement, plan, policy, or practice or (ii) the reduction pursuant to Section 3(c) below does not entirely eliminate benefits under this Plan. 

(2)               The employee s employment terminates other than as a result of a Qualifying Termination (including a termination for Cause prior to the effective date of a previously scheduled Qualifying Termination, a termination as a result of death or disability, or the employee voluntarily terminates employment with the Company other than as a Resignation for Good Reason.  Voluntary terminations include, but are not limited to, resignation, retirement, failure to return from a leave of absence on the scheduled date and/or termination in order to accept employment with another entity (including but not limited to any entity that is wholly or partly owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company or an affiliate of the Company.)). 

(3)               The employee has not signed an enforceable Proprietary Agreement covering the employee s period of employment with the Company (and with any predecessor) and does not confirm in writing that he or she is and shall remain subject to the terms of that Proprietary Agreement. 

(4)               Following notice of a Qualifying Termination, the employee s behavior rises to level of Cause for termination. 

(c)               An involuntary termination without    Cause    means an involuntary termination of an employee s employment by the Company other than as a result of death or disability and other than for one of the following reasons: 

(1)               an intentional action or intentional failure to act by the employee that was performed in bad faith and to the material detriment of the business of the Company or an Employer; 

(2)               an employee s intentional refusal or intentional failure to act in accordance with any lawful and reasonable order of his or her superiors that has not been cured within ten (10) days after written notice from the Company, or that has caused irreparable damage incapable of cure; 

(3)               an employee s habitual or gross neglect of the duties of employment that has not been cured within ten (10) days after written notice from the Company, or that has caused irreparable damage incapable of cure; 

(4)               an employee s indictment, charge, or conviction of a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude, or participation in any act of theft or dishonesty, in each case, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material detrimental effect on the business of the Company; or 

(5)               an employee s violation of any material provision of the Proprietary Agreement or violation of any material provision of any other written Company policy or procedure. 

(d)               A    Change of Control    means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

(1)               a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to an entity, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease or other disposition; 

4 

(2)               a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; or 

(3)               any  Exchange Act Person  becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. 

(e)               An    Exchange Act Person        means any natural person, entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), except that  Exchange Act Person  shall not include (1) the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, (2) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, (3) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, (4) an entity owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company; or (5) any natural person, entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that, as of the effective date of this Plan, is the owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 

(f)                A    Qualifying Termination    means an involuntary termination without Cause or a Resignation for Good Reason and in either case provided such termination is a separation from service  (as such term is defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations) and such termination occurs on or within eighteen (18) months following the effective date of the Change of Control. 

(g)               A    Resignation for Good Reason    means the Eligible Employee has resigned from all positions he or she then-holds with the Company (or any successor thereto): 

(1)               one of the following actions has been taken: 

(i)                there is a material diminution of Eligible Employee s authority  ,   including but not limited to decision-making authority  ,   duties, or responsibilities; 

(ii)               there is a material reduction in the Eligible Employee s annual base compensation (including the base salary and target bonus opportunity),     where material is considered greater than 5%; 

(iii)             the Eligible Employee is required to relocate his or her primary work location to a facility or location that would increase the Eligible Employee s one way commute distance by more than twenty (20)     miles from the Eligible Employee s primary work location as of immediately prior to such change; 

(iv)              A material diminution in the authority, duties, or responsibilities of the supervisor to whom the Eligible Employee is required to report  ,   including a requirement that the Eligible Employee report to a corporate officer or employee instead of reporting directly to the board of directors of a corporation (or similar governing body with respect to an entity other than a corporation); 

(v)                A material diminution in the     budget     over which the Eligible Employee retains authority; 

5 

(vi)              the Eligible Employee is required, as a condition to continued service, to enter into any agreement with the Company or a successor thereto regarding confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar restrictive covenant that is materially more restrictive than under the Proprietary Agreement; 

(vii)             the Company materially breaches its obligations under this Plan or any then-effective written employment agreement with the Eligible Employee; or 

(viii)            any acquirer, successor or assign of the Company fails to assume and perform, in all material respects, the obligations of the Company hereunder; and 

(2)               the Eligible Employee provides written notice to the Company s General Counsel within the 60-day period immediately following such action; and 

(3)               such action is not remedied by the Company within thirty (30) days following the Company s receipt of such written notice; and 

(4)               the Eligible Employee s resignation is effective not later than sixty (60) days after the expiration of such thirty (30) day cure period. 

Section 3.                  AMOUNT OF BENEFIT. 

(a)               Severance Benefits.    Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the severance benefits that shall be provided to Eligible Employees under the Plan are set forth in Appendix A. 

(b)               Additional Benefits.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, authorize benefits in an amount in addition to those benefits set forth in Section 3(a) to an Eligible Employee.  The provision of any such benefits to an Eligible Employee shall in no way obligate the Company to provide such benefits to any other Eligible Employee or to any other employee, even if similarly situated.  Receipt of benefits under this Plan pursuant to such exceptions may be subject to a covenant of confidentiality and non-disclosure. 

(c)               Certain Reductions.    The Company shall reduce an Eligible Employee s severance benefits under this Plan, in whole or in part, by any other severance benefits, pay in lieu of notice, or other similar benefits payable to the Eligible Employee by the Company in connection with the Eligible Employee s Qualifying Termination, including but not limited to any payments or benefits that are due pursuant to (i) any other severance plan, policy or practice, or any individually negotiated employment contract or agreement with the Company relating to severance benefits, in each case, as is in effect on the Eligible Employee s termination date, (ii) any applicable legal requirement, including, without limitation, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (the    WARN Act   ), or (iii) any Company policy or practice providing for the Eligible Employee to remain on the payroll without being in active service for a limited period of time after being given notice of the termination of the Eligible Employee s employment.  The benefits provided under this Plan are intended to satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, any and all statutory obligations that may arise out of an Eligible Employee s termination of employment, and the Plan Administrator shall so construe and implement the terms of the Plan.  In the Company s sole discretion, such reductions may be applied on a retroactive basis, with severance benefits previously paid being recharacterized as payments pursuant to the Company s statutory obligation. 

(d)               Parachute Payments.   If any payment or benefit an Eligible Employee would receive pursuant to a Change in Control from the Company or otherwise (   Payment   ) would (i) constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the    Code   ), and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the    Excise Tax   ), then such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount.  The    Reduced Amount    shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in the Eligible Employee s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting  parachute   

6 

payments  is necessary so that the Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur in the manner that results in the greatest economic benefit for the Eligible Employee.  If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata. 

In the event it is subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service that some portion of the Reduced Amount as determined pursuant to clause (x) in the preceding paragraph is subject to the Excise Tax, the Eligible Employee agrees to promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment so that no portion of the Reduced Amount is subject to the Excise Tax.  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (y) in the preceding paragraph, the Eligible Employee will have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

Unless the Eligible Employee and the Company agree on an alternative accounting firm or law firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax compliance purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in Control shall perform the foregoing calculations.  If the accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change in Control, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting or law firm to make the determinations required hereunder.  The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or law firm required to be made hereunder. 

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the accounting or law firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Eligible Employee and the Company within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which the Eligible Employee s right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Eligible Employee or the Company) or such other time as requested by the Eligible Employee or the Company. 

(e)               Code Section 409A.     If the Company (or, if applicable, the successor entity thereto) determines that the payments and benefits provided under the Plan (the    Plan Payments   ) constitute  deferred compensation  under Code Section 409A (together, with any state law of similar effect,    Section 409A   ) and an Eligible Employee is a  specified employee  of the Company or any successor entity thereto, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) (a    Specified Employee   ), then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the Plan Payments shall be delayed as follows:  on the earliest to occur of (1) the date that is six months and one day after a  separation from service  (as such term is defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations), and (2) the date of the Eligible Employee s death (such earliest date, the    Delayed Initial Payment Date   ), and the Company (or the successor entity thereto, as applicable) shall then (i) pay to the Eligible Employee a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the Plan Payments that the Eligible Employee would otherwise have received through the Delayed Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the Plan Payments had not been delayed pursuant to this Section 3(e) and (ii) commence paying the balance of the Plan Payments in accordance with the applicable payment schedules set forth in on Appendix A.  Prior to the imposition of any delay on the Plan Payments as set forth above, it is intended that (A) each installment of the Plan Payments provided in Appendix A be regarded as a separate  payment  for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i), (B) all Plan Payments provided in Appendix A satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and (C) the Plan Payments consisting of COBRA premiums also satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemption from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v). 

Section 4.                  COMPANY PROPERTY. 

(a)               Return of Company Property.    An Eligible Employee will not be entitled to any severance under the Plan unless and until the Eligible Employee returns all Company Property.  For this purpose,    Company Property    means all paper and electronic company documents (and all copies thereof) created and/or received by the Eligible Employee during his or her period of employment with the Company and other Company Property which the Eligible Employee had in his or her possession or control at any time, including, but not limited to, Company and/or Employer files, notes, drawings records, plans, forecasts, reports, studies, analyses, proposals, agreements, financial information, research and development information, sales and marketing information, operational and personnel information, specifications, code, software, databases, computer-recorded information, tangible property and equipment   

7 

(including, but not limited to, leased vehicles, computers, computer equipment, software programs, facsimile machines, mobile telephones, servers), credit and calling cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys; and any materials of any kind which contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information of the Company and/or an Employer (and all reproductions thereof in whole or in part).  As a condition to receiving benefits under the Plan, Eligible Employees must not make or retain copies, reproductions or summaries of any such Company Property.  However, an Eligible Employee is not required to return his or her personal copies of documents evidencing the Eligible Employee s hire, termination, compensation, benefits and stock options and any other documentation received as a shareholder of the Company. 

(b)               Transition of Work.    An Eligible Employee will not be entitled to any severance benefit under the Plan unless and until the Eligible Employee (1) has satisfactorily transitioned his or her work and information concerning his or her work to the Company to the extent reasonably requested in writing by the Company and (2) has provided the Company with all logins, passwords, passcodes and similar information created by the Eligible Employee for documents, email and electronic files that the Eligible Employee created or used on Company systems. 

Section 5.                  TIME OF PAYMENT AND FORM OF BENEFIT. 

Except as otherwise provided in Section 3, all severance benefits under the Plan shall be paid at the time and in the form provided in Appendix A following the Eligible Employee s satisfaction of all of the requirements under the Plan.  All payments under the Plan will be subject to applicable withholding for federal, state and local taxes.  If an Eligible Employee is indebted to the Company at his or her termination date, the Company reserves the right to offset any severance payments under the Plan by the amount of such indebtedness.  Additionally, if an Eligible Employee is subject to withholding for taxes related to any non-Plan benefits, the Company may offset any severance payments under the Plan by the amount of such withholding taxes.  However, payments under the Plan will not be subject to any other deductions such as, but not limited to, 401(k) plan contributions and/or 401(k) loan repayments or other employee benefit and benefit plan contributions. 

Section 6.                  RIGHT TO INTERPRET PLAN; AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION. 

(a)               Exclusive Discretion.    The Plan Administrator is the Company.  As Plan Administrator, the Company is the named fiduciary charged with the responsibility for administering the Plan.  The Plan Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion and authority to establish rules, forms, and procedures for the administration of the Plan and to construe and interpret the Plan and to decide any and all questions of fact, interpretation, definition, computation or administration arising in connection with the operation of the Plan, including, but not limited to, the eligibility to participate in the Plan and amount of benefits paid under the Plan.  The Plan Administrator may delegate any or all of its administrative duties to an officer of the Company and any such delegation shall convey with it the full discretionary authority of the Plan Administrator to carry out the delegated duties.  The Company or the Plan Administrator shall indemnify and hold harmless any person to whom it delegated its responsibilities;   provided  ,   however  , such person does not act with gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The rules, interpretations, computations and other actions of the Plan Administrator or its delegate shall be binding and conclusive on all persons. 

(b)               Termination; Amendment. 

(1)               This Plan will automatically renew on January 1, 2012 and each subsequent January 1  st   if no Change of Control has occurred by that date.  If a Change of Control has occurred by that date, this Plan will terminate on the date that is eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the effective date of the Change of Control;    provided, however,   that no such termination shall affect the right to any unpaid benefit of any Eligible Employee whose Qualifying Termination date has occurred prior to such date, and such unpaid benefit rights shall continue to be governed by the terms of this plan. 

(2)               The Company reserves the right to amend this Plan (including the exhibits and appendices hereto) and the benefits provided hereunder at any time prior to a Change of Control of the Company;   provided, however,   that no such amendment shall affect the right to any unpaid benefit of any Eligible Employee whose Qualifying Termination date has occurred prior to amendment of the Plan. 

8 

(3)               Any purported amendment or termination of this Plan (and the exhibits and appendices hereto) upon or following a Change of Control of the Company will not be effective as to any Eligible Employee who has not consented, in writing, to such amendment or termination. Any action amending or terminating the Plan shall be in writing and executed by a duly authorized executive officer of the Company. 

Section 7.                  NO IMPLIED EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT. 

The Plan shall not be deemed (i) to give any employee or other person any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or (ii) to interfere with the right of the Company to discharge any employee or other person at any time, with or without cause, which right is hereby reserved. 

Section 8.                  LEGAL CONSTRUCTION. 

This Plan is intended to be governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (   ERISA   ) and, to the extent not preempted by ERISA, the laws of the State of California (without regard to principles of conflict of laws). 

Section 9.                  CLAIMS, INQUIRIES AND APPEALS. 

(a)               Applications for Benefits and Inquiries.    Any application for benefits, inquiries about the Plan or inquiries about present or future rights under the Plan must be submitted to the Plan Administrator in writing by an applicant (or his or her authorized representative).  The Plan Administrator is: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Attn: General Counsel 

1180 Veterans Boulevard 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

(b)               Denial of Claims.    In the event that any application for benefits is denied in whole or in part, the Plan Administrator must provide the applicant with written or electronic notice of the denial of the application, and of the applicant s right to review the denial.  Any electronic notice will comply with the regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor.  The notice of denial will be set forth in a manner designed to be understood by the applicant and will include the following: 

(1)               the specific reason or reasons for the denial; 

(2)               references to the specific Plan provisions upon which the denial is based; 

(3)               a  description of any additional information or material that the Plan Administrator needs to complete the review and an explanation of why such information or material is necessary; and 

(4)               an explanation of the Plan s review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the applicant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following a denial on review of the claim, as described in Section 10(d) below. 

This notice of denial will be given to the applicant within ninety (90) days after the Plan Administrator receives the application, unless special circumstances require an extension of time, in which case, the Plan Administrator has up to an additional ninety (90) days for processing the application.  If an extension of time for processing is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the applicant before the end of the initial ninety (90) day period. 

This notice of extension will describe the special circumstances necessitating the additional time and the date by which the Plan Administrator is to render its decision on the application. 

9 

(c)               Request for a Review.    Any person (or that person s authorized representative) for whom an application for benefits is denied, in whole or in part, may appeal the denial by submitting a request for a review to the Plan Administrator within sixty (60) days after the application is denied.  A request for a review shall be in writing and shall be addressed to: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Attn: General Counsel 

1180 Veterans Boulevard 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

A request for review must set forth all of the grounds on which it is based, all facts in support of the request and any other matters that the applicant feels are pertinent.  The applicant (or his or her representative) shall have the opportunity to submit (or the Plan Administrator may require the applicant to submit) written comments, documents, records, and other information relating to his or her claim.  The applicant (or his or her representative) shall be provided, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to his or her claim.  The review shall take into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the applicant (or his or her representative) relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. 

(d)               Decision on Review.    The Plan Administrator will act on each request for review within sixty (60) days after receipt of the request, unless special circumstances require an extension of time (not to exceed an additional sixty (60) days), for processing the request for a review.  If an extension for review is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the applicant within the initial sixty (60) day period.  This notice of extension will describe the special circumstances necessitating the additional time and the date by which the Plan Administrator is to render its decision on the review.  The Plan Administrator will give prompt, written or electronic notice of its decision to the applicant. Any electronic notice will comply with the regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor.  In the event that the Plan Administrator confirms the denial of the application for benefits in whole or in part, the notice will set forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by the applicant, the following: 

(1)               the specific reason or reasons for the denial; 

(2)               references to the specific Plan provisions upon which the denial is based; 

(3)               a statement that the applicant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to his or her claim; and 

(4)               a statement of the applicant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 

(e)               Rules and Procedures.    The Plan Administrator will establish rules and procedures, consistent with the Plan and with ERISA, as necessary and appropriate in carrying out its responsibilities in reviewing benefit claims.  The Plan Administrator may require an applicant who wishes to submit additional information in connection with an appeal from the denial of benefits to do so at the applicant s own expense. 

(f)                Exhaustion of Remedies.    No legal action for benefits under the Plan may be brought until the applicant (i) has submitted a written application for benefits in accordance with the procedures described by Section 10(a) above, (ii) has been notified by the Plan Administrator that the application is denied, (iii) has filed a written request for a review of the application in accordance with the appeal procedure described in Section 10(c) above, and (iv) has been notified that the Plan Administrator has denied the appeal.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Plan Administrator does not respond to an applicant s claim or appeal within the relevant time limits specified in this Section 10, the applicant may bring legal action for benefits under the Plan pursuant to Section 502(a) of ERISA. 

10 

Section 10.                BASIS OF PAYMENTS TO AND FROM PLAN. 

The Plan shall be unfunded, and all benefits under the Plan shall be paid only from the general assets of the Company.  An Eligible Employee s right to receive payments under the Plan is no greater than that of the Company s unsecured general creditors.  Therefore, if the Company were to become insolvent, the Eligible Employee might not receive benefits under the Plan. 

Section 11.                OTHER PLAN INFORMATION. 

(a)               Employer and Plan Identification Numbers.   The Employer Identification Number assigned to the Company (which is the    Plan Sponsor    as that term is used in ERISA) by the Internal Revenue Service is 94-3248524.  The Plan Number assigned to the Plan by the Plan Sponsor pursuant to the instructions of the Internal Revenue Service is     510. 

(b)               Ending Date for Plan s Fiscal Year and Type of Plan.    The date of the end of the fiscal year for the purpose of maintaining the Plan s records is December 31.  The Plan is a welfare benefit plan. 

(c)               Agent for the Service of Legal Process.    The agent for the service of legal process with respect to the Plan is: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Attn: General Counsel 

1180 Veterans Boulevard 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

(d)               Plan Sponsor and Administrator.    The Plan Sponsor and the    Plan Administrator    of the Plan is: 

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Attn: General Counsel 

1180 Veterans Boulevard 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

The Plan Sponsor s and Plan Administrator s telephone number is (650) 624-1100 and facsimile number is (650) 624-1101. 

Section 12.                STATEMENT OF ERISA RIGHTS. 

Participants in this Plan are entitled to certain rights and protections under ERISA.  If you are an Eligible Employee, you are considered a participant in the Plan and, under ERISA, you are entitled to: 

(a)               Receive Information About Your Plan and Benefits 

(1)               Examine, without charge, at the Plan Administrator s office and at other specified locations, such as worksites, all documents governing the Plan and a copy of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series), if applicable, filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor and available at the Public Disclosure Room of the Employee Benefits Security Administration; 

(2)               Obtain, upon written request to the Plan Administrator, copies of documents governing the operation of the Plan and copies of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series), if applicable, and an updated (as necessary) Summary Plan Description.  The Administrator may make a reasonable charge for the copies; and 

(3)               Receive a summary of the Plan s annual financial report, if applicable.  The Plan Administrator is required by law to furnish each participant with a copy of this summary annual report. 

11 

(b)               Prudent Actions by Plan Fiduciaries.    In addition to creating rights for Plan participants, ERISA imposes duties upon the people who are responsible for the operation of the employee benefit plan.  The people who operate the Plan, called  fiduciaries  of the Plan, have a duty to do so prudently and in the interest of you and other Plan participants and beneficiaries.  No one, including your employer, your union or any other person, may fire you or otherwise discriminate against you in any way to prevent you from obtaining a Plan benefit or exercising your rights under ERISA. 

(c)               Enforce Your Rights.    If your claim for a Plan benefit is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you have a right to know why this was done, to obtain copies of documents relating to the decision without charge, and to appeal any denial, all within certain time schedules as set forth in detail in Section 10 herein. 

Under ERISA, there are steps you can take to enforce the above rights.  For instance, if you request a copy of Plan documents or the latest annual report from the Plan, if applicable, and do not receive them within 30 days, you may file suit in a Federal court and you are not required to follow the claims procedure set forth in Section 10 herein.  In such a case, the court may require the Plan Administrator to provide the materials and pay you up to $110 a day until you receive the materials, unless the materials were not sent because of reasons beyond the control of the Plan Administrator. 

If you have completed the claims and appeals procedure described in Section 10 and have a claim for benefits which is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you may file suit in a state or Federal court. 

If you are discriminated against for asserting your rights, you may seek assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor, or you may file suit in a Federal court.  The court will decide who should pay court costs and legal fees.  If you are successful, the court may order the person you have sued to pay these costs and fees.  If you lose, the court may order you to pay these costs and fees, for example, if it finds your claim is frivolous. 

(d)               Assistance with Your Questions.    If you have any questions about the Plan, you should contact the Plan Administrator.  If you have any questions about this statement or about your rights under ERISA, or if you need assistance in obtaining documents from the Plan Administrator, you should contact the nearest office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in your telephone directory or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, D.C. 20210.  You may also obtain certain publications about your rights and responsibilities under ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee Benefits Security Administration or accessing its website at http://www.dol.gov/ebsa/. 

Section 13.                GENERAL PROVISIONS. 

(a)               Notices.    Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given by either the Company or an Eligible Employee pursuant to the terms of this Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally or deposited in the U.S. mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the parties, in the case of the Company, at the address set forth in Section 12(d) and, in the case of an Eligible Employee, at the address as set forth in the Company s employment file maintained for the Eligible Employee as previously furnished by the Eligible Employee or such other address as a party may request by notifying the other in writing. 

(b)               Transfer and Assignment.    The rights and obligations of an Eligible Employee under this Plan may not be transferred or assigned without the prior written consent of the Company.  This Plan shall be binding upon any person who is a successor by merger, acquisition, consolidation or otherwise to the business formerly carried on by the Company without regard to whether or not such person or entity actively assumes the obligations hereunder.  Following a Change of Control, any references to the  Company  in this Plan shall be deemed to be references also to any successor to the company. 

(c)               Waiver.    Any party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Plan shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent any party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Plan.  The rights granted the parties herein are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of any party s right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 

12 

(d)               Severability.    Should any provision of this Plan be declared or determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired. 

(e)               Section Headings.    Section headings in this Plan are included for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered part of this Plan for any other purpose. 

Section 14.                CIRCULAR 230 DISCLAIMER. 

THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER IS PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE S CIRCULAR 230 (21 CFR PART 10).  ANY ADVICE IN THIS PLAN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND IT CANNOT BE USED BY YOU FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON YOU.  ANY ADVICE IN THIS PLAN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF PARTICIPATION IN THE COMPANY S CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN.  YOU SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISOR. 

Section 15.                EXECUTION. 

To record the adoption of the Plan as set forth herein, effective as of     January 1, 2011, Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.     has caused its duly authorized officer to execute the same this 16  th   day of December, 2010. 

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Dolly Vance  

Title:  

EVP, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary  

13 

For Employees Age 40 or Older 

Individual Termination 

EXHIBIT A 

RELEASE AGREEMENT 

I understand and agree completely to the terms set forth in the Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the  Plan ). 

I understand that this Release, together with the Plan, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between the Company, affiliates of the Company and me with regard to the subject matter hereof.  I am not relying on any promise or representation by the Company or the Employers that is not expressly stated therein.  Certain capitalized terms used in this Release are defined in the Plan. 

I hereby confirm my obligations under my Proprietary Agreement with the Company and/or the Employer. 

Except as otherwise set forth in this Release, I hereby generally and completely release the Company, the Employers, and their current and former directors, officers, employees, stockholders, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns (collectively, the    Released Parties   ) from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring prior to my signing this Agreement (collectively, the    Released Claims   ).  The Released Claims include, but are not limited to:  (1) all claims arising out of or in any way related to my employment with the Company, the Employers or their affiliates, or the termination of that employment; (2) all claims related to my compensation or benefits, including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company, the Employers, or their affiliates; (3) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (4) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (5) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys  fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (as amended) (   ADEA   ), the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended), and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are not included in the Released Claims (the    Excluded Claims   ): (1) any rights or claims for indemnification I may have pursuant to any written indemnification agreement with the Company to which I am a party, the charter, bylaws, or operating agreements of the Company, or under applicable law;  or (2) any rights which are not waivable as a matter of law.  In addition, nothing in this Release prevents me from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, or the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, except that I hereby waive my right to any monetary benefits in connection with any such claim, charge or proceeding.  I hereby represent and warrant that, other than the Excluded Claims, I am not aware of any claims I have or might have against any of the Released Parties that are not included in the Released Claims. 

I acknowledge that I am knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights I may have under the ADEA.  I also acknowledge that the consideration given for the Released Claims is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled.  I further acknowledge that I have been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that: (a) the Released Claims do not apply to any rights or claims that arise after the date I sign this Release; (b) I should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release (although I may choose voluntarily not to do so); (c) I have twenty-one (21) days to consider this Release (although I may choose to voluntarily to sign it sooner); (d) I have seven (7) days following the date I sign this Release to revoke the Release by providing written notice to an officer of the Company; and (e) the Release will not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired unexercised, which will be the eighth day after I sign this Release (   Effective Date   ). 

14 

I acknowledge that I have read and understand Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which reads as follows:    A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.     I hereby expressly waive and relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to my release of any claims hereunder. 

I hereby represent that I have been paid all compensation owed and for all hours worked, I have received all the leave and leave benefits and protections for which I am eligible, and I have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which I have not already filed a workers  compensation claim. 

I acknowledge that to become effective, I must sign and return this Release to the Company so that it is received not later than twenty-one (21) days following the date it is provided to me, and I must not revoke it thereafter. 

EMPLOYEE  

Name:  

Date:  

15 

For Employees Age 40 or Older 

Group Termination 

EXHIBIT B 

RELEASE AGREEMENT 

I  understand and agree completely to the terms set forth in the Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the  Plan ). 

I understand that this Release, together with the Plan, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between the Company, affiliates of the Company and me with regard to the subject matter hereof.  I am not relying on any promise or representation by the Company or the Employers that is not expressly stated therein.  Certain capitalized terms used in this Release are defined in the Plan. 

I hereby confirm my obligations under my Proprietary Agreement with the Company and/or the Employer. 

Except as otherwise set forth in this Release, I hereby generally and completely release the Company, the Employers, and their current and former directors, officers, employees, stockholders, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns (collectively, the    Released Parties   ) from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring prior to my signing this Agreement (collectively, the    Released Claims   ).  The Released Claims include, but are not limited to:  (1) all claims arising out of or in any way related to my employment with the Company, the Employers or their affiliates, or the termination of that employment; (2) all claims related to my compensation or benefits, including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company, the Employers, or their affiliates; (3) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (4) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (5) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys  fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (as amended) (   ADEA   ), the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended), and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are not included in the Released Claims (the    Excluded Claims   ): (1) any rights or claims for indemnification I may have pursuant to any written indemnification agreement with the Company to which I am a party, the charter, bylaws, or operating agreements of the Company, or under applicable law;  or (2) any rights which are not waivable as a matter of law.  In addition, nothing in this Release prevents me from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, or the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, except that I hereby waive my right to any monetary benefits in connection with any such claim, charge or proceeding.  I hereby represent and warrant that, other than the Excluded Claims, I am not aware of any claims I have or might have against any of the Released Parties that are not included in the Released Claims. 

I acknowledge that I am knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights I may have under the ADEA.  I also acknowledge that the consideration given for the Released Claims is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled.  I further acknowledge that I have been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that: (a) the Released Claims do not apply to any rights or claims that arise after the date I sign this Release; (b) I should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release (although I may choose voluntarily not to do so); (c) I have forty-five (45) days to consider this Release (although I may choose to voluntarily to sign it sooner); (d) I have seven (7) days following the date I sign this Release to revoke the Release by providing written notice to an officer of the Company; and (e) the Release will not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired unexercised, which will be the eighth day after I sign this Release (   Effective Date   ). 

16 

I have received with this Release all of the information required by the ADEA, including without limitation a detailed list of the job titles and ages of all employees who were terminated in this group termination and the ages of all employees of the Company in the same job classification or organizational unit who were not terminated, along with information on the eligibility factors used to select employees for the group termination and any time limits applicable to this group termination program. 

I acknowledge that I have read and understand Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which reads as follows:    A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.     I hereby expressly waive and relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to my release of any claims hereunder. 

I hereby represent that I have been paid all compensation owed and for all hours worked, I have received all the leave and leave benefits and protections for which I am eligible, and I have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which I have not already filed a workers  compensation claim. 

I acknowledge that to become effective, I must sign and return this Release to the Company so that it is received not later than forty-five (45) days following the date it is provided to me, and I must not revoke it thereafter. 

EMPLOYEE  

Name:  

Date:  

17 

For Employees Under Age 40 

Individual and Group Termination 

EXHIBIT C 

RELEASE AGREEMENT 

I understand and agree completely to the terms set forth in the Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the  Plan ). 

I understand that this Release, together with the Plan, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between the Company, affiliates of the Company and me with regard to the subject matter hereof.  I am not relying on any promise or representation by the Company or the Employers that is not expressly stated therein.  Certain capitalized terms used in this Release are defined in the Plan. 

I hereby confirm my obligations under my Proprietary Agreement with the Company and/or the Employer. 

Except as otherwise set forth in this Release, I hereby generally and completely release the Company, the Employers, and their current and former directors, officers, employees, stockholders, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors, successors, parent and subsidiary entities, insurers, affiliates, and assigns (collectively, the    Released Parties   ) from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring prior to my signing this Agreement (collectively, the    Released Claims   ).  The Released Claims include, but are not limited to:  (1) all claims arising out of or in any way related to my employment with the Company, the Employers or their affiliates, or the termination of that employment; (2) all claims related to my compensation or benefits, including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company, the Employers, or their affiliates; (3) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (4) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (5) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys  fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (as amended).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are not included in the Released Claims (the    Excluded Claims   ): (1) any rights or claims for indemnification I may have pursuant to any written indemnification agreement with the Company to which I am a party, the charter, bylaws, or operating agreements of the Company, or under applicable law;  or (2) any rights which are not waivable as a matter of law.  In addition, nothing in this Release prevents me from filing, cooperating with, or participating in any proceeding before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, or the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, except that I hereby waive my right to any monetary benefits in connection with any such claim, charge or proceeding.  I hereby represent and warrant that, other than the Excluded Claims, I am not aware of any claims I have or might have against any of the Released Parties that are not included in the Released Claims. 

I acknowledge that I have read and understand Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which reads as follows:    A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.      I hereby expressly waive and relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to my release of any claims hereunder. 

I hereby represent that I have been paid all compensation owed and for all hours worked, I have received all the leave and leave benefits and protections for which I am eligible, and I have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which I have not already filed a workers  compensation claim. 

I acknowledge that to become effective, I must sign and return this Release to the Company so that it is received not later than fourteen (14) days following the date it is provided to me. 

18 

EMPLOYEE  

Name:  

Date:  

19 

APPENDIX A 

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN 

Severance benefits provided to Eligible Employees under the Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Severance Plan (the  Plan ) are as follows: 

1.                                          Severance Benefits.    Subject to the exceptions set forth in Section 2 of the Plan, each Eligible Employee who suffers a Qualifying Termination and who meets all of the requirements set forth in the Plan, including, without limitation, executing and letting become effective a general waiver and release in substantially the form attached to the Plan as Exhibit A, Exhibit B or Exhibit C, as applicable, within the applicable time period set forth therein, shall receive severance benefits as set forth in this Appendix A. 

(a)                                      Cash Severance.    The Company shall make a lump sum payment of  Cash Severance  to the Eligible Employee in an amount determined as follows: 

Title at Termination  

Amount  

CEO, President or EVP  

2.5 x (Base Salary + Eligible Bonus)  

SVP or VP  

2.0 x (Base Salary + Eligible Bonus)  

Subject to Section 3(e) of the Plan, the Cash Severance will be paid in a lump sum on the first regular payroll date following the effective date of the general waiver and release, but in no event later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs. 

(b)                                      COBRA Premium Benefit.    If the Eligible Employee was enrolled in a group health plan (  i.e.  , medical, dental, or vision plan) sponsored by the Company or an affiliate of the Company immediately prior to the Qualifying Termination, the Eligible Employee may be eligible to continue coverage under such group health plan (or to convert to an individual policy) at the time of the Eligible Employee s termination of employment under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (together with any state law of similar effect,    COBRA   ).  The Company will notify the Eligible Employee of any such right to continue such coverage at the time of termination pursuant to COBRA.  No provision of this Plan will affect the continuation coverage rules under COBRA, except that the Company s payment, if any, of applicable insurance premiums, or waiver of any cost of coverage under any self-funded group health plan, will be credited as payment by the Eligible Employee for purposes of the Eligible Employee s payment required under COBRA.  Therefore, the period during which an Eligible Employee may elect to continue the Company s or its affiliate s group health plan coverage at his or her own expense under COBRA, the length of time during which COBRA coverage will be made available to the Eligible Employee, and all other rights and obligations of the Eligible Employee under COBRA (except the obligation to pay insurance premiums that the Company pays, if any, or, with respect to a self-funded plan, any obligation to pay the cost of coverage to the Company that the Company waives, if any) will be applied in the same manner that such rules would apply in the absence of this Plan. 

Provided that the Eligible Employee and/or his or her eligible dependents elect continued medical insurance coverage in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 and any other applicable state and federal law (commonly referred to as    COBRA   ), the Company shall pay to the Eligible Employee, on the first day of each month, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the applicable COBRA premiums for that month (including premiums for the Eligible Employee and his or her eligible dependents who have elected and remain enrolled in such COBRA coverage), subject to applicable tax withholdings (such amount, the    Special Severance Payment   ), for a number of months equal to the lesser of (i) the duration of the period in which the Eligible Employee and his or her eligible dependents are enrolled in such COBRA coverage (and not otherwise covered by another employer s group health plan that does not impose an applicable preexisting condition exclusion) and (ii) eighteen (18) months.  The Eligible Employee may, but is not   

20 

obligated to, use such Special Severance Payment toward the cost of COBRA premiums. On the 45  th   day following the Eligible Employee s termination of employment, the Company will make the first payment to the Eligible Employee under this Section Section 1(b), in a lump sum, equal to the aggregate Special Severance Payments that the Company would have paid to the Participant through such date had the Special Severance Payments commenced on the first day of the first month following the termination of employment through such day, with the balance of the Special Severance Payments paid thereafter on the schedule described above.  In the event the terminated Eligible Employee becomes covered under another employer s group health plan (other than a plan that imposes a preexisting condition exclusion unless the preexisting condition exclusion does not apply) or otherwise ceases to be eligible for COBRA during the period provided in this Section 1(b), then the Eligible Employee must immediately notify the Company of such event, and the Special Severance Payments shall cease.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it may pay COBRA premiums for Eligible Employee and any dependents covered under the Company s group health plan immediately prior to such termination of employment without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in lieu of paying to the Eligible Employee the Special Severance Payments described above, for a period of 12 months commencing one calendar day following the date upon which Eligible Employee incurs a termination of employment, the Company shall pay COBRA premiums for Eligible Employee and any dependents covered under the Company s group health plan immediately prior to such termination of employment, provided that the Company may cease making such premium payments when Eligible Employee secures other employment and becomes eligible to participate in the health insurance plan of Eligible Employee s new employer (other than a plan that imposes a preexisting condition exclusion unless the preexisting condition exclusion does not apply). 

For purposes of this Section 1(b), any applicable insurance premiums that are paid by the Company shall not include any amounts payable by the Eligible Employee under an Internal Revenue Code Section 125 health care reimbursement plan, which amounts, if any, are the sole responsibility of the Eligible Employee. 

(c)                                      Accelerated Vesting.     The vesting and exercisability of all then-outstanding compensatory equity awards held by the Eligible Employee shall be accelerated such that the awards are fully vested and exercisable as of the date of the Qualifying Termination. 

(d)                                      Extended Period to Exercise Post Termination.        If the Eligible Employee has signed an agreement to extend the period to exercise post termination within thirty (30) days after becoming eligible to participate in the Plan, the Company will amend such Eligible Employee s then-outstanding stock options to extend the post-termination exercise period of such options that is applicable upon a Qualifying Termination until the earlier of (i) the original end of the term of each such option (generally 10 years from the date of grant) or (ii) the one (1) year anniversary of the date of the Qualifying Termination. 

2.                                          Definitions:    The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this Appendix A: 

(a)                                       Base Salary    shall mean the greater of the Eligible Employee s base salary in effect immediately prior to (i) the Change of Control or (ii) the date of the Qualifying Termination. Base Salary does not include variable forms of compensation such as bonuses, incentive compensation, commissions, expenses or expense allowances. 

(b)                                       Eligible Bonus    shall mean the product of (i) the average percentage of the target annual incentive bonus earned by the Eligible Employee for performance during the two fiscal years immediately prior to the fiscal year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs and (ii) the target annual incentive bonus, expressed in dollars, which the Eligible Employee is eligible to earn in the fiscal year in which (A) the Change of Control occurs or (B) the Qualifying Termination occurs, whichever of (A) or (B) is greater.  

21 

The foregoing severance benefits are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, including reduction against any other severance owed to the Eligible Employee. 

Appendix A Adopted: January 1, 2011  

Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

By:  

/s/ Dolly Vance  

Title:  

EVP, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary  

22 

EXHIBIT 1 

FORM OF EMPLOYEE CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS/INFORMATION AGREEMENT 

In consideration of  my employment or continued employment by Rigel Pharmaceuticals,  Inc. (   Rigel   ), and the compensation now and  hereafter paid to me, I    __________________________   hereby agree to the following terms  and conditions: 

1.    NONDISCLOSURE 

1.1    Recognition  of Rigel s Rights; Nondisclosure.   At all  times  during  my employment  at Rigel and thereafter, I will hold in strictest confidence and  will not disclose,  use,  lecture  upon  or publish  Rigel s  Proprietary  Information  (defined below), except as such disclosure,  use  or  publication may be required in connection with my work for Rigel, or  unless  an officer  of Rigel expressly  authorizes such in writing. I will  obtain Rigel s written approval before publishing or  submitting for  publication  any  material (written,  verbal,  or  otherwise)  that relates to  my work at Rigel and/or incorporates  any Proprietary  Information.  I  hereby  assign  to  Rigel  any rights I may have  or  acquire  in  such  Proprietary Information  and  recognize  that  all Proprietary  Information shall be the sole property of Rigel and its assigns. 

1.2    Proprietary  Information.    The  term     Proprietary  Information    shall mean any and all  confidential and/or proprietary knowledge,  data or information  of Rigel  and its affiliated entities.  By way  of  illustration  but not  limitation,     Proprietary  Information     includes  (a)  trade  secrets,  inventions,  ideas, processes, formulas, data,  programs, other works of authorship,  know-how, improvements,  discoveries, cell lines, chemical compounds,  developments,  designs and  techniques (hereinafter collectively  referred  to  as     Inventions   ); and  (b)  information regarding  plans  for  research,  development,  new  products,  marketing  and  selling,  business  plans,  budgets  and  unpublished  financial  statements,  licenses,  prices and  costs,  suppliers  and  customers;  and (c)  information  regarding  the  skills  and  compensation  of other contract workers placed at Rigel or employees of  Rigel. Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  it is understood  that, at all such  times, I am  free  to  use  information  which  is generally  known  in  the  trade  or  industry, which  is  not  gained  as  result  of a breach  of  this  Agreement, and my own, skill, knowledge, know-how and experience to  whatever extent and in whichever way I wish. 

1.3    Third  Party  Information.    I understand,  in addition, that Rigel  has received and in the future will receive from third parties confidential  or  proprietary  information  (   Third  Party Information   )  subject  to a  duty  on  Rigel s  part  to  maintain  the  confidentiality  of  such  information  and to use it only for certain limited purposes.  During  the term of  my employment  at Rigel  and thereafter, I will hold Third  Party  Information  in  the  strictest  confidence and will  not disclose  to  anyone (other than Rigel personnel who need to know such information in connection with  their work  for Rigel)  or use, except in connection  with my work  for Rigel,  Third  Party  Information  unless  expressly  authorized in writing by an authorized representative of Rigel. 

1.4    No Improper Use  of  Information  of  Prior  Work  Placements, Employers and Others.    During my employment at Rigel  I will  not  improperly  use  or  disclose  any confidential information  or  trade secrets,  if any, of any former  work placement,  employer  or any  other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality,  and I will  not bring onto the premises  of  Rigel  any unpublished  documents  or any property belonging to  any former work placement, employer or  any  other  person  to whom I have  an  obligation  of  confidentiality  unless  consented  to  in writing  by  that  former  wo r k  placement,  employer  or person. I will use in the performance  of my duties only information  which  is  generally  known and  used  by  persons  with  training  and  experience  comparable  to my own, which is common knowledge  in the  industry or  otherwise legally in the public domain, or which is otherwise  provided or developed by Rigel.   

2.    ASSIGNMENT OF INVENTIONS. 

2.1    Proprietary Rights.    The  term    Proprietary Rights     shall  mean all trade secret,  patent,  copyright,  and other intellectual  property  rights throughout the world. 

23 

2.2    Prior  Inventions.    Inventions,  if  any,  patented  or  unpatented, which I made  prior  to  the  commencement of  my  employment  with  Rigel  are excluded  from  the  scope  of  this  Agreement.  To  preclude  any possible  uncertainty, I have  set  forth on    Exhibit B   (Previous  Inventions)  attached  hereto a complete  list of  all  Inventions that I have, alone or jointly with others, conceived, developed  or reduced to practice or caused to be conceived,  developed  or reduced  to  practice  prior  to  the  commencement of  my  work placement with  Rigel,  that I consider to be my property or the property of third parties and that I wish to have excluded from the scope of this Agreement  (collectively  referred  to  as     Prior  Inventions   ).  If  disclosure  of  any  such Prior Invention would cause me to  violate any prior confidentiality  agreement, I understand  that I am not  to  list such  Prior  Inventions  in    Exhibit B   but  am  only  to disclose a cursory  name  for  each  such  invention, a listing of the party(ies) to whom it belongs and the fact that  full disclosure  as to such inventions  has not been made for that reason.  A  space  is  provided  on    Exhibit B   for  such  purpose.  If  no  such  disclosure  is attached, I represent  that there are no Prior Inventions. If,  in the course of my employment at Rigel, I incorporate a Prior Invention  into a Rigel product,  process  or machine,  Rigel is hereby  granted  and  shall  have a nonexclusive,  royalty-free,  irrevocable,  perpetual,  worldwide  license  (with  rights  to sublicense  through  multiple  tiers  of  sublicensees)  to  make,  have  made,  modify,  use  and  sell  such  Prior  Invention. Notwithstanding  the  foregoing, I agree  that I will  not incorporate,  or permit to be incorporated,  Prior Inventions  in any Rigel  Inventions without Rigel s prior written consent. 

2.3    Assignment  of  Inventions.    Subject  to Sections 2.4, and  2.6, I hereby  assign  and agree  to assign  in the future  (when  any such  Inventions  or Proprietary Rights are first conceived,  reduced to practice  or fixed in a tangible medium,  as  applicable)  to Rigel  all my right,  title and interest  in and to any and all Inventions  (and  all Proprietary  Rights with  respect  thereto) whether  or  not  patentable  or  registrable  under  copyright  or  similar  statutes,  made  or  conceived  or  reduced  to  practice or learned by me, either alone or  jointly with others, during the  period of my employment  with Rigel.  Inventions  assigned to Rigel, or  to a third  party  as  directed  by  Rigel  pursuant  to  this  Section  2,  are  hereinafter referred to as    Rigel Inventions  .  

2.4    Nonassignable  Inventions.    This Agreement does not apply to  an Invention that qualifies fully as a nonassignable  Invention under Section 2870  of  the California  Labor Code  (hereinafter     Section  2870   ). I have  reviewed  the  notification  on    Exhibit A   (Limited  Exclusion Notification)  and  agree  that  my  signature  acknowledges  receipt of the notification. 

2.5    Obligation to Keep Rigel Informed.    During the period of my  employment  at Rigel and for twelve  (12) months  after  termination  of  my employment  at Rigel, I will  promptly  disclose  to  Rigel  fully and  in writing  all Inventions  authored,  conceived  or reduced to practice by me, either alone  or  jointly  with  others  that relate  to  Rigel s field  of  business or to the work I  performed for Rigel during my employment at Rigel ( Related  Subsequent  Inventions ).  In addition, I will promptly  disclose  to Rigel all patent  applications  filed  by  me  or  on  my  behalf  within a year after  termination of employment  at Rigel  that claim  or  disclose  Related Subsequent  Inventions. At the  time  of  each  such  disclosure, I will  advise  Rigel  in writing  of  any  Inventions  that  I  believe  fully  qualify for  protection  under  Section  2870;  and I will at that  time  provide  to  Rigel  in  writing  all  evidence  necessary  to  substantiate  that belief.  Rigel will keep in confidence  and will not  use for any purpose or  disclose to  third parties without my consent any  confidential information  disclosed  in writing  to Rigel  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  relating to Inventions  that qualify fully for protection  under  the provisions of Section 2870. I will preserve the confidentiality  of any Invention that does not fully qualify for protection under Section 2870. 

2.6    Government  or Third Party.    I also agree to assign  all my  right, title and interest in and to any particular Invention to a  third party,  including without limitation the United States, as directed by Rigel. 

2.7    Works  for Hire.    I acknowledge  that all original works of  authorship which are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within  the  scope  of  my  employment at Rigel  and which  are  protectable  by  copyright  are   works  made  for hire,   pursuant  to United  States  Copyright Act (17 U.S.C., Section 101). 

2.8    Enforcement  of  Proprietary Rights.    I  will assist  Rigel in  every proper way to obtain, and from time to time enforce, United States  and foreign Proprietary Rights relating to  Rigel Inventions in  any and all  countries.  To that end I will execute, verify and deliver such documents  and  perform  such  other  acts  (including  appearances  as a witness)  as  Rigel  may reasonably  request for  use  in  applying for,  obtaining,  perfecting,  evidencing,  sustaining  and  enforcing  such  Proprietary Rights and the assignment  thereof.  In addition, I will execute,  verify  and  deliver  assignments  of  such  Proprietary  Rights  to  Rigel  or  its  designee. My obligation  to  assist  Rigel  with  respect  to  Proprietary Rights  relating  to   

24 

such  Rigel Inventions  in any and all countries  shall  continue beyond the termination  of my employment  at Rigel, but Rigel  shall compensate me at a reasonable  rate after my termination  for the  time actually spent by me at Rigel s request on such assistance. 

In the event Rigel is unable  for any reason, after reasonable  effort,  to  secure my signature  on any document  needed  in connection with  the  actions  specified in  the  preceding  paragraph, I hereby  irrevocably  designate  and appoint Rigel and its duly authorized  officers and agents  as my agent  and attorney  in fact, which  appointment  is  coupled  with  an interest,  to act for and  in my behalf  to execute, verify and file any  such documents and to  do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the  purposes  of  the  preceding  paragraph with  the  same legal force and  effect as if executed by me. I hereby waive and quitclaim to Rigel any  and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, which I now or may hereafter  have for infringement of any Proprietary Rights assigned  hereunder  to  Rigel. 

3.    Records.    I  agree  to  keep  and maintain  adequate and current  records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings and in  any other  form that  may  be  required  by  Rigel)  of  all  Proprietary  Information  developed  by me and all Inventions  made by me during  the period  of  my  employment at Rigel,  which records shall be available  to  and remain the sole property of Rigel at all times. 

4.    Additional Activities.    I  agree  that  during  the period of my  employment at Rigel I will not, without Rigel s express written consent,  engage  in  any  work  placement or employment  or  business  activity  which is  competitive with, or would otherwise conflict with, my  employment with Rigel. I agree further that for the period of my  employment  by Rigel and for one (l) year after the date of termination  of my employment  at Rigel I will not induce any employee of Rigel to  leave the employ of Rigel. 

5.    No Conflicting Obligation.    I represent  that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement and as temporary contract worker or intern of Rigel does not and will not breach any agreement  to  keep  in  confidence  information  acquired  by me in confidence  or in trust prior  to my employment at Rigel. I have  not  entered  into,  and I agree  I  will  not  enter  into,  any agreement either  written  or  oral  in  conflict herewith. 

6.    Return  of Rigel Documents.    When I leave  my employ  og Rigel, I will deliver  to Rigel any and all drawings,  notes,  memoranda,  specifications,  devices, formulas, samples, and documents, together with  all copies  thereof,  and any other material  containing  or disclosing  any  Rigel Inventions,  Third  Party  Information  or  Proprietary Information  of  Rigel. I further  agree  that  any property situated  on  Rigel s premises and owned by Rigel, including  disks and other storage media,  filing cabinets  or other work areas, is subject  to  inspection  by  Rigel  personnel  at  any time with  or without  notice.  Prior  to  leaving,  I  will  cooperate with Rigel in completing and signing Rigel s termination  statement. 

7.    Legal  and Equitable  Remedies.    Because  my  services  are  personal and unique and because I may have access to and become  acquainted with the Proprietary  Information  of Rigel,  Rigel shall have  the  right  to  enforce  this Agreement and  any  of  its  provisions  by injunction,  specific  performance  or other equitable relief, without  bond  and without prejudice  to any other rights and remedies  that  Rigel  may have for a breach  of this Agreement. 

8.    Notices.    Any  notices  required  or  permitted hereunder  shall be given to the appropriate  party at the address specified below or  at such other address as the party shall specify in writing.  Such notice shall be deemed given upon personal delivery to the appropriate address  or if sent by certified  or registered  mail, three (3) days after the date of  mailing. 

9.    Notification  of New Work Placement.    In  the  event that I  leave  the employ  of Rigel, I hereby  consent  to the notification  of my  new work  placement  or employer  of my rights  and obligations  under  this Agreement. 

10.    General Provisions. 

10.1     Governing Law; Consent to  Personal Jurisdiction.    This  Agreement will be governed by and construed according to the laws of  the State of California, as such laws are applied  to agreements  entered  into and to be performed  entirely within California  between  California  residents. I hereby expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the  state and federal courts located in San  Mateo County, California for any  lawsuit  filed there  against me by Rigel arising  from or related  to this Agreement. 

25 

10.2    Severability.    In  case  any  one  or  more  of  the  provisions  contained in  this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid,  illegal or  unenforceable in  any respect, such invalidity, illegality or  unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions  of this Agreement,  and this Agreement shall be construed as if  such invalid, illegal or unenforceable  provision  had  never  been  contained  herein.  If  moreover,  any  one  or  more  of  the  provisions  contained  in  this  Agreement  shall for any reason  be held to be excessively  broad  as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it  shall be construed by  limiting and reducing it, so as to be  enforceable to the extent compatible  with the applicable law as it shall then appear. 

10.3    Successors  and Assigns.    This Agreement will be binding  upon my heirs, executors,  administrators  and other legal representatives  and will be for the benefit of Rigel, its successors, and its assigns. 

10.4    Survival.    The  provisions  of this Agreement  shall survive the  termination  of my work placement at Rigel and the assignment  of this  Agreement by Rigel to any successor in interest or other assignee. 

10.5    Employment.    I  agree  and  understand  that  nothing  in  this  Agreement shall confer any right with respect to continuation of my  employment at Rigel, nor shall it interfere in any way with my right or  Rigel s right to terminate  my employment  at Rigel at any time, with or  without cause. 

10.6    Waiver.    No waiver  by Rigel of any breach of this Agreement  shall be a waiver of any preceding  or  succeeding  breach. No waiver  by Rigel  of  any right  under  this Agreement shall  be  construed  as  a  waiver of any other right. Rigel shall not be required to give notice to  enforce strict adherence to all terms of this Agreement. 

10.7    Entire Agreement.    The obligations pursuant to  Sections 1 and  2  of  this Agreement  shall  apply  to  any  time  during which I was  previously  placed at Rigel, or am in the future placed at Rigel, by Rigel  as a consultant  if  no  other  agreement  governs  nondisclosure  and  assignment of  inventions during such period. No modification of  or  amendment  to this Agreement,  nor any waiver of any rights under this  Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party to  be charged. Any subsequent change or  changes in my duties, salary or compensation  will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 

This Agreement shall be effective as of the first day of my employment at Rigel, namely:     ______________________ 

I HAVE READ THIS  AGREEMENT CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS. I HAVE COMPLETELY  FILLED OUT EXHIBIT B TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

Signature:  

Name:  

Dated:  

RIGEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By:  

Name   Title:  

26 

EXHIBIT A 

LIMITED EXCLUSION NOTIFICATION 

THIS IS TO NOTIFY   you in accordance with Section 2872 of the California Labor Code that the foregoing Agreement between you and Rigel does not require you to assign or offer to assign to Rigel any invention that you developed entirely on your own time without using Rigel s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information except for those inventions that either: 

(1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Rigel s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Rigel; 

(2) Result from any work performed by you for Rigel. 

To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to require you to assign an invention otherwise excluded from the preceding paragraph, the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 

This limited exclusion does not apply to any patent or invention covered by a contract between Rigel and the United States or any of its agencies requiring full title to such patent or invention to be in the United States. 

I ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT   of a copy of this notification. 

By:  

Name   

WITNESSED: 

By:  

Dated:  

27 

EXHIBIT B 

TO:  Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

FROM:    _______________________________________ 

DATE:   ____________________________________ 

SUBJECT:  Previous Inventions 

1.    Except as listed in Section 2 below, the following is a complete list of all inventions or improvements relevant to the subject matter of my employment at Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. that have been made or conceived or first reduced to practice by me alone or jointly with others prior to my engagement by Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: 

No inventions or improvements. 

See below: 

__________________________________________________________________________________ 

__________________________________________________________________________________ 

__________________________________________________________________________________ 

Additional sheets attached. 

2.   Due  to a prior  confidentiality  agreement, I cannot  complete  the  disclosure  under  Section 1 above with  respect  to  inventions or improvements generally listed below, the proprietary rights and duty of confidentiality with respect to which I owe to  the following party(ies): 

Invention or Improvement    

Party(ies)  

Relationship  

1.  

2.  

3.  

Additional sheets attached   

28 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 rigl-20160930ex3111aa1b4.htm
 EX-31.1

rigl_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Raul R. Rodriguez, certify that: 

1.      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2.      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 1, 2016  

/s/ RAUL R. RODRIGUEZ  

Raul R. Rodriguez  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 rigl-20160930ex31211aad9.htm
 EX-31.2

rigl_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ryan D. Maynard, certify that: 

1.      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2.      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 1, 2016  

/s/ RYAN D. MAYNARD  

Ryan D. Maynard  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 rigl-20160930ex321c0e1eb.htm
 EX-32.1

rigl_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), Raul R. Rodriguez, Chief Executive Officer of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ), and Ryan D. Maynard, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1.      The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 

2.      The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

In Witness Whereof, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of November 1, 2016. 

/s/ RAUL R. RODRIGUEZ  

/s/ RYAN D. MAYNARD  

Raul R. Rodriguez  

Ryan D. Maynard  

Chief Executive Officer  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 rigl-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rigl-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 rigl-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rigl-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rigl-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rigl-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

