<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1321646_0001321646-16-000281_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17856861</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>236962</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1084625</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6663209</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7519306</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2031780</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>60</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001321646-16-000281.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027164203
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001321646-16-000281
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kraton Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001321646
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS, MATERIALS, SYNTH RESINS & NONVULCAN ELASTOMERS [2821]
		IRS NUMBER:				200411521
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34581
		FILM NUMBER:		161956001

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15710 JOHN F. KENNEDY BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77032
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800 457-2866

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15710 JOHN F. KENNEDY BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77032

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kraton Performance Polymers, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091218

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Polymer Holdings LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050324

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001321646-16-000281.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 kra0930201610-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    

Commission File Number 001-34581 

Kraton Corporation 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                       Large accelerated filer: 

Accelerated filer: 
      
      Non-accelerated filer: 

Smaller reporting company: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes           No      
  Number of shares of Kraton Corporation Common Stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding as of   October 24, 2016  :   30,916,346  . 

Index to Quarterly Report 
  on Form 10-Q for 
  Quarter Ended   September 30, 2016    

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    Page 

Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    6 

Item 1  
       
     Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    7 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    7 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    8 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    9 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    10 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    11 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    12 

Item 2  
       
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    49 

Item 3  
       
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    67 

Item 4  
       
     Controls and Procedures  
    67 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1  
       
     Legal Proceedings  
    67 

Item 1A  
       
     Risk Factors  
    67 

Item 6  
       
     Exhibits  
    68 

Signatures  
    69 

2 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
  Some of the statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q under the headings  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in our periodic reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by our officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often characterized by the use of words such as  outlook,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   projects,   may,   intends,   plans  or  anticipates,  or by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions; anticipated benefits of or performance of our products; beliefs regarding opportunities for new, differentiated applications and other innovations; adequacy of cash flows to fund our working capital requirements; our investment in the joint venture with Formosa Petrochemical Corporation ( FPCC  our expectations regarding indebtedness to be incurred by our joint venture with FPCC; expected synergies and cost savings associated with the acquisition of Arizona Chemical Holdings Corporation (now known as AZ Chem Holdings LP,  Arizona Chemical  debt payments, interest payments, benefit plan contributions, and income tax obligations; our anticipated   2016   capital expenditures, health, safety and environmental and infrastructure and maintenance projects, projects to optimize the production capabilities of our manufacturing assets and to support our innovation platform; our ability to fully access our senior secured credit facilities; expectations regarding our counterparties  ability to perform, including with respect to trade receivables; estimates regarding the tax expense of repatriating certain cash and short-term investments related to foreign operations; expectations regarding differentiated applications; our ability to realize certain deferred tax assets and our beliefs with respect to tax positions; expectations regarding our full year effective tax rate; estimates related to the useful lives of certain assets for tax purposes; expectations regarding our pension contributions for fiscal year   2016  ; estimates or expectations related to monomer costs, ending inventory levels and related estimated charges; the outcome and financial impact of legal proceedings; and projections regarding environmental costs and capital expenditures and related operational savings. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or our achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from historical results, any future results, or performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Further description of these risks and uncertainties and other important factors are set forth in this report, in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K, including but not limited to  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  and  Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  therein, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 
             
    failure to successfully integrate Arizona Chemical in the expected time frame, which may adversely affect our future results, including the realization of anticipated cost synergies and the incurrence of additional and/or unexpected costs in order to realize them; 
                
    failure to successfully achieve the expected synergies or significant delays in achieving such expected synergies in connection with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition; 
                
    our substantial indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our current and future indebtedness; 
                
    we may incur additional indebtedness or we may pay dividends in the future, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial financial leverage; 
                
    our current and future debt instruments may impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and affect our ability to access liquidity; 
                
    to service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash; 
                
    our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly; 
                
    conditions in the global economy and capital markets; 
                
    the failure of our raw materials suppliers to perform their obligations under long-term supply agreements, or our inability to replace or renew these agreements when they expire; 
                
    limitations in the availability of raw materials we need to produce our products in the amounts or at the prices necessary for us to effectively and profitably operate our business; 
                
    the promotion of the use of energy from renewable resources and similar legislation in the United States and elsewhere may incentivize the use of crude tall oil ( CTO ) as a feedstock for production of alternative fuels, reducing the availability of CTO in the amounts or prices necessary for our business; 
                
    significant fluctuations in raw material costs may result in volatility in our quarterly operating results and impact the market price of our common stock; 
     
   3 

our reliance on LyondellBasell Industries for the provision of significant operating and other services; 
                
    competition from other producers of styrenic block copolymers and from producers of products that can be substituted for our products; 
                
    our ability to produce and commercialize technological innovations; 
                
    our ability to protect our intellectual property, on which our business is substantially dependent; 
                
    the possibility that our products infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others; 
                
    a major failure of our information systems, which could harm our business; 
                
    seasonality in our business may affect our quarterly operating results; 
                
    the inherently hazardous nature of chemical manufacturing; 
                
    product liability claims and other lawsuits arising from environmental damage, personal injuries, other damages associated with chemical manufacturing or our products; 
                
    political, economic and local business risks in the various countries in which we operate; 
                
    health, safety and environmental laws, including laws that govern our employees  exposure to chemicals deemed harmful to humans; 
                
    regulation of our company or our customers, which could affect the demand for our products or result in increased compliance and other costs; 
                
    customs, international trade, export control, antitrust, zoning and occupancy and labor and employment laws that could require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs; 
                
    fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
                
    we may have additional tax liabilities; 
                
    our formation of a joint venture to expand hydrogenated styrenic block copolymers capacity in Asia; 
                
    our relationship with our employees; 
                
    loss of key personnel or our inability to attract and retain new qualified personnel; 
                
    the fact that we generally do not enter into long-term contracts with our customers; 
                
    a decrease in the fair value of our pension assets could require us to materially increase future funding requirements of the pension plan; 
                
    domestic or international natural disasters or terrorist attacks may disrupt our operations; 
                
    Delaware law and some provisions of our organizational documents that make a takeover of our company more difficult; 
                
    our expectation that we will not pay dividends for the foreseeable future; and 
                
    we are a holding company with nominal net worth and will depend on dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to pay any dividends. 
     There may be other factors of which we are currently unaware or that we deem immaterial that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we express in our forward-looking statements. Although we believe the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these assumptions, and, therefore, also the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could themselves prove to be inaccurate. 
  Forward-looking statements are based on current plans, estimates, assumptions and projections, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them publicly in light of new information or future events. 

4 

Presentation of Financial Statements 
  The terms  Kraton,   our company,   we,   our,   ours  and  us  as used in this report refer collectively to Kraton Corporation, formerly known as Kraton Performance Polymers, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries. Furthermore, these references relate to the combined company including both the legacy Kraton and legacy Arizona Chemical businesses. 
  This Form 10-Q includes financial statements and related notes that present the condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income (loss), and cash flows of Kraton. Kraton Corporation is a holding company whose only material asset is its investment in its wholly owned subsidiary, Kraton Polymers LLC. Kraton Polymers LLC and its subsidiaries own all of our consolidated operating assets. 
  
   5 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
  Kraton Corporation: 
  We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet of Kraton Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of   September 30, 2016  , the related condensed consolidated statements of operations, and comprehensive income (loss), for the   three  -month and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the related condensed consolidated statements of changes in equity, and cash flows for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . These condensed consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. 
  We conducted our reviews in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 
  Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the condensed consolidated financial statements referred to above for them to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
  We have previously audited, in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet of Kraton Corporation and subsidiaries as of   December 31, 2015  , and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated February 24,   2016  , we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived. 
  /s/ KPMG LLP 
  Houston, Texas 
  October 27, 2016    
  
   6 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.  
    Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except par value)    

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  7 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  8 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  9 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  10 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  11 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  1. General 
  Description of our Business.   We are a leading global specialty chemicals company that manufactures styrenic block copolymers ( SBCs ) and other engineered polymers. Effective with the   January 6, 2016   acquisition of Arizona Chemical (the  Arizona Chemical Acquisition ), we are now also a leading global producer of value-added specialty products primarily derived from pine wood pulping co-products. The operating results of Arizona Chemical have been included in these financial statements since January 6, 2016, the date of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition.  
  SBCs are highly-engineered synthetic elastomers, which we invented and commercialized over   50 years   ago. We developed the first unhydrogenated styrenic block copolymers ( USBC ) in 1964 and the first hydrogenated styrenic block copolymers ( HSBC ) in the late 1960s. Our SBCs enhance the performance of numerous products by imparting greater flexibility, resilience, strength, durability, and processability, and are used in a wide range of applications, including adhesives, coatings, consumer and personal care products, sealants, lubricants, medical, packaging, automotive, and paving and roofing products. We also manufacture and sell isoprene rubber ( IR ) and isoprene rubber latex ( IRL ) which are non-SBC products primarily used in applications such as medical products, personal care, adhesives, tackifiers, paints, and coatings. 
  We also refine and further upgrade two primary feedstocks, crude tall oil ( CTO ) and crude sulfate turpentine ( CST ), into value-added specialty chemicals. Our pine-based specialty products are sold into adhesive, road and construction, and tire markets, and we produce and sell a broad range of chemical intermediates into markets that include fuel additives, oilfield chemicals, coatings, metalworking fluids and lubricants, inks, flavors and fragrances, and mining.  
  References in this report to  Kraton,   our company,   we,   our,   ours  and  us  as used in this report refer collectively to Kraton Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. Furthermore, these references relate to the combined company including both the legacy Kraton and legacy Arizona Chemical businesses, except for historical financial information prior to the January 6, 2016 Arizona Chemical Acquisition. 
  Basis of Presentation.   The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements presented herein are for us and our consolidated subsidiaries, each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary, except our   50%   investment in our joint venture, Kraton Formosa Polymers Corporation ( KFPC ), located in Mailiao, Taiwan. KFPC is a variable interest entity for which we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary and, therefore, have consolidated into our financial statements. Our   50%   investment in our joint venture located in Kashima, Japan, is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. These interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   and reflect all normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to present fairly our results of operations and financial position. Amounts reported in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations are not necessarily indicative of amounts expected for the respective annual periods or any other interim period, in particular due to the effect of seasonal changes and weather conditions that typically affect our sales into paving, roadmarking, roofing and construction applications. In particular, sales volumes into these applications are generally higher in the second and third quarter of the calendar year as warm and dry weather is more conducive to paving and roofing activity. 
  Significant Accounting Policies.   Our significant accounting policies have been disclosed in Note 1   Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Significant Accounting Policies   in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. In connection with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, we updated our accounting policies as follows. 
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.   We record goodwill when the purchase price of an acquired business exceeds the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. Goodwill and intangible assets are allocated to the reporting unit level based on the estimated fair value at the date of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition.  
  Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or more frequently as deemed necessary. Our annual measurement date for testing impairment is October 1st. The impairment test includes a comparison of the carrying value of net assets of our reporting units, including goodwill, with their estimated fair values. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in the period in which the review is performed. 
  There have been no other changes to the accounting policies as disclosed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements we present in this report have been prepared in accordance with our policies. 
  
   12 

Use of Estimates.   The preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include 
             
    the useful lives of long-lived assets; 
                
    estimates of fair value for assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations; 
                
    allowances for doubtful accounts and sales returns; 
                
    the valuation of derivatives, deferred tax assets, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, inventory, investments, and share-based compensation; and 
                
    liabilities for employee benefit obligations, environmental matters, asset retirement obligations ( ARO ), income tax uncertainties and other contingencies. 
     Income Tax in Interim Periods.   We conduct operations in separate legal entities in different jurisdictions. As a result, income tax amounts are reflected in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for each of those jurisdictions. Tax laws and tax rates vary substantially in these jurisdictions and are subject to change based on the political and economic climate in those countries. We file our tax returns in accordance with our interpretations of each jurisdiction s tax laws. We record our tax provision or benefit on an interim basis using the estimated annual effective tax rate. This rate is applied to the current period ordinary income or loss to determine the income tax provision or benefit allocated to the interim period. 
  Losses from jurisdictions for which no benefit can be realized and the income tax effects of unusual and infrequent items are excluded from the estimated annual effective tax rate. Valuation allowances are provided against the future tax benefits that arise from the losses in jurisdictions for which no benefit can be realized. The effects of unusual and infrequent items are recognized in the impacted interim period as discrete items. 
  The estimated annual effective tax rate may be significantly affected by nondeductible expenses and by our projected earnings mix by tax jurisdiction. Adjustments to the estimated annual effective income tax rate are recognized in the period during which such estimates are revised. 
  We have established valuation allowances against a variety of deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards, foreign tax credits and other income tax credits. Valuation allowances take into consideration our expected ability to realize these deferred tax assets and reduce the value of such assets to the amount that is deemed more likely than not to be recoverable. Our ability to realize these deferred tax assets is dependent on achieving our forecast of future taxable operating income over an extended period of time. We review our forecast in relation to actual results and expected trends on a quarterly basis. If we fail to achieve our operating income targets, we may change our assessment regarding the recoverability of our net deferred tax assets and such change could result in a valuation allowance being recorded against some or all of our net deferred tax assets. A change in our valuation allowance would impact our income tax benefit (expense) and our stockholders  equity and could have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition in future periods. 

2. New Accounting Pronouncements 
  Adoption of Accounting Standards 
  We have implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that management believes would materially affect our financial statements. 
  In February 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  . This standard changes the consolidation analysis currently required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). This ASU modifies the process used to evaluate whether limited partnerships and similar entities are variable interest entities ( VIEs ) or voting interest entities; affects the analysis performed by reporting entities regarding VIEs, particularly those with fee arrangements and related party relationships; and provides a scope exception for certain investment funds. The amendments in this update are effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2016 and there was no material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,   Interest-Imputation of Interest  . This standard requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of such debt liability. In adopting ASU 2015-03, companies must apply the guidance on a retrospective basis. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. We adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2016. As a result of retrospective application, the adoption of this standard resulted in reductions of approximately   $1.3 million  ,   $12.1 million  , and   $13.5 million   of other current assets, debt issuance costs, and  
  
   13 

long-term debt, respectively, as of December 31, 2015. Furthermore, we had a material change in debt issuance costs in association with the financing for the Arizona Chemical Acquisition in the first quarter of 2016. See Note 8   Long Term Debt   for further information about debt issuance costs as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16,   Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  . This standard requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes recording in the reporting period the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. We adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2016 and will apply such guidance on our recording of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. See Note 3   Acquisition of Arizona Chemical   for further information about the measurement period for this acquisition. 
  New Accounting Standards 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , updated by ASU No. 2015-14   Deferral of the Effective Date  , which provides a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and will supersede most current revenue recognition guidance. In August 2015, the effective date for the standard was deferred by one year and the standard is now effective for public entities for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted based on the original effective date. Our evaluation of this standard is currently ongoing and therefore, the effects of this standard on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are not yet known. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  . This standard changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost or net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We have evaluated this standard and we do not expect there to be a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842).   This standard requires that an entity must recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of twelve months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and liabilities. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. Our evaluation of this standard is currently ongoing and therefore, the effects of this standard on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are not yet known. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (Topic 817)  . The ASU changes seven aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (1) accounting for income taxes; (2) classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows; (3) forfeitures; (4) minimum statutory tax withholding requirements; (5) classification of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes; (6) practical expedient - expected term (nonpublic only); (7) intrinsic value (nonpublic only). The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. Our evaluation of this standard is currently ongoing and therefore, the effects of this standard on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are not yet known. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)  . The ASU addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. Our evaluation of this standard is currently ongoing and therefore, the effects of this standard on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows are not yet known. 

3. Acquisition of Arizona Chemical 
  On   January 6, 2016  , we acquired all of the capital stock of Arizona Chemical for a purchase price of   $1,361.9 million  . In accordance with the sale and purchase agreement, we finalized the purchase price with the sellers and received   $5.1 million   of cash during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .   
  The   $1,361.9 million   purchase price for the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, the cash tender offer and redemption of all outstanding   6.75%   senior notes due 2019, and the related acquisition and financing expenses for the Arizona Chemical Acquisition were funded through the following transactions: 
  
   14 

A   $1,350.0 million     six  -year senior secured first lien term loan facility, 
                 
    An amended and restated   $250.0 million     five  -year asset-based revolving credit facility. 
     Our previously outstanding indebtedness under the   6.75%   senior notes due 2019 and the former senior secured credit facilities were satisfied and canceled on   January 6, 2016  . See Note 8   Long-Term Debt   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a further description of the debt issued to finance the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. 
  We have accounted for the Arizona Chemical Acquisition using the purchase method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly, the purchase price has been allocated to the underlying assets and liabilities in proportion to their respective fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired has been recorded as goodwill. Following the close of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, the operating results of Arizona Chemical are reported as a separate operating segment,  Chemical segment .  See Note 13   Industry Segments and Foreign Operations   for further information. 
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, we recognized   $6.6 million   and   $25.1 million   of transaction and integration related costs which are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
  The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation for the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. This allocation is based on management s estimates, judgments, and assumptions which are subject to change upon final valuation and should be treated as preliminary values. We have not finalized the allocation of the purchase consideration to the estimated fair value of (1) property, plant, and equipment; (2) intangible assets; (3) deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions, and we are continuing to review all of the working capital acquired.  

_______________________ 
           (1) 
    An adjustment of approximately   $24.7 million   was recorded to reflect Arizona Chemical's inventories at fair value and increased cost of sales by the same amount for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
     
   15 

(3) 
    During the third quarter of 2016, we adjusted the preliminary purchase price allocation based on further review of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Based on additional analysis of the underlying contracts, we decreased the customer relationship intangible asset by   $80.0 million   and increased the contractual agreement intangible asset by   $70.0 million  .  The remaining adjustments related to various working capital accounts that required fair value modifications, primarily related to current liabilities and income tax liabilities.  Each of these measurement period adjustments correspondingly increased goodwill. 
     Goodwill has been calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets acquired and represents the estimated future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. See Note 13   Industry Segments and Foreign Operations   for further information regarding our reportable segments. Goodwill recognized as a result of the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes.  
  We are continuing to evaluate the option to apply pushdown accounting, which would result in recording the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair value at the date of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition in each domestic and foreign legal entity of Arizona Chemical for financial reporting purposes.  
  The fair value of acquired identifiable intangible assets was determined using the  income approach  on an individual project basis. In performing these valuations, the key underlying probability-adjusted assumptions of the discounted cash flows were projected revenues, gross margin expectations, and operating cost estimates, when appropriate. The valuations were based on the information that was available as of the acquisition date and the expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by the Company s management. There are inherent uncertainties and management judgment required in these determinations. The fair value measurements of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were based on valuations involving significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  The purchase price of Arizona Chemical exceeded the net acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. Cash flows used to determine the purchase price included strategic and synergistic benefits specific to the Company, which resulted in a purchase price in excess of the fair value of identifiable net assets. The purchase price also included the fair values of other assets that were not identifiable, not separately recognizable under accounting rules (e.g., assembled workforce) or of immaterial value in addition to a going-concern element that represents the Company's ability to earn a higher rate of return on the group of assets than would be expected on the separate assets as determined during the valuation process.  
  Arizona Chemical contributed revenue and net   income   of   $542.6 million   and   $37.1 million  , respectively, to the consolidated operating results of Kraton for the period from January 6, 2016 through   September 30, 2016  . The following unaudited pro forma information presents consolidated information as if the Arizona Chemical Acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2015: 

The unaudited pro forma information presented above is for information purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred had the Arizona Chemical Acquisition been consummated at the beginning of the period, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating results. The unaudited pro forma amounts above have been calculated after applying Kraton's accounting policies and adjusting the Arizona Chemical results to reflect (1) the additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets had been applied from January 1, 2015; (2) the elimination of historical interest expense for Arizona Chemical as this debt was paid off by the previous owners; (3) the additional interest expense resulting from the debt issued to fund the Arizona Chemical Acquisition; (4) the elimination of transaction-related costs; (5) the effect of purchase price accounting on inventory valuation; and (6) an adjustment to tax-effect the aforementioned unaudited pro forma adjustments using an estimated aggregate statutory income tax rate of the jurisdiction to which the above adjustments relate. The unaudited pro forma amounts do not include any potential synergies, cost savings or other expected benefits of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. 

16 

4. Disposition and Exit of Business Activities 
  Exit of NEXAR   TM   
  In June 2016, we exited our NEXAR   TM    product line due to the loss of certain key customers. We recorded a loss related to this exit activity of   $8.6 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . This loss includes   $5.3 million   for the write off of inventory and associated disposal costs and   $3.2 million   for the write off of fixed assets.  
  Disposition of Joint Venture 
  In May 2016, as the result of a legal settlement with our joint venture partner BASF, S.A., we dissolved our joint venture in Paulinia, Brazil. As part of the settlement, we obtained 100% interests in the joint venture and the real estate, building, and other assets of the joint venture located at our Paulinia manufacturing facility. In accordance with ASC 323-10-35   Dissolution of a Joint Venture  , we recorded a gain of   $3.2 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   for the fair market value of these assets less the carrying value of our investment in the joint venture. 
  Sale of Belpre Compounding Unit 
  On January 29, 2016, we sold certain assets including intellectual property, inventory, equipment, and other intangible assets associated with our Belpre, Ohio, compounding unit (the  BCU ) for total proceeds of   $72.8 million  , of which   $72.0 million   was used to pay down existing indebtedness during the first quarter of 2016. The BCU is used to manufacture HSBC and USBC based compounds. We recognized a gain on the sale of   $45.4 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . In connection with the sale, we entered into an exclusive polymer supply agreement with a   seven   year term and a compound manufacturing agreement for a transition period of up to   two years   with the purchaser. Our historical compound sales have primarily been directed into personal care, protective film, consumer, medical and automotive applications, with the compound sales primarily reported under the Specialty Polymers product group.  

5. Share-Based Compensation 
  We account for share-based awards under the provisions of ASC 718,   Compensation Stock Compensation  . Accordingly, share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and we expense these costs using the straight-line method over the requisite service period. Share-based compensation expense was   $2.1 million   and   $2.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $7.3 million   and   $6.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

17 

6. Detail of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts 

18 

Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component were as follows: 

19 

7. Earnings Per Share ( EPS ) 
  Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income attributable to Kraton by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income attributable to Kraton by the diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period and, accordingly, reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other agreements to issue common stock, such as stock options, were exercised, settled or converted into common stock and were dilutive. The diluted weighted-average number of shares used in our diluted EPS calculation is determined using the treasury stock method. 
  Unvested awards of share-based payments with rights to receive dividends or dividend equivalents, such as our restricted stock awards, are considered to be participating securities, and therefore, the two-class method is used for purposes of calculating EPS. Under the two-class method, a portion of net income is allocated to these participating securities and is excluded from the calculation of EPS allocated to common stock. Our restricted stock awards are subject to forfeiture and restrictions on transfer until vested and have identical voting, income and distribution rights to the unrestricted common shares outstanding. Our weighted average restricted stock awards outstanding were   653,434   and   558,431   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   671,722   and   553,400   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. We withheld shares of restricted stock of   55,580   and   27,947   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, to satisfy employee payroll tax withholding requirements and none withheld during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. We immediately retired all shares withheld and the transactions were reflected in additional paid in capital in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and as a purchase of treasury stock in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
  The computation of diluted EPS includes weighted average restricted share units of   172,933   and   143,204   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   175,798   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The computation of diluted EPS excludes weighted average restricted share units of   133,317   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , as they are anti-dilutive due to a net loss attributable to Kraton for each period. 
  The computation of diluted EPS includes weighted average performance share units of   32,498   and   32,498   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   32,498   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The computation of diluted EPS excludes weighted average performance share units of   33,564   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , as they are anti-dilutive due to a net loss attributable to Kraton for each period. In addition, the computation of diluted EPS also excludes the effect of performance share units for which the performance contingencies had not been met as of the reporting date, amounting to   496,220   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   279,328   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  The computation of diluted EPS includes stock options added under the treasury method of   357,303   and   170,602   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   212,005   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The computation of diluted EPS excludes the effect of the potential exercise of stock options that are anti-dilutive, amounting to   906,954   and   1,472,988   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   20 

The calculations of basic and diluted EPS are as follows:   

21 

8. Long-Term Debt 
  Long-term debt consists of the following: 

_____________________________________________  
  (1) Prior to the adoption of ASU No. 2015-03, debt issuance costs of   $1.3 million   and   $12.1 million   were previously recorded in other current assets and debt issuance costs, respectively in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015. 
  Debt Issuance Costs.   We capitalize the debt issuance costs related to issuing long-term debt and amortize these costs using the effective interest method, except for costs related to revolving debt, which are amortized using the straight-line method. Amortization of debt issuance costs are recorded as a component of interest expense and the accelerated write-off of debt issuance costs in connection with refinancing activities are recorded as a component of loss on extinguishment of debt. In conjunction with the closing of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition on January 6, 2016, we amended and restated our asset-based revolving credit facility ( ABL Facility ) and the debt issuance costs associated with these efforts were recorded within other current assets and debt issuance costs in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We deferred   $61.3 million   of debt issuance costs related to the debt financing in conjunction with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, of which   $8.8 million   was deferred in the fourth quarter of 2015,   $1.7 million   was carried over from our previous debt issuance costs and   $50.8 million   was deferred during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . In connection with our January 2016 refinancing, we charged to interest expense   $5.0 million   of unamortized debt issuance costs related to our previously existing indebtedness. We had net debt issuance cost of   $56.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , of which   $5.0 million   related to our ABL Facility is recorded as an asset (of which   $1.2 million   was included in other current assets) and   $51.4 million   is recorded as a reduction to long-term debt. We amortized   $1.8 million   and   $0.6 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $5.3 million   and   $1.7 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.   
  Senior Secured Term Loan Facility.   In January 2016, Kraton Polymers LLC entered into a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to   $1,350.0 million   that matures on   January 6, 2022   (the  Term Loan Facility ).   Subject to compliance with certain covenants and other conditions, we have the option to borrow up to   $350.0 million   of incremental term loans plus an additional amount subject to a senior secured net leverage ratio. 
  Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin, plus, at our option, either (a) an adjusted LIBOR rate (subject to a   1.0%   floor) determined by reference to the costs of funds for U.S. dollar deposits for the interest period relevant to such borrowing adjusted for statutory reserve requirements or (b) an alternate base rate (subject to a   2.0%   floor) determined by reference to the highest of (1) the prime rate of Credit Suisse AG, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus   0.5%   and (3) the one month adjusted LIBOR rate plus   1.0%   per annum. In addition, we are required to pay customary agency fees. As of the date of this filing, the effective rate on the Term Loan Facility was   6.0%   comprised of the   1.0%   LIBOR floor plus a   5.0%   applicable margin. 
  
   22 

We are required to make scheduled quarterly payments on the Term Loan Facility of   2.5%   of the original principal amount per year through the end of the last quarter of 2016 and   5.0%   thereafter, with the balance expected to be due and payable in full on   January 6, 2022  . Voluntary prepayments on the Term Loan Facility may be made without premium or penalty other than customary  breakage  costs with respect to LIBOR loans and other than a   1.0%   premium in connection with certain repricing transactions consummated within a certain period of time after the closing of the Term Loan Facility. In the event we have consolidated excess cash flow for any fiscal year, we are required to prepay an amount of borrowings under the Term Loan Facility equal to at least   50.0%   of such cash flow by the   90  th day after the end of the fiscal year. The prepayment percentage is reduced to   25.0%   if our senior secured net leverage ratio is under   2.5  :1.0 or   0%   if our senior secured net leverage ratio is below   2.0  :1.0.  
  The Term Loan Facility is a senior secured obliga  tion that is guaranteed by Kraton Corporation and each of its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries.   The Term Loan Facility contains a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants. These covenants include a senior secured net leverage ratio which shall not exceed, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter,   4.00  :1.00 through March 31, 2017, which will decrease to   3.75  :1.00 through March 31, 2018,   3.50  :1.00 through March 31, 2019, and   3.25  :1.00 thereafter. As of the date of this filing, we were in compliance with the covenants under the Term Loan Facility.   The   $72.0 million   received from the sale of compounding assets was used to pay down existing indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility. As a result, our next scheduled principal payment is not due until the third quarter of 2017.  
  10.5%   Senior Notes due 2023.   Kraton Polymers LLC and its wholly-owned financing subsidiary Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation issued   $440.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023   (the    10.5%   Senior Notes ). The   10.5%   Senior Notes are general unsecured, senior obligations and are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of Kraton Corporation and each of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. We pay interest on the notes at   10.5%   per annum, semi-annually in arrears on   April 15   and   October 15   of each year, and paid the first interest payment on October 14, 2016. Prior   to October 15, 2018, we may redeem up to   40.0%   of the aggregate principal amount of the   10.5%   Senior Notes   with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to   110.5%   of the principal amount of the   10.5%   Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption.   After October 15, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021 and thereafter, we may redeem all or a part of the   10.5%   Senior Notes for   107.875%  ,   105.250%  ,   102.625%  , and   100.0%   of the principal amount, respectively. 
  ABL Facility.   In January 2016, we entered into an amended and restated ABL Facility which provides financing of up to   $250.0 million  . We did not have any borrowings drawn under this facility as of   September 30, 2016  . The ABL Facility is primarily secured by receivables and inventory, and borrowing availability under the ABL Facility is subject to borrowing base limitations based on the level of receivables and inventory available for security. Revolver commitments under the ABL Facility consist of U.S. and Dutch revolving credit facility commitments, and the terms of the ABL Facility require the U.S. revolver commitment comprises at least   60.0%   of the commitments under the facility.  
  The ABL Facility   provides that we have the right at any time to request up to   $100.0 million   of additional commitments under this facility, provided that we satisfy additional conditions described in the credit agreement and provided further that the U.S. revolver commitment comprises at least   60.0%   of the commitments after giving effect to such increase.   We cannot guarantee that all of the lending counterparties contractually committed to fund a revolving credit draw request will actually fund future requests, although we currently believe that each of the counterparties would meet their funding requirements. The ABL Facility terminates on   January 6, 2021  ; however, we may, from time to time, request that the lenders extend the maturity of their commitments; provided that at no time shall there be more than four different maturity dates under the ABL Facility.  
  Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin plus (1) a base rate determined by reference to the prime rate of Bank of America, N.A. in the jurisdiction where the currency is being funded or (2) LIBOR for loans that bear interest based on LIBOR. The initial applicable margin for borrowings under the ABL Facility is   0.5%   with respect to U.S. base rate borrowings and   1.5%   with respect to LIBOR or borrowings made on a European base rate. The applicable margin ranges from   0.5%   to   1.0%   with respect to U.S. base rate borrowings and   1.5%   to   2.0%   for LIBOR or borrowings made on a European base rate per annum based on the average excess availability for the prior fiscal quarter. In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal amounts under the ABL Facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee in respect of the un-utilized commitments at an annual rate of   0.375%  .  
  
   23 

The ABL Facility contains a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of   1.0   to   1.0   if availability under the ABL facility is below a specified amount. Our failure to comply with this financial covenant would give rise to a default under the ABL Facility. If factors arise that negatively impact our profitability, we may not be able to satisfy this covenant. In addition, the ABL Facility contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, a failure to make payments under the ABL facility, cross-default with respect to other indebtedness and cross-judgment default, certain bankruptcy events and certain change of control events. If we are unable to satisfy the covenants or other provisions of the ABL Facility at any future time, we would need to seek an amendment or waiver of such covenants or other provisions. The respective lenders under the ABL Facility may elect not to consent to any amendment or waiver requests that we may make in the future, and, if they do consent, they may do so on terms that are not favorable to us. In the event that we are unable to obtain any such waiver or amendment and we are not able to refinance or repay the ABL Facility, our inability to meet the covenants or other provisions of the ABL Facility would constitute an event of default, which would permit the bank lenders to accelerate the ABL Facility. Such acceleration may in turn constitute an event of default under the Term Loan Facility,   10.5%   Senior Notes or other indebtedness. As of the date of this filing, we were in compliance with the covenants under the ABL Facility. 
  KFPC Loan Agreement.   On July 17, 2014, KFPC executed a syndicated loan agreement (the  KFPC Loan Agreement ) in the amount of   5.5 billion   New Taiwan Dollars ( NTD ), or   $175.3 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate), to provide additional funding to construct the HSBC facility in Taiwan and to provide funding for working capital requirements and/or general corporate purposes. 
  The KFPC Loan Agreement is comprised of a NTD   4.29 billion   Tranche A, or   $136.7 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate), to fund KFPC s capital expenditures, and a NTD   1.21 billion   Tranche B, or   $38.6 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate), to fund working capital requirements and/or general corporate purposes. As of   September 30, 2016  , NTD   3.3 billion  , or   $106.1 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate) was drawn on the KFPC Loan Agreement. The facility period of the KFPC Loan Agreement is   five years   from January 17, 2015 (the first drawdown date). KFPC may continue to draw on the KFPC Loan Agreement for the first   28 months   following the first drawdown date. Subject to certain conditions, KFPC can request a   two  -year extension of the term of the KFPC Loan Agreement.  
  The total outstanding principal amount is payable in   six   semi-annual installments with the first payment due on July 17, 2017 and each subsequent payment due every   six months   thereafter. The first   five   installments shall be in an amount equal to   10%   of the outstanding principal amount and the final installment shall be in an amount equal to the remaining   50%   of the outstanding principal amount. In the event the extension period is granted, the final   50%   of the outstanding principal amount shall be repaid in   five   equal semi-annual installments with the first installment due on the original final maturity date. 
  The KFPC Loan Agreement is subject to a variable interest rate composed of a fixed   0.8%   margin plus the   three  -month or   six  -month fixing rate of the Taipei Interbank Offered Rate (depending on the interest period selected by KFPC in the drawdown request or the interest period notice), subject to a floor of   1.7%  . Interest is payable on a monthly basis. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our effective interest rate for borrowings on the KFPC Loan Agreement was   1.80%  . 
  The KFPC Loan Agreement contains certain financial covenants that change during the term of the KFPC Loan Agreement. The financial covenants include a maximum debt to equity ratio of   3.0   to 1.0 through 2016, which will decrease to   2.0   to 1.0 in 2017 and   1.2   to 1.0 in 2018; a minimum tangible net worth requirement of   $50.0 million   through 2018, which will increase to   $100.0 million   in 2019; and a minimum interest coverage ratio of   2.5   to 1.0 commencing at the end of the year of 2016, which will increase to   5.0   to 1.0 at the end of the year of 2017. In each case, these covenants are calculated and tested on an annual basis. Formosa Petrochemical Corporation and Kraton Polymers LLC are the guarantors of the KFPC Loan Agreement with each guarantor guaranteeing   50%   of the indebtedness. 
  
   24 

Debt Maturities  . The remaining principal payments on our outstanding total debt as of   September 30, 2016  , are as follows: 

See Note 9   Fair Value Measurements, Financial Instruments, and Credit Risk   for fair value information related to our long-term debt. 

9. Fair Value Measurements, Financial Instruments, and Credit Risk 
  ASC 820,    Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures    defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure requirements about fair value measurements. ASC 820 requires entities to, among other things, maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
  ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 
  ASC 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions. 
  In accordance with ASC 820, these two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy: 
             
    Level 1 Inputs that are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets; 
                
    Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability, including: 
                
    Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets 
                
    Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active 
                
    Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability 
                
    Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means; and 
                
    Level 3 Inputs that are unobservable and reflect our assumptions used in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available under the circumstances (e.g., internally derived assumptions surrounding the timing and amount of expected cash flows). 
     Recurring Fair Value Measurements  . The following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy our financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . These financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, which judgment may affect the valuation of their fair value and placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 
  
   25 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
        
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    December 31, 2015 
      
    Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
  (Level 1) 
      
    Significant Other Observable Inputs 
  (Level 2) 
      
    Significant Unobservable Inputs 
  (Level 3) 

(In thousands) 
      Retirement plan asset   current 
    Other current assets 
      
    $ 
    272 

$ 
    272 

$ 

$ 

Retirement plan asset   noncurrent 
    Other long-term assets 
      
    1,636 

1,636 

Total 

$ 
    1,908 

$ 
    1,908 

$ 

$ 

The following table presents the carrying values and approximate fair values of our long-term debt. 

26 

Financial Instruments       
  Interest Rate Swap Agreements.   Periodically, we enter into interest rate swap agreements to hedge or otherwise protect against interest rate fluctuation on a portion of our variable rate debt. These interest rate swap agreements are designated as cash flow hedges on our exposure to the variability of future cash flows.  
  On February 18, 2016, we entered into a series of interest rate swap agreements in an effort to convert a substantial portion of our future interest payments pursuant to the Term Loan Facility to a fixed interest rate. On February 18, 2016, we entered into   two   interest rate swaps, each with a notional value of   $323.9 million  , an effective date of January 3, 2017 and a maturity date of December 31, 2020. We entered into   two   more interest rate swaps on March 21, 2016, each with a notional value of   $138.8 million  , an effective date of January 3, 2017 and a maturity date of December 31, 2020. We recorded an unrealized loss of   $8.0 million   in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the effective portion of these interest rate swap agreements for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  Foreign Currency Hedges.   Periodically, we enter into foreign currency agreements to hedge or otherwise protect against fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. These agreements do not qualify for hedge accounting and gains/losses resulting from both the up-front premiums and/or settlement of the hedges at expiration of the agreements are recognized in the period in which they are incurred. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we settled these hedges and recorded a   loss   of   $0.1 million   and a   loss   of   $1.9 million  , respectively, and for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we settled these hedges and recorded a   gain   of   $1.4 million   and a   loss   of   $5.9 million  , respectively, which are recorded in cost of goods sold in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. These contracts are structured such that these gains/losses from the mark-to-market impact of the hedging instruments materially offset the underlying foreign currency exchange gains/losses to reduce the overall impact of foreign currency exchange movements throughout the period. 
  On January 6, 2016, we acquired several foreign currency forward contracts from Arizona Chemical, which are used to manage future cash flows with respect to exchange rate fluctuations. One of our subsidiaries, Arizona Chemical BV, a Netherlands based entity with a Euro functional currency, is a party to foreign currency forward contracts to purchase Swedish Krona and United States Dollars to hedge certain intercompany foreign exchange exposures. We have designated both of these forward contracts as a cash flow hedge. These contracts were entered into on various dates beginning in October 2015 through January 6, 2016 with various maturity dates from January 2016 through December 2016. The notional amount of these contracts was EUR   2.1 million   or   $1.8 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate). We recorded an unrealized   loss   of   $0.1 million   in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the effective portion of these forward contracts for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  Credit Risk 
  The use of derivatives creates exposure to credit risk relating to potential losses that could be recognized in the event that the counterparties to these instruments fail to perform their obligations under the contracts, which we seek to minimize by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings and by monitoring the total value of positions with individual counterparties. In the event of a default by one of our counterparties, we may not receive payments provided for under the terms of our derivatives. 
  We analyze our counterparties  financial condition prior to extending credit and we establish credit limits and monitor the appropriateness of those limits on an ongoing basis. We also obtain cash, letters of credit, or other acceptable forms of security from customers to provide credit support, where appropriate, based on our financial analysis of the customer and the contractual terms and conditions applicable to each transaction. 

27 

10. Income Taxes  
  Income tax expense was   $2.2 million   and   $3.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and income tax benefit was   $83.0 million   and income tax expense was   $4.1 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our effective tax rate was an expense of   12.9%   and   27.7%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our effective tax rate was a benefit of   316.5%   and an expense of   115.5%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our effective tax rates differ from the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate of   35.0%  , primarily due to the mix of our pretax income or loss generated in various jurisdictions, permanent items, uncertain tax positions, and changes in our valuation allowances. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our pretax earnings in the Netherlands, Sweden, and Finland decreased our effective tax rate due to the statutory rates of   25%  ,   22%  , and   20%  , respectively. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , our pretax earnings in the Netherlands decreased our effective tax rate as the statutory rate is   25%   and losses generated in Taiwan increased our effective tax rate as the statutory rate is   17%  .  
  The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. corporate statutory income tax rate to income (loss) before income taxes for the reasons set forth below.  

28 

We record a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had recorded a valuation allowance of   $43.9 million   and   $100.1 million  , respectively, against our net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets. As part of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, we reassessed the need for a valuation allowance against our net operating loss deferred tax assets. In our assessment, we consider the level of historical and projected future taxable income expected to be generated. We   increased   our valuation allowances by   $0.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily related to current period net operating losses. We   increased   our valuation allowance by   $2.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , primarily related to current period net operating losses in the U.S. tax jurisdiction. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we released   $56.2 million   of the valuation allowances, of which   $87.4 million   primarily related to our U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets, partially offset by   $31.2 million   of new valuation allowances assumed in connection with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. We   increased   our valuation allowances by   $7.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which included   $8.1 million   related to current period net operating losses, partially offset by a   $1.1 million   decrease related to changes in other comprehensive income (loss). 
  In purchase accounting, we recorded   $61.9 million   of deferred taxes on the U.S. parent s inside basis differences of the acquired foreign assets of Arizona Chemical. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had total unrecognized tax benefits of   $11.1 million   and   $4.3 million  , respectively, related to uncertain tax positions, all of which, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. During the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had a   decrease   in uncertain foreign tax positions of   $2.5 million   and an   increase   of   $0.2 million  , respectively. We had an   increase   of   $6.8 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily related to assumed uncertain tax positions in the United States in connection with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. We had a   $0.2 million   increase to uncertain foreign tax positions during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . We recorded interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. During the next twelve months we anticipate decreasing our unrecognized tax benefits by   $1.9 million   related to certain of our European tax positions as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations. We are continuing to evaluate the uncertain tax positions assumed in connection with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. 
  We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. For our U.S. federal income tax returns, the statute of limitations has expired through the tax year ended December 31, 2003. As a result of net operating loss carryforwards from 2004, the statute of limitations remains open for all years subsequent to 2003. In addition, open tax years for state and foreign jurisdictions remain subject to examination. 

11. Commitments and Contingencies 
  (a) Lease Commitments 
  We have entered into various long-term non-cancelable operating leases. Future minimum lease commitments at   September 30, 2016   are as follows: 2016   $7.6 million  ; 2017   $21.9 million  ; 2018   $15.3 million  ; 2019   $12.6 million  ; 2020   $10.9 million  ; and 2021 and thereafter   $15.3 million  .  
  (b) Legal Proceedings    
  In connection with the closing of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition on January 6, 2016, we assumed responsibility for an open legal proceeding related to a claim from a former customer of Arizona Chemical.   On March 21, 2011, Arizona Chemical received a claim from this former customer relating to an alleged breach of warranty and breach of contract regarding delivery of resin products during the period from 2005 through 2009. In March 2014, the jury returned a verdict against Arizona Chemical for   $70.1 million  . In addition, the trial court entered   two   separate judgments against Arizona Chemical in April 2015 for attorneys  costs and interest. Arizona Chemical has filed appeals with the Florida First District Court of Appeal to dispute all three judgments. On May 20, 2016, the appellate court affirmed the jury's verdict on the merits in the underlying case. On July 18, 2016, the appellate court reversed and remanded the trial court s judgment related to interest. On July 19, 2016, the appellate court affirmed the trial court s judgment related to the attorneys  costs. On August 26, 2016, the parties entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement resolving all matters between the parties. The judgment was fully satisfied by the insurance company in accordance with the terms of the agreement. On September 27, 2016, the Florida Supreme Court issued an order voluntarily dismissing all appeals filed in the matter. 
  We received an initial notice from the tax authorities in Brazil during the fourth quarter of 2012 in connection with tax credits that were generated from the purchase of certain goods which were subsequently applied by us against taxes owed. The tax authorities are currently assessing R  $6.1 million  , or   $1.9 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate). We have appealed the assertion by the tax authorities in Brazil that the goods purchased were not eligible to earn the credits. While the outcome of this proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect this matter to have a material adverse effect upon our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  
   29 

On January 28, 2014, we executed a definitive agreement (the  Combination Agreement ) to combine with the SBC operations of Taiwan-based LCY Chemical Corp. ( LCY ). The Combination Agreement called for LCY to contribute its SBC business in exchange for newly issued shares in the combined company, such that our existing stockholders and LCY would each own   50%   of the outstanding shares of the combined enterprise.   
  On June 30, 2014, we notified LCY that our Board of Directors intended to withdraw its recommendation to our stockholders to approve the Combination Agreement unless the parties could agree upon mutually acceptable revised terms to the Combination Agreement. This notice cited the decline in operating results for LCY s SBC business in the first quarter of 2014 and a related decline in forecasted results thereafter, together with the decline in our stock price and negative reactions from our stockholders. Following our notification of our Board s intention to change its recommendation, the parties engaged in discussions to determine whether they could mutually agree to changes to the terms of the Combination Agreement that would enable our Board to continue to recommend that our stockholders approve the Combination Agreement. The parties engaged in numerous discussions subsequent to June 30, 2014 regarding possible revisions to the terms of the Combination Agreement. 
  On July 31, 2014, an explosion occurred in a pipeline owned by LCY in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, causing substantial property damage and loss of life, and numerous governmental and private investigations and claims have been initiated and asserted against LCY. On August 4, 2014, LCY notified us that it would no longer negotiate, and would not agree to, any revisions to the terms of the Combination Agreement. On August 6, 2014, our Board withdrew its recommendation that our stockholders approve the Combination Agreement. On August 8, 2014, we received notice from LCY that LCY had exercised its right to terminate the Combination Agreement. 
  The provisions of the Combination Agreement provide for us to pay LCY a   $25.0 million   break-up fee upon a termination of the Combination Agreement following a withdrawal of our Board s recommendation, unless an LCY material adverse effect has occurred and is continuing at the time of the withdrawal of our Board s recommendation. In LCY s notice terminating the Combination Agreement, LCY requested payment of such   $25.0 million   termination fee. On October 6, 2014, LCY filed a lawsuit against us in connection with our refusal to pay the   $25.0 million   termination fee. We believe that the impact upon LCY of the July 31, 2014 explosion in a gas pipeline in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, constitutes an LCY material adverse effect as defined in the Combination Agreement, and we have notified LCY that accordingly we are not obligated to pay the termination fee. On July 23, 2015, LCY's lawsuit was dismissed from the Delaware federal court on jurisdictional grounds. LCY has the right to re-file its suit in Delaware state court. As of the date of this filing, they had not re-filed their suit. While the ultimate resolution of this matter cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect any material adverse effect upon our financial position, results of operations or cash flows from the ultimate outcome of this matter. 
  We and certain of our subsidiaries, from time to time, are parties to various other legal proceedings, claims and disputes that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. These claims may involve significant amounts, some of which would not be covered by insurance. A substantial settlement payment or judgment in excess of our accruals could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. While the outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect any of these existing matters, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect upon our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  (c) Asset Retirement Obligations. 
  The changes in the aggregate carrying amount of our ARO liabilities are as follows: 

We assumed   $1.9 million   of an ARO liability from Arizona Chemical as of January 6, 2016 associated with the demolition and decommissioning of manufacturing facility assets. For a portion of our ARO liability related to the decommissioning of the coal boilers at our Belpre, Ohio, facility, we have recorded a liability and corresponding receivable of  
  
   30 

$3.8 million   and   $3.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, pursuant to the indemnity included in the February 2001 separation agreement from Shell Chemicals. 
  (d) Environmental Obligations. 
  In connection with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, we assumed environmental obligations associated with historical site matters. As of   September 30, 2016   we have recorded a liability of   $3.1 million   and a corresponding receivable of   $3.1 million   relating from an indemnification agreement with International Paper, Arizona Chemical's former owner.  
  There have been no other material changes to our Commitments and Contingencies disclosed in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

31 

12. Employee Benefits 
  Retirement Plans. 
  The components of net periodic benefit costs related to pension benefits are as follows:  

___________________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    Prior to the Arizona Chemical Acquisition our non-US plans were immaterial.  
     We made contributions of   $4.5 million   and   $1.1 million   to our pension plans in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  The components of net periodic benefit cost related to other post-retirement benefits are as follows: 

13. Industry Segments and Foreign Operations 
  Historically, we have reported   one   segment for the manufacturing and marketing of engineered polymers.  Commensurate with the acquisition on January 6, 2016, Arizona Chemical became a separate operating segment with our operations managed through   two   operating segments: (i) Polymer segment and (ii) Chemical segment. In accordance with the provisions of ASC 280,    Segment Reporting  ,  our chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the President and Chief Executive Officer, who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire company.  
     Polymer Segment  . Our Polymer segment is comprised of our SBCs and other engineered polymers business.  
     Chemical Segment  . Our Chemical segment is comprised of our pine-based specialty products business.  
  Our chief operating decision maker uses operating income (loss) as the primary measure of each segment's operating results in order to allocate resources and in assessing the company's performance.  In accordance with ASC 280,   Segment Reporting  , we have presented operating income (loss) for each segment. The following table summarizes our operating results by segment. We currently do not have sales between segments.  
  
   32 

____________________________________________________ 
  (1) Our Chemical segment operating results were impacted by   $10.8 million   of higher depreciation and amortization as a result of purchase accounting adjustments for property, plant, and equipment and intangibles.  

____________________________________________________ 
  (1) Our Chemical segment operating results were impacted by   $24.7 million   of amortization of step-up to fair market value of their inventories, and   $30.4 million   of higher depreciation and amortization as a result of purchase accounting adjustments for property, plant, and equipment and intangibles.  
  
   33 

The following table presents long-lived assets including goodwill and total assets. 

For geographic reporting, revenue is attributed to the geographic location in which the customers  facilities are located. Long-lived assets consist primarily of property, plant, and equipment, which are attributed to the geographic location in which they are located and are presented at historical cost. 
  Following is a summary of revenue by geographic region: 

Following is a summary of long-lived assets by geographic region: 

Our capital expenditures for the Polymer segment, excluding capital expenditures by the KFPC joint venture, were   $35.4 million   and   $42.4 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and capital expenditures for our Chemical segment were   $27.5 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  

34 

14. Related Party Transactions 
  We own a   50%   equity investment in a SBC manufacturing joint venture in Kashima, Japan. Our due to related party liability on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets is related to this joint venture and purchases from the joint venture amounted to   $8.3 million   and   $7.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $22.2 million   and   $22.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  We own a   50%   variable interest in KFPC, a HSBC manufacturing joint venture in Mailiao, Taiwan. The KFPC joint venture is fully consolidated in our financial statements, and our joint venture partner, Formosa Petrochemical Corporation ( FPCC ), is a related party affiliate. Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, FPCC is to provide certain site services and raw materials to KFPC. Charges from and amounts due to FPCC are immaterial through the period ended   September 30, 2016  . See Note 15   Variable Interest Entity,   for further discussion related to the KFPC joint venture. 
  In 2015, one of our board members was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc. ( Jacobs ) which has historically supplied site maintenance and engineering services for our Belpre, Ohio, facility. Our total purchases from Jacobs during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $3.4 million   and   $8.5 million  , respectively, and our outstanding payable was   $1.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 

15. Variable Interest Entity 
  We hold a variable interest in a joint venture with FPCC to build, own and operate a   30   kiloton HSBC plant at FPCC s petrochemical site in Mailiao, Taiwan. Kraton and FPCC are each   50%   owners of the joint venture company, KFPC. Under the provisions of an offtake agreement with KFPC, we have exclusive rights to purchase all production from KFPC. Additionally, the agreement requires us to purchase a minimum of   eighty   percent of the plant production capacity each year at a defined fixed margin. This offtake agreement represents a variable interest which provides us the power to direct the most significant activities of KFPC and exposes us to the economic variability of the joint venture. As such, we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of this variable interest entity; and therefore, we have consolidated KFPC in our financial statements and reflected FPCC s   50%   ownership as a noncontrolling interest. 
  The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   for KFPC before intercompany eliminations. See Note 8   Long-Term Debt  , for further discussion related to the KFPC Loan Agreement executed on July 17, 2014.  

16. Supplemental Guarantor Information  
  Kraton Polymers LLC and its wholly-owned financing subsidiary, Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation (together, the  Issuers ), issued   $440.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   10.5%   Senior Notes. The   10.5%   Senior Notes are general unsecured, senior obligations of the Issuers and are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Kraton Corporation and each of its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, excluding the Issuers. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 
  
   35 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except par value) 

________________________________________________________  
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 
     
   36 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  December 31, 2015    
  (In thousands, except par value)  

_____________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

37 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

_________________________________________  
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

38 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

_________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

39 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

_________________________________________  
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

40 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

_________________________________________  
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

41 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

_________________________________________  
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

42 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

__________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

43 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

_________________________________________  
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

44 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

__________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

45 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

__________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

46 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

___________________________________  
           (1) 
    The Issuers are co-issuers of the   10.5%   Senior Notes that mature on   April 15, 2023  . Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation has minimal assets and income. We do not believe that separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the guarantors (other than Kraton Corporation) would provide any additional information that would be material to investors in making an investment decision. 

47 

17. Subsequent Events 
  We have evaluated events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date and determined that there were no significant events or transactions that would require recognition or disclosure in our condensed consolidated financial statements for the period ended   September 30, 2016  . 

48 

Item 2.  
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

INTRODUCTION 
  You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks, assumptions, and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risk factors discussed in the  Risk Factors  section of our most recent Form  10-K, as well as in  Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations,   Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

OVERVIEW 
  We are a leading global specialty chemicals company that manufactures styrenic block copolymers ( SBCs ) and other engineered polymers. Effective with the   January 6, 2016   acquisition of Arizona Chemical (the  Arizona Chemical Acquisition ), we are now also a leading global producer of value-added specialty products primarily derived from pine wood pulping co-products. Historically, we have reported one segment for the manufacturing and marketing of SBC's and engineered polymers. Commensurate with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, Arizona Chemical became a separate operating segment and since such date our operations have been managed through two operating segments: (i) Polymer segment and (ii) Chemical segment. Operating results for Arizona Chemical are included in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition.  
  Polymer Segment 
  SBCs are highly-engineered synthetic elastomers, which we invented and commercialized over   50   years ago. We developed the first unhydrogenated styrenic block copolymers ( USBC ) in 1964 and the first hydrogenated styrenic block copolymers ( HSBC ) in the late 1960s. Our SBCs enhance the performance of numerous products by imparting greater flexibility, resilience, strength, durability, and processability, and are used in a wide range of applications, including adhesives, coatings, consumer and personal care products, sealants, lubricants, medical, packaging, automotive, paving, roofing and footwear products. We also sell isoprene rubber ( IR ) and isoprene rubber latex ( IRL ) which are non-SBC products primarily used in applications such as medical products, personal care, adhesives, tackifiers, paints, and coatings. 
  Our polymers are typically formulated or compounded with other products to achieve improved, customer-specific performance characteristics in a variety of applications. We seek to maximize the value of our product portfolio by emphasizing complex or specialized polymers and innovations that yield higher margins than more commoditized products. We sometimes refer to these complex or specialized polymers or innovations as being more  differentiated.  
  Our products are found in many everyday applications, including personal care products, such as disposable diapers, and in the rubberized grips of toothbrushes, razor blades and power tools. Our products are also used to impart tack and shear properties in a wide variety of adhesive products and to impart characteristics such as flexibility and durability in sealants and corrosion resistance in coatings. Our paving and roofing applications provide durability, extending road and roof life. 
  We also produce Cariflex   TM    isoprene rubber and isoprene rubber latex. Our Cariflex products are based on synthetic polyisoprene polymer and do not contain natural rubber latex or other natural rubber products making them an ideal substitute for natural rubber latex, particularly in applications with high purity requirements such as medical, healthcare, personal care, and food contact. We believe the versatility of Cariflex provides opportunities for new, differentiated applications. 
  We have a portfolio of innovations at various stages of development and commercialization, including 
             
    polyvinyl chloride alternatives for and medical applications; 
                
    polymers and compounds for soft skin and coated fabric applications for transportation and consumer markets; 
                
    high melt flow polymers for compounding and adhesives formulation; and  
                
    synthetic cement formulations and polymers used for viscosity modification in oilfield applications. 
     
   49 

Chemical Segment 
  We manufacture and sell high value products primarily derived from pine wood pulping co-products. We refine and further upgrade two primary feedstocks,   crude tall oil ( CTO )   and   crude sulfate turpentine ( CST )  , both of which are co-products of the wood pulping process, into value-added specialty chemicals. We refine CTO through a distillation process into four primary constituent fractions: tall oil fatty acids (     TOFA   )  , tall oil rosin   (   TOR   )  , distilled tall oil (     DTO   ),   and tall oil pitch (     Pitch   )  . We further upgrade TOFA, TOR and DTO into derivatives including dimer acids, polyamide resins, rosin resins, dispersions, and disproportionated resins. We refine CST into terpene fractions, which can be further upgraded into terpene resins. The various fractions and derivatives resulting from our CTO and CST refining process provide for distinct functionalities and properties, determining their respective applications and end markets.  
  We focus our resources on four target markets: (1) adhesives, (2) roads   construction, (3) tires, and (4) chemical intermediates. Within our target markets, these products are sold into a diverse range of submarkets, including packaging, tapes and labels, pavement marking, high performance tires, fuel additives, oilfield and mining, coatings, metalworking fluids and lubricants, inks, and flavor and fragrances, among others. 
  While this business is based predominantly on the refining and upgrading of CTO and CST, we have the capacity to use both hydrocarbon-based raw materials, such as alpha-methyl-styrene (     AMS   )  , rosins and gum rosins where appropriate and, accordingly, are able to offer tailored solutions for our customers. 
  Our Chemical segment has a portfolio of innovations at various stages of development and commercialization, including: 
             
    adhesive tackifiers designed to enable the use of a higher amount of recycled content in packaging materials; 
                
    high solid adhesive dispersions for labels and tapes that allow for higher coating speeds, which lower process energy costs; 
                
    heat stable rheology ink resins that reduce formulation complexity for ink manufacturers while improving ink performance; 
                
    high performance tire tread resins that promote wet grip, fuel economy, and tire life; 
                
    fuel lubricity improvers that ensure low sulfur targets for diesel fuel can be met; 
                
    bitumen additives for the asphalt paving market that enable high recycled content in asphalt mixes; and 
                
    insolublemaleic rosin esters used in pavement marking binders that provide thermal oxidation resistance. 
     Status of Synergies, Operational Improvement, and Cost Reduction Initiatives 
  We previously announced synergies and operational improvement initiatives associated with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition and a cost reduction initiative targeted at lowering costs in our Polymer segment.  Following is a summary of the status of these initiatives: 

_____________________________________________________ 
  (1) The cumulative Polymer cost reduction initiatives include   $19.4 million   realized in the full year 2015.  
  
   50 

Belpre Compounding Unit Asset Sale 
  On January 29, 2016, we sold certain assets including intellectual property, inventory, equipment, and other intangible assets associated with our Belpre, Ohio, compounding unit (the  BCU ) for total proceeds of   $72.8 million  , of which   $72.0 million   was used to pay down existing indebtedness during the first quarter of 2016. The BCU is used to manufacture HSBC and USBC based compounds. We recognized a gain on the sale of   $45.4 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . In connection with the sale, we entered into an exclusive polymer supply agreement with a   seven   year term and a compound manufacturing agreement for a transition period of up to   two years   with the purchaser. Our historical compound sales have primarily been directed into personal care, protective film, consumer, medical   automotive applications, with the compound sales previously reported under the Specialty Polymers business line. Taking into consideration future polymer sales under the supply agreement, the net revenue impact resulting from the sale of the compounding assets is less than two percent of Kraton's consolidated revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 
  Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
  International Operations and Currency Fluctuations.   We operate a geographically diverse business, serving customers in numerous countries from   thirteen   manufacturing facilities on   four   continents. Our sales and production costs are mainly denominated in U.S. dollars, Euro, Japanese Yen, Swedish Krona, and Brazilian Real. F  ro  m time to time, we use hedging strategies to reduce our exposure to currency fluctuations. 
  Our financial results are subject to gains and losses on currency translation, which occur when the financial statements of our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars. The financial statements of operations outside the United States where the local currency is considered to be the functional currency are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at each balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and the average exchange rate for each period for revenues, expenses, gains and losses, and cash flows. The effect of translating the balance sheet into U.S. dollars is included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Any appreciation of the functional currencies against the U.S. dollar will increase the U.S. dollar equivalent amounts of revenues, expenses, gains and losses, and cash flows, and any depreciation of the functional currencies will decrease the U.S. dollar amounts reported. Our results of operations are also subject to currency transaction risk. We incur currency transaction risk when we enter into either a purchase or sale transaction using a currency other than the local currency of the transacting entity. The estimated impact from currency fluctuations amounted to pre-tax losses of   $2.4 million   and   $0.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and pre-tax losses of   $5.9 million   and   $4.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  We generated our revenue from customers located in the following regions: 

Raw Materials.   We use butadiene, styrene and isoprene (collectively referred to as  monomers ) as our primary raw materials in our Polymer segment and CTO and CST in our Chemical segment. The cost of these raw materials together represented approximately   $130.3 million  , or   40.9%  , and   $94.1 million  , or   46.8%  , of our total cost of goods sold for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $406.2 million  , or   42.0%  , and   $297.7 million  , or   47.7%  , of our total cost of goods sold for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The cost of these raw materials has generally correlated with changes in energy prices and is generally influenced by supply and demand factors, and for our isoprene monomers the prices of natural and synthetic rubber. Average purchase prices of our raw materials decreased during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Seasonality.   Seasonal changes and weather conditions typically affect our sales of products in our paving, roadmarking, roofing and construction applications, which generally results in higher sales volumes in the second and third quarters of the calendar year compared to the first and fourth quarters of the calendar year. Sales for our other product applications tend to show relatively little seasonality. 

51 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

KRATON CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

Consolidated Results 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   compared to   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenue was   $454.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $269.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $185.1 million   or   68.8%  , of which   $181.2 million   relates to our Chemical segment.  
  Cost of goods sold was   $318.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $201.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $117.7 million   or   58.5%  , of which   $122.9 million   relates to our Chemical segment. Our Polymer segment cost of goods sold   decrease  d   $5.2 million  , largely driven by a   $17.6 million     decrease   in raw material costs and a   $7.3 million   net   reduction   in other manufacturing costs, partially offset by a   $13.6 million     increase   related to higher sales volumes and a   $6.1 million     negative   effect from currency fluctuations.  
  Gross profit was   $135.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $67.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $67.4 million   or   99.5%  , of which   $58.2 million   relates to our Chemical segment.  
  
   52 

Research and development expenses were   $9.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $7.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $2.1 million   or   27.6%  , of which   $2.8 million   relates to our Chemical segment.   
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses were   $42.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $26.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $15.9 million   or   58.9%  , of which   $16.4 million   relates to our Chemical segment.  
  Depreciation and amortization was   $32.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $16.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $15.8 million   or   98.1%  , of which   $17.0 million   relates to our Chemical segment.   
  Interest expense, net was   $33.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $6.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $27.7 million  . The   increase   is primarily due to additional indebtedness related to the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. 
  Income tax expense was   $2.2 million   and   $3.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our effective tax rate was an expense of   12.9%   and   27.7%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our effective tax rates differ from the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate of   35.0%   primarily due to the mix of our pretax income or loss generated in foreign jurisdictions, permanent items, uncertain tax positions, and changes in our valuation allowances. For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , our pretax earnings in the Netherlands, Sweden, and Finland decreased our effective tax rate due to the local statutory rates of 25%, 22%, and 20%, respectively. During the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , our pretax earnings in the Netherlands decreased our effective tax rate as the statutory rate is 25% and losses generated in Taiwan increased our effective tax rate as the statutory rate is 17%. 
  We record a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we recorded a valuation allowance of   $43.9 million   and   $100.1 million  , respectively, against our net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets. We   increased   our valuation allowances by   $0.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily related to current period net operating losses. We   increased   our valuation allowance by   $2.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , primarily related to current period net operating losses in the U.S. tax jurisdiction.  
  Net income   attributable to Kraton was   $15.6 million   or   $0.49   per diluted share for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $7.1 million   compared to   net income   of   $8.4 million   or   $0.27   per diluted share for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Adjusted earnings per diluted share (non-GAAP) was   $0.63   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $0.48   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . See a reconciliation of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) earnings (loss) per diluted share to non-GAAP adjusted earnings per diluted share below. 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   compared to   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
  Our operating results for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   include the operating results for Arizona Chemical since the acquisition date of   January 6, 2016  . 
  Revenue was   $1,328.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $786.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $542.4 million   or   69.0%  , of which   $542.6 million   relates to our Chemical segment.  
  Cost of goods sold was   $967.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $624.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $343.2 million   or   55.0%  , of which   $391.4 million   relates to our Chemical segment. Our Chemical segment results include   $24.7 million   of higher costs of goods sold related to the fair value adjustment in purchase accounting for inventory, which was fully amortized during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The Polymer segment cost of goods sold   decrease  d   $48.2 million  , largely driven by a   $36.7 million     reduction   in other manufacturing costs (including a   $5.1 million     decrease   in turnaround costs), and   $62.1 million     decrease   in raw material costs, partially offset by a   $43.0 million     increase   related to higher sales volumes and a   $7.6 million     negative   effect from currency fluctuations.  
  Gross profit was   $361.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $161.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase includes gross profit of   $151.2 million   from our Chemical segment, which includes   $24.7 million   of higher costs of goods sold related to the full amortization of the fair value adjustment in purchase accounting for inventory.  
  Research and development expenses were   $30.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $23.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $7.0 million   or   30.1%  , of which   $8.4 million   relates to our Chemical segment.   
  
   53 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses were   $135.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $77.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $58.4 million   or   75.3%  , of which   $53.2 million   relates to our Chemical segment.  
  Depreciation and amortization was   $93.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $46.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $47.1 million   or   100.4%  , of which   $48.7 million   relates to our Chemical segment.   
  Disposition and exit of business activities was   $40.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , which resulted from the exit of our NEXAR   TM    product line and the dissolution of our joint venture in Paulinia, Brazil, and the sale of the BCU.  
  Loss on extinguishment of debt was   $13.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , of which $8.4 million was recognized to satisfy and cancel our previous 6.75% Senior Notes and $5.0 million was related to the write-off of previously capitalized debt issuance costs, following the Arizona Chemical Acquisition.  
  Interest expense, net was   $101.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $18.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $83.5 million  . The   increase   is primarily due to additional indebtedness related to the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. 
  Income tax benefit was   $83.0 million   and income tax expense was   $4.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Given the level of our pre-tax book income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and the release of a significant portion of our valuation allowance (as further discussed below), our effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   is not meaningful. Our effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was a   115.5%   expense. Our effective tax rates differ from the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate of   35.0%   primarily due to the mix of our pretax income or loss generated in foreign jurisdictions, permanent items, uncertain tax positions, and changes in our valuation allowances. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our pretax earnings in the Netherlands, Sweden, and Finland decreased our effective tax rate due to the local statutory rates of 25%, 22%, and 20%, respectively. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , our pretax earnings in the Netherlands decreased our effective tax rate as the statutory rate is 25% and losses generated in Taiwan increased our effective tax rate as the statutory rate is 17%. 
  We record a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we recorded a valuation allowance of   $43.9 million   and   $100.1 million  , respectively, against our net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets. Following the completion of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, we reassessed the need for a valuation allowance against our net operating loss deferred tax assets. In our assessment, we consider the level of historical and projected future taxable income expected to be generated.  As a result of our assessment, we released   $56.2 million   of the valuation allowances, of which   $87.4 million   primarily related to our U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets, partially offset by   $31.2 million   of new valuation allowances assumed in connection with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition.  
  Net income   attributable to Kraton was   $111.0 million   or   $3.56   per diluted share for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $117.6 million   compared to   net loss   of   $6.6 million   or   $0.21   per diluted share for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Adjusted earnings per diluted share (non-GAAP) was   $2.07   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $1.26   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . See a reconciliation of GAAP earnings (loss) per diluted share to non-GAAP adjusted earnings per diluted share below. 
  
   54 

Segment Results 
  Effective with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition our operating segments are as follows:   
     Polymer Segment  . Our Polymer segment is comprised of our SBC's and other engineered polymers business.  
     Chemical Segment  . Our Chemical segment is comprised of our pine-based specialty products business. 
  Polymer Segment  

____________________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    See Non-GAAP reconciliations included below for the reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to its most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
     Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   compared to   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenue for the Polymer segment was   $273.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $269.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $4.0 million   or   1.5%  . The   increase   was due to higher sales volumes of   $23.2 million   and changes in foreign currency exchange rates of   $3.8 million  , partially offset by lower average selling prices amounting to   $23.0 million  , which were primarily driven by lower average raw material costs, lower prices for certain SIS product grades and mix. Sales volumes were   85.9   kilotons for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   5.0   kilotons or   6.1%  .   
  With respect to revenue for the Polymer segment product groups: 
             
    Cariflex    revenue was   $45.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $34.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   of   $11.3 million   was attributable to a   29.4%     increase   in sales volumes, primarily into surgical glove applications, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates amounting to   $2.4 million  .  
                
    Specialty Polymers   revenue was   $89.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $86.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , a   $2.3 million     increase  , which includes a decrease of $1.7 million related to the sale of the BCU. The revenue   increase   was attributable to a   10.2%     increase   in sales volumes, primarily within automotive and lubricant additive applications, partially offset by lower average selling prices resulting from lower raw material costs. 
                
    Performance Products   revenue was   $138.5 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $148.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The   $9.5 million     decline   was primarily driven by lower average selling prices resulting from lower raw material costs, lower prices for certain SIS product grades reflective of global over capacity for SIS, and product mix, partially offset by a   3.2%   increase in sales volumes and changes in foreign currency exchange rates of   $1.1 million  . The increase in sales volumes was primarily driven by higher sales into roofing and personal care applications, which more than offset lower sales volumes into paving applications and lower sales of SIS product grades into packaging and industrial adhesive applications. A factor in the decline in paving volume was constrained availability of butadiene arising from a cracker outage from one of our suppliers. 
     For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the Polymer segment operating income was   $28.7 million   compared to   $17.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the Polymer segment generated Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) of   $49.6 million   compared to   $42.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , an   increase   of   $7.2 million  , or   16.9%  . The increase was due to higher sales volumes and lower costs, partially offset by modestly lower unit margins, including the  
  
   55 

effect of product mix. The effect of currency fluctuations   negative  ly impacted Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) by   $2.2 million  . See a reconciliation of GAAP operating income to non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA below.  
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   compared to   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
  Revenue for the Polymer segment was   $786.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $786.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Lower average selling prices amounting to   $76.5 million  , primarily driven by lower average raw material costs, lower prices for certain SIS product grades and mix, was offset by an increase of   $74.4 million   due to higher sales volumes and changes in foreign currency exchange rates of   $2.0 million  . Sales volumes were   250.9   kilotons for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   19.3   kilotons or   8.3%  .  
  With respect to revenue for the Polymer segment product groups: 
             
    Cariflex    revenue was   $126.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $102.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   of   $24.4 million   was attributable to a   23.7%     increase   in sales volumes, primarily due to higher sales into surgical glove applications and changes in foreign currency of   $4.1 million  , partially offset by a   $4.2 million     decrease   attributable to lower average selling prices resulting from lower raw material costs.  
                
    Specialty Polymers   revenue was   $256.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $263.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , a   decrease   of   $6.9 million  . Excluding the $7.8 million effect of the sale of the BCU, which occurred in the first quarter of 2016, revenue was essentially unchanged with a   7.2%     increase   in sales volumes, largely in automotive and industrial applications, offset by lower average selling prices due to lower raw material costs and a   $1.0 million     negative   effect from changes in currency exchange rates.  
                
    Performance Products   revenue was   $403.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $420.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   $17.7 million     decrease   was primarily driven by lower average selling prices resulting from lower raw material costs, lower prices for certain SIS product grades and mix, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates of   $1.2 million  , partially offset by a   7.5%   increase in sales volumes. The increase in sales volumes was primarily driven by paving, roofing, and personal care applications, partially offset by lower sales of SIS product grades into packaging and industrial adhesive applications.  
     For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Polymer segment operating income was   $59.9 million   compared to   $14.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Polymer segment generated   $141.0 million   of Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) compared to   $116.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $24.3 million   or   20.8%  . The increase was a result of higher sales volumes and lower costs, partially offset by lower unit margins, including the effect of product mix. The effect of currency fluctuations   negative  ly impacted Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) by   $4.9 million  . See a reconciliation of GAAP operating income to non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA below.  
  
   56 

Chemical Segment  
  Commensurate with our acquisition on   January 6, 2016  , Arizona Chemical is a separate operating segment. The following results of operations for the Chemical segment have been included in our consolidated results effective as of the date of the acquisition.  

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
  Adjusted Gross Profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share 
  We consider Adjusted Gross Profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share to be important supplemental measures of our performance and believe they are frequently used by investors, securities analysts, and other interested parties in the evaluation of our performance and/or that of other companies in our industry, including period-to-period comparisons. In addition, management uses these measures to evaluate operating performance, and our incentive compensation plan bases incentive compensation payments on our Adjusted EBITDA performance, along with other factors. Adjusted Gross Profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share have limitations as analytical tools and in some cases can vary substantially from other measures of our performance. You should not consider any of them in isolation, or as substitutes for analysis of our results under GAAP. 

____________________________________________________  
           (1) 
    The majority of our consolidated inventory is measured using the FIFO basis of accounting. As part of our pricing strategy, we measure our business performance using the ECRC of our inventory and cost of goods sold. Our ECRC is based on our current expectation of the current cost of our significant raw material inputs.  ECRC is developed monthly based on actual market-based contracted rates and spot market purchase rates that are expected to occur in the period.  We then adjust the value of the significant raw material inputs and their associated impact to finished goods to the current replacement cost to arrive at an ECRC value for inventory and cost of goods sold. The result of this revaluation from the GAAP carrying value creates the spread between GAAP and ECRC. We maintain our perpetual inventory in our global enterprise resource planning system, where the carrying value of our inventory is determined. With inventory valued under GAAP and ECRC, we then have the ability to report cost of goods sold and therefore Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share under both our GAAP convention and ECRC. 
       
           (2) 
    Adjusted Gross Profit is gross profit net of the impact of the spread between the FIFO basis of accounting and ECRC and net of the impact of items we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. Similarly, Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share is earnings per diluted share net of the impact of the spread between the FIFO basis of accounting and ECRC and net of the impact of items we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. We explain how each adjustment is derived and why we believe it is helpful and appropriate in the reconciliations below. You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment and the reasons we consider it appropriate for supplemental analysis. As a measure of our performance, Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share are limited because they often vary substantially from gross profit and earnings per diluted share calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
       
           (3) 
    EBITDA represents net income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Limitations for EBITDA as an analytical tool include the following: 
     
   57 

EBITDA does not reflect the significant interest expense on our debt; 
                
    EBITDA does not reflect the significant depreciation and amortization expense associated with our long-lived assets; 
                
    EBITDA included herein should not be used for purposes of assessing compliance or non-compliance with financial covenants under our debt agreements. The calculation of EBITDA in the debt agreements includes adjustments, such as extraordinary, non-recurring or one-time charges, proforma cost savings, certain non-cash items, turnaround costs, and other items included in the definition of EBITDA in the debt agreements; and 
                
    other companies in our industry may calculate EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
              (4) 
    Adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA net of the impact of the spread between the FIFO basis of accounting and ECRC and net of the impact of items we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. We explain how each adjustment is derived and why we believe it is helpful and appropriate in the reconciliation below. You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment and the reasons we consider it appropriate for supplemental analysis. As an analytical tool, Adjusted EBITDA is subject to the limitations applicable to EBITDA described above, as well as the following limitations: 
                
    due to volatility in raw material prices, Adjusted EBITDA may, and often does, vary substantially from EBITDA, net income and other performance measures, including net income calculated in accordance with US GAAP; and 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA may, and often will, vary significantly from EBITDA calculations under the terms of our debt agreements and should not be used for assessing compliance or non-compliance with financial covenants under our debt agreements. 
     Because of these and other limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. 
  Our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures and the adjustments made therein should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items, and in the future we may incur expenses or charges similar to the adjustments made in the presentation of our non-GAAP financial measures. 
  We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted Gross Profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share only as supplemental measures. See our financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 
  We reconcile Gross Profit to Adjusted Gross Profit as follows:  

___________________________________________________ 
           (a) 
    Severance expenses and other restructuring related charges. 
              (b) 
    In 2015, the reduction in costs is due to additional insurance recovery related to the Belpre, Ohio, production downtime. 
     
   58 

___________________________________________________ 
           (a) 
    Severance expenses and other restructuring related charges. 
              (b) 
    Higher costs of goods sold for our Chemical segment related to the fair value adjustment in purchase accounting for their inventory.  
              (c) 
    In 2015, the reduction in costs is due to additional insurance recovery related to the Belpre, Ohio, production downtime. 
     We reconcile consolidated net income (loss) and operating income (loss) to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as follows:   

  _____________________________________________________ 
           (a) 
    Charges related to the evaluation of acquisition transactions, severance expenses, and other restructuring related charges, which are primarily recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses.  
              (b) 
    In 2015, the reduction in costs is due to additional insurance recovery related to the Belpre, Ohio, production downtime, which is primarily recorded in cost of goods sold.  
              (c) 
    Startup costs related to the joint venture company, KFPC, which are recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
              (d) 
    For the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively,   $1.9 million   and   $1.7 million   is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses,   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   is recorded in research and development expenses, and   $0.1 million   and   $0.1 million   is recorded in cost of goods sold. 
     
   59 

_____________________________________________________ 
           (a) 
    Charges related to the evaluation of acquisition transactions, severance expenses, and other restructuring related charges, which are primarily recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses.  
              (b) 
    Higher costs of goods sold for our Chemical segment related to the fair value adjustment in purchase accounting for their inventory.  
              (c) 
    In 2015, the reduction in costs is due to additional insurance recovery related to the Belpre, Ohio, production downtime, which is primarily recorded in cost of goods sold.  
              (d) 
    Startup costs related to the joint venture company, KFPC, which are recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
              (e) 
    For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively,   $6.3 million   and   $5.7 million   is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses,   $0.6 million   and   $0.5 million   is recorded in research and development expenses, and   $0.4 million   and   $0.4 million   is recorded in cost of goods sold. 
     
   60 

We reconcile GAAP Earnings (Loss) Per Diluted Share to Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share as follows: 

_____________________________________________________ 
           (a) 
    Charges related to the evaluation of acquisition transactions, severance expenses, and other restructuring related charges which are primarily recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses.  
              (b) 
    In 2015, the reduction in costs is due to additional insurance recovery related to the Belpre, Ohio, production downtime, which is primarily recorded in cost of goods sold.  
              (c) 
    We had higher costs of goods sold for our Chemical segment related to the fair value adjustment in purchase accounting for their inventory.  
              (d) 
    Startup costs related to the joint venture company, KFPC, which are recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
              (e) 
    Reduction of income tax valuation allowance related to the assessment of our ability to utilize net operating losses in future periods. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.   We record goodwill when the purchase price of an acquired business exceeds the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. Goodwill and intangible assets are allocated to the reporting unit level based on the estimated fair value at the date of acquisition.  
  Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually. Our annual measurement date for testing impairment is October 1st. The impairment test includes a comparison of the carrying value of net assets of our reporting units, including goodwill, with their estimate fair values. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in the period in which the review is performed. 
  For a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates that require the use of significant estimates and judgments,   see  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   61 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  
  Description of the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility 
  Commensurate with the acquisition of Arizona Chemical, Kraton Polymers LLC entered into a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to   $1,350.0 million   that matures on   January 6, 2022   (the  Term Loan Facility ).   Subject to compliance with certain covenants and other conditions, we have the option to borrow up to $350.0 million of incremental term loans plus an additional amount subject to a senior secured net leverage ratio. 
  Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin, plus, at our option, either (a) an adjusted LIBOR rate (subject to a   1.0%   floor) determined by reference to the costs of funds for U.S. dollar deposits for the interest period relevant to such borrowing adjusted for statutory reserve requirements or (b) an alternate base rate (subject to a   2.0%   floor) determined by reference to the highest of (1) the prime rate of Credit Suisse AG, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus   0.5%   and (3) the one month adjusted LIBOR rate plus   1.0%   per annum. In addition, we are required to pay customary agency fees. As of the date of this filing, the effective rate on the Term Loan Facility was   6.0%   comprised of the   1.0%   LIBOR floor plus a   5.0%   applicable margin. 
  We are required to make scheduled quarterly payments on the Term Loan Facility of   2.5%   of the original principal amount per year through the end of the last quarter of 2016 and   5.0%   thereafter, with the balance expected to be due and payable in full on   January 6, 2022  . Voluntary prepayments on the Term Loan Facility may be made without premium or penalty other than customary  breakage  costs with respect to LIBOR loans and other than a 1.0% premium in connection with certain repricing transactions consummated within a certain period of time after the closing of the Term Loan Facility. In the event we have consolidated excess cash flow for any fiscal year, we are required to prepay an amount of borrowings under the Term Loan Facility equal to at least   50.0%   of such cash flow by the 90th day after the end of the fiscal year. The prepayment percentage is reduced to   25.0%   if our senior secured net leverage ratio is under   2.5  :1.0 or   0%   if our senior secured net leverage ratio is below   2.0  :1.0.  
  The Term Loan Facility is a senior secured obliga  tion that is guaranteed by Kraton Corporation and each of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries.   The Term Loan Facility contains a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants. These covenants include a senior secured net leverage ratio which shall not exceed, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter,   4.00  :1.00 through March 31, 2017, which will decrease to   3.75  :1.00 through March 31, 2018,   3.50  :1.00 through March 31, 2019, and   3.25  :1.00 thereafter. As of the date of this filing, we were in compliance with the covenants under the Term Loan Facility.   The $72.0 million received from the sale of the compounding assets was used to pay down existing indebtedness. As a result our next scheduled principal payment under the Term Loan Facility is not due until the third quarter of 2017.  
  Description of the   10.5%   Senior Notes due 2023 
  Commensurate with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, Kraton Polymers LLC and its wholly-owned financing subsidiary Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation issued   $440.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   10.5%   senior notes that mature on   April 15, 2023   (the    10.5%   Senior Notes ). The   10.5%   Senior Notes are general unsecured, senior obligations and are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of Kraton Corporation and each of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. We pay interest on the   10.5%   Senior Notes at   10.5%   per annum, semi-annually in arrears on   April 15   and   October 15   of each year, and paid the first interest payment on October 14, 2016. Prior   to October 15, 2018, we may redeem up to   40.0%   of the aggregate principal amount of the notes with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to   110.5%   of the principal amount of the   10.5%   Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption.   After October 15, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021 and thereafter, we may redeem all or a part of the   10.5%   Senior Notes for   107.875%  ,   105.250%  ,   102.625%  , and   100.0%   of the principal amount, respectively.  
  Description of the ABL Facility 
  In January 2016, we entered into an amended and restated asset-based revolving credit facility that provides financing of up to   $250.0 million   (the  ABL Facility ). The ABL Facility is primarily secured by receivables and inventory, and borrowing availability under the ABL Facility is subject to borrowing base limitations based on the level of receivables and inventory available for security. Revolver commitments under the ABL Facility consist of U.S. and Dutch revolving credit facility commitments, and the terms of the facility require the U.S. revolver commitment comprises at least   60.0%   of the commitments under the ABL Facility.  
  The ABL Facility   provides that we have the right at any time to request up to   $100.0 million   of additional commitments under this facility, provided that we satisfy additional conditions described in the credit agreement and provided further that the U.S. revolver commitment comprises at least   60.0%   of the commitments after giving effect to such increase.   We cannot guarantee that all of the lending counterparties contractually committed to fund a revolving credit draw request will actually fund future requests, although we currently believe that each of the counterparties would meet their funding requirements. The ABL Facility terminates on   January 6, 2021  ; however, we may, from time to time, request that the lenders  
  
   62 

extend the maturity of their commitments under the ABL Facility; provided that at no time shall there be more than four different maturity dates under the ABL Facility.  
  Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin plus (1) a base rate determined by reference to the prime rate of Bank of America, N.A. in the jurisdiction where the currency is being funded or (2) LIBOR for loans that bear interest based on LIBOR. The initial applicable margin for borrowings under the ABL Facility is   0.5%   with respect to U.S. base rate borrowings and   1.5%   with respect to LIBOR or borrowings made on a European base rate. The applicable margin ranges from   0.5%   to   1.0%   with respect to U.S. base rate borrowings and   1.5%   to   2.0%   for LIBOR or borrowings made on a European base rate per annum based on the average excess availability for the prior fiscal quarter. In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal amounts under the ABL Facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee in respect of the unutilized commitments at an annual rate of   0.375%  .  
  The ABL Facility contains a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of   1.0   to   1.0   if availability under the ABL Facility is below a specified amount. Our failure to comply with this financial covenant would give rise to a default under the ABL Facility. If factors arise that negatively impact our profitability, we may not be able to satisfy this covenant. In addition, the ABL Facility contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, a failure to make payments under the ABL Facility, cross-default with respect to other indebtedness and cross-judgment default, certain bankruptcy events and certain change of control events. If we are unable to satisfy the covenants or other provisions of the ABL Facility at any future time, we would need to seek an amendment or waiver of such covenants or other provisions. The respective lenders under the ABL Facility may elect not to consent to any amendment or waiver requests that we may make in the future, and, if they do consent, they may do so on terms that are not favorable to us. In the event that we are unable to obtain any such waiver or amendment and we are not able to refinance or repay the ABL Facility, our inability to meet the covenants or other provisions of the ABL Facility would constitute an event of default, which would permit the bank lenders to accelerate the ABL Facility. Such acceleration may in turn constitute an event of default under the Term Loan Facility,   10.5%   Senior Notes or other indebtedness. As of the date of this filing, we were in compliance with the covenants under the ABL Facility. 
  Description of KFPC Loan Agreement 
  On July 17, 2014, KFPC executed a syndicated loan agreement (the  KFPC Loan Agreement ) in the amount of   5.5 billion   New Taiwanese Dollars ( NTD ), or   $175.3 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate), to provide additional funding to construct the HSBC facility in Taiwan and to provide funding for working capital requirements and/or general corporate purposes. 
  The KFPC Loan Agreement is comprised of a NTD   4.29 billion   Tranche A, or   $136.7 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate), to fund KFPC s capital expenditures, and a NTD   1.21 billion   Tranche B, or   $38.6 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate), to fund working capital requirements and/or general corporate purposes. As of   September 30, 2016  , NTD   3.3 billion  , or   $106.1 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate) was drawn and outstanding on the KFPC Loan Agreement. The facility period of the KFPC Loan Agreement is   five years   from January 17, 2015 (the first drawdown date). KFPC may continue to draw on the loan agreement for the first   28 months   following the first drawdown date. Subject to certain conditions, KFPC can request a   two  -year extension of the term of the KFPC Loan Agreement.  
  The total outstanding principal amount is payable in   six   semi-annual installments with the first payment due on July 17, 2017 and each subsequent payment due every   six months   thereafter. The first   five   installments shall be in an amount equal to   10%   of the outstanding principal amount and the final installment shall be in an amount equal to the remaining   50%   of the outstanding principal amount. In the event the extension period is granted, the final   50%   of the outstanding principal amount shall be repaid in   five   equal semi-annual installments with the first installment due on the original final maturity date. 
  The KFPC Loan Agreement is subject to a variable interest rate composed of a fixed   0.8%   margin plus the three-month or six-month fixing rate of the Taipei Interbank Offered Rate (depending on the interest period selected by KFPC in the drawdown request or the interest period notice), subject to a floor of   1.7%  . Interest is payable on a monthly basis. 
  The KFPC Loan Agreement contains certain financial covenants which change during the term of the KFPC Loan Agreement. The financial covenants include a maximum debt to equity ratio of   3.0   to 1.0 through 2016, which will decrease to   2.0   to 1.0 in 2017 and   1.2   to 1.0 in 2018; a minimum tangible net worth requirement of   $50.0 million   through 2018, which will increase to   $100.0 million   in 2019; and a minimum interest coverage ratio of   2.5   to 1.0 commencing at the end of the year of 2016, which will increase to   5.0   to 1.0 at the end of the year of 2017. In each case, these covenants are calculated and tested on an annual basis. Formosa Petrochemical Corporation and Kraton Polymers LLC are the guarantors of the KFPC Loan Agreement with each guarantor guaranteeing   50%   of the indebtedness. At   September 30, 2016  , KFPC was in compliance with the covenants under the KFPC Loan Agreement. For additional information regarding our KFPC Loan Agreement, see    KFPC Loan Agreement    in Note 8   Long-Term Debt,   which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   63 

Known Trends and Uncertainties 
  Kraton Corporation is a holding company without any operations or assets other than the operations of its subsidiaries. Cash flows from operations of our subsidiaries, cash on hand, and available borrowings under the Term Loan Facility and ABL Facility are our principal sources of liquidity. 
  Based upon current and anticipated levels of operations, we believe that cash flows from operations of our subsidiaries, cash on hand, and borrowings available to us will be sufficient to fund our expected financial obligations, planned capital expenditures, and anticipated liquidity requirements, including working capital requirements, our investment in the KFPC joint venture, debt payments, interest payments, benefit plan contributions, and income tax obligations.  
  Our cash flows are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, earnings, sensitivities to the cost of raw materials, seasonality, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Because feedstock costs generally represent a substantial portion of our cost of goods sold, in periods of rising feedstock costs, we generally consume cash in operating activities due to increases in accounts receivable and inventory costs, partially offset by increased value of accounts payable. Conversely, during periods in which feedstock costs are declining, we generate cash flow from decreases in working capital. 
  Going forward there can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under the Term Loan Facility and the ABL Facility (the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities )or any new credit facilities or financing arrangements to fund liquidity needs and enable us to service our indebtedness. As of the date of this filing, our available borrowing capacity under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities was $197.9 million, with no borrowings. Our available cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts managed by third-party financial institutions and consist of cash invested in interest bearing funds and operating accounts. To date, we have not experienced any losses or lack of access to our invested cash or cash equivalents; however, we cannot provide any assurance that adverse conditions in the financial markets will not impact access to our invested cash and cash equivalents. 
  We made contributions of   $4.5 million   and   $1.1 million   to our pension plans during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Following the close of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition on January 6, 2016, we assumed responsibility for several additional international pension plans and one additional U.S defined benefit pension plan. We expect our total pension plan contributions for the year ended December 31, 2016 to be approximately   $6.9 million  . Our pension plan obligations are predicated on a number of factors, the primary ones being the return on our pension plan assets and the discount rate used in deriving our pension obligations. If the investment return on our pension plan assets does not meet or exceed expectations during   2016  , and the discount rate decreases from the prior year, higher levels of contributions could be required in   2017   and beyond. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $121.7 million   of cash and short-term investments related to foreign operations that management asserts are permanently reinvested. As a result of net operating loss carryforwards, management estimates that approximately   $2.4 million   of additional cash tax expense would be incurred if this cash were repatriated as a result of the net operating loss carryforwards in the United States. 
  Turbulence in U.S. and international markets and economies may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, the liquidity and financial condition of our customers, and our ability to timely replace maturing liabilities and access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs, resulting in adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. However, to date we have been able to access borrowings available to us in amounts sufficient to fund liquidity needs. 
  Our ability to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, fund working capital, make anticipated capital expenditures, and fund our investment in the KFPC joint venture depends on our future performance, which is subject to general economic conditions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.    See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   for further discussion. 
  Operating Cash Flows 
  Net cash provided by operating activities totaled   $126.1 million   and   $81.6 million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. This represents a net increase in operating cash flows of   $44.6 million  , which was primarily driven by changes in working capital. The net change in working capital provided cash flows of   $22.4 million   and   $36.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. The period-over-period changes are as follows: 
             
    $8.4 million   decrease associated with accounts receivable, due to higher sales volumes and timing of cash receipts from customers; 
                
    $6.4 million   decrease in cash flows associated with inventories of products, materials, and supplies, due to higher raw material costs, partially offset by lower inventory volumes in our Polymer segment; partially offset by  
     
   64 

$0.7 million   net increase in cash flows due to the timing of payments of other items, including accounts payable, related party transactions, taxes, and pension costs.  
     Investing Cash Flows 
  Net cash used in investing activities totaled   $1,323.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   $90.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which includes   $1,312.1 million   related to the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, net of cash acquired, partially offset by   $72.8 million   cash received from the sale of the BCU.  
  Expected Capital Expenditures 
  We currently expect   2016   capital expenditures, excluding capital expenditures by the KFPC joint venture and capitalized interest, will be approximately   $85.0 million   to   $95.0 million  . Included in this estimate is approximately   $20.0 million   for projects associated with our cost reset initiative and   $3.4 million   for projects to achieve operational synergies related to the integration of Arizona Chemical. 
  We currently anticipate the total KFPC joint venture project construction cost will be approximately   $180.0 million  ; of which,   2016   capital expenditures will be approximately   $40.0 million  . The project has been funded with a combination of equity and debt financing. From the inception of the project to   September 30, 2016  , we and FPCC have each made equity investments of   $41.6 million   to KFPC. On July 17, 2014, KFPC executed a syndicated loan agreement in the amount of   5.5 billion   NTD, or   $175.3 million   (converted at the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate), to provide the debt portion of the project financing including funding for working capital and/or general corporate purposes. Kraton Polymers LLC and FPCC are guarantors of the KFPC Loan Agreement with each guaranteeing   50%   of the indebtedness. See Note 8   Long-Term Debt  , for further discussion of the KFPC Loan Agreement. 
  Financing Cash Flows 
  Our consolidated capital structure as of   September 30, 2016   was approximately   21.2%   equity,   77.3%   debt and   1.4%   noncontrolling interest compared to approximately   43.7%   equity,   52.1%   debt, and   4.2%   noncontrolling interest at   December 31, 2015  . 
  In connection with the Arizona Chemical Acquisition, we issued a   $1,350.0 million   Term Loan Facility and   $440.0 million   of   10.5%   Senior Notes. In addition, we utilized $37.1 million of the ABL Facility at closing of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition. We applied a portion of the acquisition-related proceeds to prepay our 6.75% Senior Notes ($350.0 million principal amount plus fees and expenses of $8.0 million) and fund   $57.6 million   of debt issuance costs.  
  Since the date of the Arizona Chemical Acquisition (excluding borrowings under the KFPC Loan Agreement) we repaid approximately $109 million of Kraton Corporation indebtedness, while increasing cash on hand (excluding KFPC cash) by approximately $37 million.  

65 

Contractual Commitments  
  Our contractual obligations are summarized in   Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . Other than our obligations under the Arizona Chemical Acquisition stock purchase agreement, there have been no material changes to the contractual obligation amounts disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

________________________________________________ 
            (2) 
    Included in this line are our estimated minimum purchases required under our KFPC joint venture agreement. Due to the indefinite term of this joint venture, we have based our minimum purchases on an assumed 20 year useful life of the facility. 
              (3) 
    Pursuant to operating agreements with LyondellBasell, we are currently paying the costs incurred by them in connection with the operation and maintenance of, and other services related to, our Berre, France, and Wesseling, Germany, facilities. These obligations are not included in this table. 
              (4) 
    This includes the future pension contributions for our Polymer segment utilizing the following assumptions: 
                 
    All assets at December 31, 2015 were moved into a portfolio of high quality bonds whose cash flow matches the expected cash flow of the  frozen  plan. The yield on the portfolio of bonds as of December 31, 2015 is equal to the estimated PPA effective rate at January 1, 2016. Assets were assumed to remain in such portfolio until all obligations of the plan were paid out; 
                 
    All contributions are made at the latest date allowable by law; and 
                
    All other assumptions as used in the 2015 funding actuarial valuation of the plan are met. 

(5) 
    Effective with the   January 6, 2016   Arizona Chemical Acquisition, we acquired several defined benefit plans in both U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. The unfunded status of these plans was $35.1 million as of   September 30, 2016   and we expect to contribute   $5.1 million   to these plans during the twelve months ending December 31, 2016.  
     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We are not involved in any material off-balance sheet arrangements as of   September 30, 2016  , other than operating leases. 

66 

Item 3.  
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
     For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see   Part II, Item 7A,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . There have been no material changes to the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . See Note 9   Fair Value Measurements, Financial Instruments and Credit Risk   for further discussion. 

Item 4.  
    Controls and Procedures. 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
  An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. As of   September 30, 2016  , based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  We acquired Arizona Chemical on   January 6, 2016   and are currently in the process of integrating Arizona Chemical into our existing internal controls over financial reporting. Except for any changes in internal controls related to the integration of Arizona Chemical and its subsidiaries, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our   three months ended September 30, 2016   which were identified in connection with management's evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.  
    Legal Proceedings. 
     We and certain of our subsidiaries, from time to time, are parties to various other legal proceedings, claims, and disputes that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. These claims may involve significant amounts, some of which would not be covered by insurance. A substantial settlement payment or judgment in excess of our accruals could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. While the outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect any of these existing matters, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect upon our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  In January 2014, our Belpre, Ohio, facility experienced a mechanical equipment failure due to inclement weather that resulted in a release of process solvents into nearby waterways. Applicable authorities were notified, and cleanup activities have been completed. Kraton may be required to pay governmental fines or sanctions in excess of $100,000 in connection with this event. 
  For more information regarding legal proceedings, including environmental matters, see Note 11   Commitments and Contingencies   to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Item 1A.  
    Risk Factors. 
     Readers of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should carefully consider the risks described in our other reports and filings filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our prior and subsequent reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, in connection with any evaluation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
  The risks and uncertainties in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known or those that are currently deemed immaterial may also affect our operations. Any of the risks, uncertainties, events or circumstances described therein could cause our future financial condition, results of operations or cash flows to be adversely affected. There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

67 

Item 6.  
    Exhibits. 
       
                   Exhibit 
  Number 

3.1 
      
    Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Kraton Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Kraton Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2016) 
      3.2 
      
    First Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kraton Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Kraton Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2016) 
      4.1 
      
    Specimen Stock Certificate of Kraton Corporation s Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Kraton Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2016) 
      10.1+* 
      
    Form of Kraton Corporation Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Kraton Corporation 2016 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan 
      10.2+* 
      
    Form of Kraton Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Kraton Corporation 2016 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan 
      10.3+* 
      
    Form of Kraton Corporation Restricted Stock Performance Unit Award Agreement under the Kraton Corporation 2016 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan 
      10.4+* 
      
    Form of Kraton Corporation Nonqualified Option Award Agreement under the Kraton Corporation 2016 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan 
      31.1* 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2* 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.1* 
      
    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
      101* 
      
    The following materials from Kraton Corporation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (Unaudited), (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited), (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited), (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited), (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 

_________________________________________________ 
           * 
    Filed herewith. 
              + 
    Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
     
   68 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

KRATON CORPORATION 

Date: 
    October 27, 2016 
    /s/    Kevin M. Fogarty 

Kevin M. Fogarty 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    October 27, 2016 
    /s/    Stephen E. Tremblay 

Stephen E. Tremblay 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

69 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 kraexhibit101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

KRATON CORPORATION      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT  
  Upon acceptance by you through the online acceptance procedures set forth at www.stockplanconnect.com, this Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this    Agreement   ) is made effective as of the Grant Date (defined below) between Kraton Corporation (the    Company   , and formerly known as Kraton Performance Polymers, Inc.) and you (the    Participant   ). This Agreement evidences a grant of restricted shares of the common stock, $0.01 par value, of the Company (   Common Stock   ) under the Company s 2016 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan (as amended, the    Plan   ). Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
  1.  Investment  .  The Participant represents that the shares of Restricted Stock (as defined herein) are being acquired for investment and not with a view toward the distribution thereof. 
  2.  Grant of Restricted Stock  .  Pursuant to, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Participant an award of the number of shares of restricted Common Stock set forth on the Participant s online award acceptance page at www.stockplanconnect.com, which is incorporated by reference herein (collectively, the    Restricted Stock   ). The purchase price for the Restricted Stock has been paid by the Participant s past services to the Company.  
  3.  Grant Date  .  The grant date of the Restricted Stock (   Grant Date   ) is the date set forth on the Participant s online award acceptance page at www.stockplanconnect.com, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
  4.  Incorporation of Plan  .  All terms, conditions and restrictions of the Plan are incorporated herein and made part hereof as if stated herein. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan, as interpreted by the Committee, shall govern. 
  5.  Vesting Date  .  The Restricted Stock shall become vested as follows: 100% of the Restricted Stock shall vest on (i) the third anniversary of the Grant Date;   provided   that the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company through such date; or (ii) the date of the Participant s employment is terminated due to Disability or death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if within the one-year period following a Change in Control the Participant s employment is terminated by the Company or its affiliates without Cause, all Restricted Stock held by such Participant shall immediately vest, and all restrictions thereon shall immediately lapse, as of the effective date of such termination of the Participant s employment subject to the Participant s execution of an effective general release and waiver of all claims against the Company, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors related to the Participant s employment, in a form acceptable to the Company at the Participant s termination of employment. 
  For purposes of this Agreement,    Disability    has the meaning ascribed to it in the Company s long-term disability plan and    Cause    means (i) a material breach by the Participant of any of the Participant s obligations under any written agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates, (ii) a material violation by the Participant of any of the Company s policies, procedures, rules and regulations applicable to employees generally or to employees at your grade level, in each case, as they may be amended from time to time in the Company s sole discretion; (iii) the failure by the Participant to reasonably and substantially perform his or her duties to the Company or its affiliates (other than as a result of physical or mental illness or injury); (iv) the Participant s willful misconduct or gross negligence that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the business, reputation or prospects of the Company or any of its affiliates; (v) the Participant s fraud or misappropriation of funds; or (vi) the commission by the Participant of a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude; provided that if the Participant is a party to an employment agreement with the Company or its affiliate (an    Employment Agreement   ) at the time of his or her termination of employment and such Employment Agreement contains a different definition of  cause  (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such Employment Agreement will control for purposes of this Agreement.  
  
   1 

If a Participant is terminated without Cause and, within the twelve (12)-month period subsequent to such termination of employment, the Company determines in good faith that the Participant s employment could have been terminated for Cause, subject to anything to the contrary that may be contained in the Participant s Employment Agreement at the time of his or her termination of employment, the Participant s employment will, at the election of the Company, be deemed to have been terminated for Cause, effective as of the date the events giving rise to Cause occurred. 
  6.  Forfeiture; Restrictions  .  Subject to the provisions of the Plan and Section 5 of this Agreement, with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock that have not become vested on the date the Participant s employment is terminated, the award of Restricted Stock shall expire and such unvested shares of Restricted Stock shall immediately be forfeited on such date. Participant shall not sell, transfer, pledge, assign, alienate, hypothecate, or otherwise encumber or dispose of the Restricted Shares other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
  7.  Delays or Omissions  .  No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing to any party hereto upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party or any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing.  
  8.  Integration  .  This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein and the Plan. This Agreement and the Plan supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
  9.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the provisions governing conflict of laws, to the maximum extent practicable calls for performance and shall be performable at the offices of the Company in Houston, Harris County, Texas and venue for any dispute arising hereunder shall lie exclusively in the state and/or federal courts of Harris County, Texas and the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, respectively. 
  10.  Participant Acknowledgment  .  The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan via online delivery at www.stockplanconnect.com.  The Participant hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee in respect of the Plan, this Agreement and the Restricted Stock shall be final and conclusive. 
  11.  Mandatory Withholding for Taxes  .  The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall deduct from the shares of Common Stock deliverable a number of shares of Common Stock (valued at their Fair Market Value) on the applicable date that is equal to the amount of all federal, state and local taxes required to be withheld by the Company, as determined by the Committee. 
  12.  Adjustments  .  As provided in Section 15 of the Plan, certain adjustments may be made to the Restricted Stock upon the occurrence of events or circumstances described in Section 15 of the Plan. 
  13.  Restrictions Imposed by Law  .  The Company shall not be required to issue shares of Common Stock unless and until (i) such shares have been duly listed upon each stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then registered and (ii) the Company has complied with applicable federal and state securities laws. 
  14.  Participant Employment  .  Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action of the Company or the Committee with respect hereto, shall confer or be construed to confer on the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any employing  
  
   2 

Subsidiary to terminate the Participant s employment at any time, with or without cause; subject, however, to the provisions of any employment agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary. 
  [  Intentionally Left Blank  ] 
  
   3 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 kraexhibit102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

KRATON CORPORATION      RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT  
  Upon acceptance by you through the online acceptance procedures set forth at www.stockplanconnect.com, this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this    Agreement   ) is made effective as of the Grant Date (defined below) between Kraton Corporation (the    Company   , and formerly known as Kraton Performance Polymers, Inc.) and you (the    Participant   ). This Agreement evidences a grant of restricted stock units consisting of an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of the common stock, $0.01 par value, of the Company (   Common Stock   ) under the Company s 2016 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan (as amended, the    Plan   ). Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
  1.  Grant of Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Participant an award of the number of restricted stock units of the Company set forth on the Participant s online award acceptance page at www.stockplanconnect.com, which is incorporated by reference herein (collectively, the    Restricted Stock Units   ). Each Restricted Stock Unit constitutes an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver one share of Common Stock to Participant on the vesting date subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Participant s rights with respect to the Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeitable until the Restricted Stock Units vest in accordance with Section 4. As a holder of Restricted Stock Units, the Participant has the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are converted to shares of Common Stock upon vesting and transferred to Participant, as set forth herein. During the period prior to vesting of the Restricted Stock Units in accordance with Section 4, the Restricted Stock Units shall be bookkeeping entries only, and Participant shall have no rights to receive any shares of Common Stock hereunder. Participant shall have no voting or other rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Restricted Stock Units prior to the issuance of Shares in accordance with Section 6.  
  2.  Grant Date  .  The grant date of the Restricted Stock Units (the    Grant Date   ) is the date set forth on the Participant s online award acceptance page at www.stockplanconnect.com, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
  3.  Incorporation of Plan  .  All terms, conditions and restrictions of the Plan are incorporated herein and made part hereof as if stated herein. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan, as interpreted by the Committee, shall govern. All capitalized terms used herein that are not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan. 
  4.  Vesting Date; Settlement  .  The Restricted Stock Units shall become vested as follows: 100% of the Restricted Stock Units shall vest on (i) the third anniversary of the Grant Date;   provided   that the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company through such date; or (ii) the date of the Participant s employment is terminated due to Disability or death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if within the one-year period following a Change in Control the Participant s employment is terminated by the Company or its affiliate without Cause, all Restricted Stock Units held by such Participant shall immediately vest as of the effective date of such termination of the Participant s employment subject to the Participant's execution of an effective general release and waiver of all claims against the Company, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors related to the Participant s employment, in a form acceptable to the Company at the Participant s termination of employment. Upon the occurrence of the date of vesting described above, the Company shall deliver to the Participant the applicable number shares of Common Stock via electronic book-entry issuance. If and when cash dividends or other cash distributions are paid or distributed with respect to the Common Stock while the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding, the dollar amount of such dividends or distributions with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock then underlying the Restricted Stock Units shall be reflected in a notional account maintained by the Company on your behalf. Any such cash dividends or other cash distributions shall vest and be paid in cash if and at such times as the underlying Restricted Stock Units are vested and paid. 
  
   1 

For purposes of this Agreement,    Disability    has the meaning ascribed to it in the Company s long-term disability plan, and    Cause    means (i) a material breach by the Participant of any of the Participant s obligations under any written agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates, (ii) a material violation by the Participant of any of the Company s policies, procedures, rules and regulations applicable to employees generally or to employees at your grade level, in each case, as they may be amended from time to time in the Company s sole discretion; (iii) the failure by the Participant to reasonably and substantially perform his or her duties to the Company or its affiliates (other than as a result of physical or mental illness or injury); (iv) the Participant s willful misconduct or gross negligence that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the business, reputation or prospects of the Company or any of its affiliates; (v) the Participant s fraud or misappropriation of funds; or (vi) the commission by the Participant of a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude;   provided   that if the Participant is a party to an employment agreement with the Company or its affiliate (an    Employment Agreement   ) at the time of his or her termination of employment and such Employment Agreement contains a different definition of  cause  (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such Employment Agreement will control for purposes of this Agreement.  
  If a Participant is terminated without Cause and, within the twelve (12)-month period subsequent to such termination of employment, the Company determines in good faith that the Participant s employment could have been terminated for Cause, subject to anything to the contrary that may be contained in the Participant s Employment Agreement at the time of his or her termination of employment, the Participant s employment will, at the election of the Company, be deemed to have been terminated for Cause, effective as of the date the events giving rise to Cause occurred. 
  5.  Forfeiture; Restrictions  .  Subject to the provisions of the Plan and Section 4 of this Agreement, with respect to the Restricted Stock Units that have not become vested on the date the Participant s employment is terminated, the award of Restricted Stock Units shall expire and such unvested Restricted Stock Units shall immediately be forfeited on such date. Participant shall not sell, transfer, pledge, assign, alienate, hypothecate, or otherwise encumber or dispose of the Restricted Stock Units other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
  6.  Delivery of Shares; Compliance with Securities Laws  .  Upon the vesting of any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder, the Company shall direct its transfer agent to record by electronic book-entry in Participant s name a number of unrestricted shares of Common Stock equal to the whole number of Restricted Stock Units that become vested hereunder. Nothing herein shall obligate the Company to register the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to any applicable securities law or to take any other affirmative action in order to cause the issuance or transfer of the Restricted Stock Units to comply with any law or regulation of any governmental authority. The Company shall not be required to issue any shares of Common Stock prior to: (a) the obtaining of any approval from any governmental agency which the Company determines to be necessary or advisable; and (b) the Participant s payment to the Company of any federal, state or local tax or other withholding owed by Participant as a result of vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
  7.  Delays or Omissions  .  No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing to any party hereto upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party or any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. 
  8.  Integration  .  This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein and the Plan. This Agreement and the Plan supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
  9.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the provisions governing conflict of laws, to the maximum extent practicable calls for performance and shall be performable at the offices of the Company in Houston,  
  
   2 

Harris County, Texas and venue for any dispute arising hereunder shall lie exclusively in the state and/or federal courts of Harris County, Texas and the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, respectively. 
  10.  Participant Acknowledgment  . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan via online delivery at www.stockplanconnect.com. The Participant hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee in respect of the Plan, this Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units shall be final and conclusive. 
  11.  Mandatory Withholding of Taxes  .  The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall deduct from the shares of Common Stock or cash otherwise payable or deliverable an amount of cash and/or number of shares of Common Stock (valued at their Fair Market Value) on the applicable date that is equal to the amount of all federal, state and local taxes required to be withheld by the Company, as determined by the Committee. 
  12.  Adjustments  .  As provided in Section 15 of the Plan, certain adjustments may be made to the Restricted Stock Units upon the occurrence of events or circumstances described in Section 15 of the Plan. 
  13.  Restrictions Imposed by Law  .  The Company shall not be required to issue shares of Common Stock unless and until (i) such shares have been duly listed upon each stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then registered and (ii) the Company has complied with applicable federal and state securities laws. 
  14.  Participant Employment  .  Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action of the Company or the Committee with respect hereto, shall confer or be construed to confer on the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any employing Subsidiary to terminate the Participant s employment at any time, with or without cause; subject, however, to the provisions of any employment agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary. 
  15.  Section 409A  .  Payments under this Agreement are designed to be made in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code as a  short-term deferral,  and the provisions of this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed accordingly (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted, or construed). 
  [  Intentionally Left Blank  ] 

3 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 kraexhibit103.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

KRATON CORPORATION      RESTRICTED STOCK PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
  Upon acceptance by you through the online acceptance procedures set forth at www.stockplanconnect.com, this Restricted Stock Performance Unit Award Agreement (this    Agreement   ) is made effective as of the Grant Date (defined below) between Kraton Corporation (the    Company   , and formerly known as Kraton Performance Polymers, Inc.) and you (the    Participant   ). This Agreement evidences a grant of restricted stock units consisting of an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of the common stock, $0.01 par value, of the Company (   Common Stock   ) under the Company s 2016 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan (as amended, the    Plan   ). Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
  1.  Grant of Restricted Stock Units  .  Pursuant to, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Participant an award of the number of restricted stock units of the Company set forth on the Participant s online award acceptance page at www.stockplanconnect.com, which is incorporated by reference herein, which number assumes achievement of the Target level of performance as described on   Schedule I   (collectively, the    Restricted Stock Units   ),   provided   that (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement) the final number of restricted stock units shall be determined on the vesting date in accordance with the performance criteria set forth on Schedule I. Each Restricted Stock Unit constitutes an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver one share of Common Stock to Participant on the vesting date subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Participant s rights with respect to the Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeitable until the Restricted Stock Units vest in accordance with Section 4. As a holder of Restricted Stock Units, the Participant has the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are converted to shares of Common Stock upon vesting and transferred to Participant, as set forth herein.  During the period prior to vesting of the Restricted Stock Units in accordance with Section 4, the Restricted Stock Units shall be bookkeeping entries only, and Participant shall have no rights to receive any shares of Common Stock hereunder. Participant shall have no voting or other rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Restricted Stock Units prior to the issuance of Shares in accordance with Section 6.  
  2.        Grant Date  .  The grant date of the Restricted Stock Units (the    Grant Date   ) is the date set forth on the Participant s online award acceptance page at www.stockplanconnect.com, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
  3.        Incorporation of Plan  .  All terms, conditions and restrictions of the Plan are incorporated herein and made part hereof as if stated herein. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan, as interpreted by the Committee, shall govern. All capitalized terms used herein that are not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan. 
  4.        Vesting Date; Settlement  .  The Restricted Stock Units shall become vested as follows:  
           (a) 
    On the third anniversary of the Grant Date, a number of Restricted Stock Units shall vest based on the extent to which the Company has satisfied the performance conditions set forth on Schedule I to this Agreement, provided that the Participant is continuously employed by the Company through such date; or 
              (b) 
    If the Participant s employment is terminated prior to the third anniversary of the Grant Date due to Disability or death, then the Restricted Stock Units shall vest on a pro rata basis at Target level (as described on Schedule I) effective as of the Participant s termination date (rounded up to the next whole share), provided that the Participant is continuously employed by the Company through such date, with such pro rata vesting to occur on the following schedule: 
     
   1 

Date of Termination due to Disability or death  : 
    Amount Vested 
      On or prior to first anniversary of Grant Date 
    1/3 of Target level 
      After first anniversary of Grant Date but on or prior to second anniversary of Grant Date 
    2/3 of Target level 
      After second anniversary of Grant Date but prior to third anniversary of Grant Date 
    Target level 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if within the one (1)-year period following a Change in Control, but prior to the vesting event described in clause (a) above, the Participant s employment is terminated by the Company or its affiliate without Cause, then the Restricted Stock Units held by such Participant shall vest at Target level effective as of the Participant s termination date subject to the Participant's execution of an effective general release and waiver (without revocation during any revocation period) of all claims against the Company, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors related to the Participant s employment, in a form acceptable to the Company at the Participant s termination of employment, not later than 50 days after the Participant s termination date. Upon the occurrence of the date of vesting described above, the Company shall deliver to the Participant the applicable number shares of Common Stock via electronic book-entry issuance. 
  For purposes of this Agreement,    Disability    has the meaning ascribed to it in the Company s long-term disability plan, and    Cause    means (i) a material breach by the Participant of any of the Participant s obligations under any written agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates, (ii) a material violation by the Participant of any of the Company s policies, procedures, rules and regulations applicable to employees generally or to employees at your grade level, in each case, as they may be amended from time to time in the Company s sole discretion; (iii) the failure by the Participant to reasonably and substantially perform his or her duties to the Company or its affiliates (other than as a result of physical or mental illness or injury); (iv) the Participant s willful misconduct or gross negligence that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the business, reputation or prospects of the Company or any of its affiliates; (v)  the Participant s fraud or misappropriation of funds; or (vi) the commission by the Participant of a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude; provided that if the Participant is a party to an employment agreement with the Company or its affiliate (an    Employment Agreement   ) at the time of his or her termination of employment and such Employment Agreement contains a different definition of  cause  (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such Employment Agreement will control for purposes of this Agreement. 
  If a Participant is terminated without Cause and, within the twelve (12)-month period subsequent to such termination of employment, the Company determines in good faith that the Participant s employment could have been terminated for Cause, subject to anything to the contrary that may be contained in the Participant s Employment Agreement at the time of his or her termination of employment, the Participant s employment will, at the election of the Company, be deemed to have been terminated for Cause, effective as of the date the events giving rise to Cause occurred. 
  5.        Forfeiture; Restrictions  .  Subject to the provisions of the Plan and Section 4 of this Agreement, with respect to the Restricted Stock Units that have not become vested on the date the Participant s employment is terminated, the award of Restricted Stock Units shall expire and such unvested Restricted Stock Units shall immediately be forfeited on such date. Participant shall not sell, transfer, pledge, assign, alienate, hypothecate, or otherwise encumber or dispose of the Restricted Stock Units other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
  6.        Delivery of Shares; Compliance with Securities Laws  .  Upon the vesting of any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder, the Company shall direct its transfer agent to record by electronic book-entry in Participant s name a number of unrestricted shares of Common Stock equal to the whole number of Restricted Stock Units that become vested hereunder. Nothing herein shall obligate the Company to register the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to any applicable securities law or to take any other affirmative action in order to cause the issuance or transfer of the Restricted Stock Units to comply with any law or regulation of any governmental authority. The Company shall not be required to issue any shares of Common Stock prior to: (a) the obtaining of any approval from any governmental agency which the Company determines to be necessary or advisable; and (b) the Participant s payment to the Company  
  
   2 

of any federal, state or local tax or other withholding owed by Participant as a result of vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
  7.        Delays or Omissions  .  No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing to any party hereto upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party or any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. 
  8.        Integration  .  This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein and the Plan. This Agreement and the Plan supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
  9.        Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
  10.        Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue  .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the provisions governing conflict of laws, to the maximum extent practicable calls for performance and shall be performable at the offices of the Company in Houston, Harris County, Texas and venue for any dispute arising hereunder shall lie exclusively in the state and/or federal courts of Harris County, Texas and the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, respectively. 
  11.        Participant Acknowledgment  .  The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan via online delivery at www.stockplanconnect.com. The Participant hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee in respect of the Plan, and this Agreement shall be final and conclusive. 
  12.        Mandatory Withholding of Taxes  .  The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall deduct from the shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable a number of shares of Common Stock (valued at their Fair Market Value) on the applicable date that is equal to the amount of all federal, state and local taxes required to be withheld by the Company, as determined by the Committee. 
  13.        Adjustments  .  As provided in Section 15 of the Plan, certain adjustments may be made to the Restricted Stock Units upon the occurrence of events or circumstances described in Section 15 of the Plan. 
  14.        Restrictions Imposed by Law  .  The Company shall not be required to issue shares of Common Stock unless and until (i) such shares have been duly listed upon each stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then registered and (ii) the Company has complied with applicable federal and state securities laws. 
  15.        Participant Employment  .  Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action of the Company or the Committee with respect hereto, shall confer or be construed to confer on the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any employing Subsidiary to terminate the Participant s employment at any time, with or without cause; subject, however, to the provisions of any employment agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary. 
  16.        Return of Restricted Stock Units  .  If at any time during or after the Performance Period, the Committee determines that an earlier determination as to the achievement of the performance conditions set forth on Schedule I was based on incorrect data and that in fact the performance conditions set forth on Schedule I had not been achieved  
  
   3 

or had been achieved to a lesser extent than originally determined and a portion of the Restricted Stock Units would not have been vested or settled given the correct data, then (i) such portion of the Restricted Stock Units that became vested shall be deemed to be not vested and (ii) such portion of the Restricted Stock Units that were settled in respect of the Participant shall be paid by the Participant to the Company (or, if such shares were disposed of, the cash equivalent as of the date of settlement) upon notice from the Company as provided by the Committee. 
  17.        Section 409A  .  Payments under this Agreement are designed to be made in a manner that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code as a  short-term deferral,  and the provisions of this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed accordingly (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted, or construed). 
  [  Intentionally Left Blank  ] 
  
   4 

Schedule I      Performance Condition 
  The number of Restricted Stock Units of the Company set forth on the Participant s online award acceptance page at www.stockplanconnect.com, which is incorporated by reference herein and which number assumes achievement of the Target level of performance as described in this Schedule I, shall be split 75%, towards the achievement of above threshold performance of Performance Profit (as     defined below) during the 3-year period commencing January 1, 2016 and ending December 31, 2018 (the    Performance Period   ) and 25% towards the achievement of relative Total Shareholder Return (as defined below) during the 3-year period commencing December 31, 2015 and ending December 31, 2018. Such performance units, if any, will vest in accordance with Section 4 of the Agreement: 

The achievement of the performance criteria shall be certified by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (   Compensation Committee   ) after the conclusion of the Performance Period.  In determining the level of performance achieved and the number of Restricted Stock Units earned, the Compensation Committee will, if above the threshold level of performance is achieved, interpolate between 0.5x and 2.0x of the Target amount of restricted stock units. 
  For the purposes of this Agreement,    Performance Profit    measures the return on capital, based on the comparison of a targeted capital charge multiplied by yearly average assets employed to determine target PP and actual PP.  Actual average capital employed is equal to the annual average of total assets, less excess cash (where excess cash is the amount greater than $50 million) less total current liabilities, plus the current portion of long-term debt   all determined based on US GAAP.  PP target will be determined based on multiplying the actual average capital employed for the year by the capital charge.  The actual PP is equal to Adjusted EBITDA@ECRC, less non-cash compensation expense, less D A, net of taxes at a 29% rate.  Each year threshold, target, and stretch will be added together and compared against the actual PP for the three-year period, resulting in a cumulative result. 
  For the purposes of this Agreement,      Relative Total Shareholder Return      means the difference in the compound annual growth in starting stock price (12/31/2015) and ending stock price (12/31/2018) plus reinvestment of dividends on the ex-dividend rate.  This number will be compared to a specified performance peer group, with the payout based on Kraton s percentile rank relative to the performance peer group.  The performance peer group, a subset of the Russell 3000 index plus any current compensation peer companies not already included (48 specialized chemical companies) is listed below: 
  
   5 

A Schulman, Inc 
    Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. 
    Albemarle, Corp 
    Ashland, Inc 
    Axiall Corp 
    Balchem Corp 
      Celanese Corp 
    Chase Corp 
    Chemtura Corp 
    Cytec Industries, Inc 
    E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Co 
    
    Eastman Chemical Corp 
      Ecolab Inc 
    Ferro Corporation 
    Flotek Industries, Inc 
    FMC Corp 
    FutureFuel Corp 
    HB Fuller Co 
    
      Huntsman Corp 
    Innophus Holdings Inc 
    Innospec, Inc 
    International Flavors   Fragrances, Inc 
    
    KMG Chemicals, Inc 
    Landec Corp 
      LSB Industries 
    Minerals Technologies Inc 
    NewMarket Corporation 
    
    Olin Corp 
    
    OM Group Inc 
    OMNOVA Solutions Inc 
    
      Platform Specialty Products Corp 
    
    PolyOne Corp 
    Polypore International Inc 
    PPG Industries Inc 
    Quaker Chemical Corporation 
    Rayonier Advanced Materials Inc 
      Rockwood Holdings, Inc 
    
    RPM International Inc 
    Senomyx, Inc 
    Sensient Technologies Corp 
    Sigma-Aldrich Corp 
    Stepan Company 
      The Dow Chemical Company 
    The Sherwin-Williams Company 
    The Valspar Corporation 
    W.R. Grace   Co 
    Westlake Chemical Corp 
    Zep, Inc 

6 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 kraexhibit104.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 

KRATON CORPORATION  NONQUALIFIED OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
  Upon acceptance by you through the online acceptance procedures set forth at www.stockplanconnect.com, this Nonqualified Option Award Agreement (this    Agreement   ) is made effective as of the Grant Date (defined below) between Kraton Corporation (the    Company   , and formerly known as Kraton Performance Polymers, Inc.) and you (the    Participant   ). This Agreement evidences a nonqualified stock option to purchase shares of the common stock, $0.01 par value, of the Company (   Common Stock   ) under the Company s 2016 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan (as amended, the    Plan   ). No part of this option granted hereby is intended to qualify as an  incentive stock option  under Section 422 of the Code. Unless otherwise indicated, any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
  1.  Grant of Options  .  Pursuant to, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Participant a Non-Qualified Option (the    Option   ) with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock set forth on the Participant s online award acceptance page at www.stockplanconnect.com, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
  2.  Grant Date  .  The grant date of the Option (   Grant Date   ) is the date set forth on the Participant s online award acceptance page at www.stockplanconnect.com, which is incorporated by reference herein.  
  3.  Incorporation of Plan  .  All terms, conditions and restrictions of the Plan are incorporated herein and made part hereof as if stated herein. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan, as interpreted by the Committee, shall govern. 
  4.  Exercise Price  .  The exercise price of each share underlying the Option hereby granted is $  _______  . 
  5.  Vesting Date  .  The Option shall become exercisable as follows: (i) one-third (1/3) of the underlying Common Stock shall become exercisable on each of the first three anniversaries of the Grant Date (each anniversary, a    vesting date    or (ii) 100% of the underlying Common Stock shall become exercisable on the date the Participant s employment is terminated due to Disability or death;   provided, however  , that the Participant is continuously employed by the Company or one of its affiliates at all times from the Grant Date until the applicable vesting date, for purposes of clause (i), or the Participant s termination date, for purposes of clause (ii). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if within the one-year period following a Change in Control the Participant s employment is terminated by the Company or its affiliates without Cause, all outstanding Options held by such Participant shall immediately vest and become exercisable as of the effective date of such termination of the Participant s employment subject to the Participant s execution of an effective general release and waiver of all claims against the Company, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors related to the Participant s employment, in a form acceptable to the Company, at the Participant s termination of employment. 
  6.  Expiration Date  .  Subject to the provisions of the Plan, (a) with respect to the Option or any portion thereof that has not become vested and exercisable, the Option shall expire on the date the Participant s employment is terminated for any reason, and (b) with respect to the Option and any portion thereof which has become vested and exercisable, the Option shall expire on the earlier of (i) 90 days after the date of the Participant s termination of employment other than for Cause, Retirement, death, or Disability; (ii) one year after the date of termination of the Participant s employment by reason of death or Disability; (iii) the date the Participant s employment is, or is deemed to have been, terminated for Cause; or (iv) the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date, including for instances in which the Participant s employment is terminated due to Retirement.  
  For purposes of this Agreement,    Disability    has the meaning ascribed to it in the Company s long-term disability plan and    Retirement    means the Participant has elected to take the equivalent of Normal Retirement or Early  
  
   1 

Retirement as set forth in the Company s defined benefit pension plan regardless of whether or not the Participant participates in such plan. 
     Cause    means (i) a material breach by the Participant of any of the Participant s obligations under any written agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates, (ii) a material violation by the Participant of any of the Company s policies, procedures, rules and regulations applicable to employees generally or to employees at your grade level, in each case, as they may be amended from time to time in the Company s sole discretion; (iii) the failure by the Participant to reasonably and substantially perform his or her duties to the Company or its affiliates (other than as a result of physical or mental illness or injury); (iv) the Participant s willful misconduct or gross negligence that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the business, reputation or prospects of the Company or any of its affiliates; (v) the Participant s fraud or misappropriation of funds; or (vi) the commission by the Participant of a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude; provided that if the Participant is a party to an employment agreement with the Company or its affiliate (an    Employment     Agreement   ) at the time of his or her termination of employment and such Employment Agreement contains a different definition of  cause  (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such Employment Agreement will control for purposes of this Agreement.  
  If a Participant is terminated without Cause and, within the twelve (12)-month period subsequent to such termination of employment, the Company determines in good faith that the Participant s employment could have been terminated for Cause, subject to anything to the contrary that may be contained in the Participant s Employment Agreement at the time of his or her termination of employment, the Participant s employment will, at the election of the Company, be deemed to have been terminated for Cause, effective as of the date the events giving rise to Cause occurred. 
  7.  Delays or Omissions  . No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing to any party hereto upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring, nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party or any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. 
  8.  Limitation on Transfer  . During the lifetime of the Participant, the Option shall be exercisable only by the Participant. The Option shall not be assignable or transferable otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may request authorization from the Committee to assign the Participant s rights with respect to the Option granted herein to a trust or custodianship, the beneficiaries of which may include only the Participant, the Participant s spouse or the Participant s lineal descendants (by blood or adoption), and, if the Committee grants such authorization, the Participant may assign the Participant s rights accordingly. In the event of any such assignment, such trust or custodianship shall be subject to all the restrictions, obligations, and responsibilities as apply to the Participant under the Plan and this Agreement and shall be entitled to all the rights of the Participant under the Plan. All shares of Common Stock obtained pursuant to the Option granted herein shall not be transferred except as provided in the Plan. 
  9.  Integration  . This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein and the Plan. This Agreement and the Plan supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
  10.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue  . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the provisions governing conflict of laws, to the maximum extent practicable calls for performance and shall be performable at the offices of the Company in Houston, Harris County, Texas and venue for any dispute arising hereunder shall lie exclusively in the state and/or federal courts of Harris County, Texas and the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, respectively. 
  
   2 

11.  Participant Acknowledgment  . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan via online delivery at www.stockplanconnect.com. The Participant hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee in respect of the Plan, this Agreement and the Option shall be final and conclusive. 
  12.  Mandatory Withholding for Taxes  .  The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall deduct from the cash and/or shares of Common Stock otherwise payable or deliverable upon exercise of the Option an amount of cash and/or number of shares of Common Stock (valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise) that is equal to the amount of all federal, state and local taxes required to be withheld by the Company upon such exercise, as determined by the Committee. 
  13.  No Stockholder Rights  .  The Participant shall not be deemed for any purpose to be, or to have any of the rights of, a stockholder of the Company with respect to any shares of Common Stock as to which this Agreement relates until such shares shall have been issued to Participant by the Company. Furthermore, the existence of this Agreement shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its stockholders to accomplish any corporate act, including, without limitation, the acts referred to in Section 13 of the Plan. 
  14.  Adjustments  .  As provided in Section 15 of the Plan, certain adjustments may be made to the Option upon the occurrence of events or circumstances described in Section 15 of the Plan. 
  15.  Restrictions Imposed by Law  .  Without limiting the generality of Section 16 of the Plan, the Participant agrees that the Participant will not exercise the Option and that the Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock, if counsel to the Company determines that such exercise, or delivery would violate any applicable law or any rule or regulation of any governmental authority or any rule or regulation of, or agreement of the Company with, any securities exchange or association upon which the Common Stock is listed or quoted. The Company shall in no event be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the exercise of the Option or the resulting delivery of shares of Common Stock to comply with any such law, rule, regulation or agreement. 
  16.  Participant Employment  .  Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action of the Company or the Committee with respect hereto, shall confer or be construed to confer on the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any employing Subsidiary to terminate the Participant s employment at any time, with or without cause; subject, however, to the provisions of any employment agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary. 
  [  Intentionally Left Blank  ] 

3 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 kraexhibit311q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Kevin M. Fogarty, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kraton Corporation; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s boards of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   October 27, 2016    
                 By: 
    /s/    Kevin M. Fogarty 
        
    Kevin M. Fogarty 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 kraexhibit312q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Stephen E. Tremblay, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kraton Corporation; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s boards of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   October 27, 2016    
                 By: 
    /s/    Stephen E. Tremblay 
        
    Stephen E. Tremblay 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 kraexhibit321q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 
  TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  (SUBSECTIONS (a) AND (b) OF SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF 
  TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE) 
  Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Kraton Corporation a Delaware corporation (the  Registrant ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 
  The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   ( Form 10-Q ) of the Registrant fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
  Date:   October 27, 2016    
    
                 By: 
    /s/    Kevin M. Fogarty 
        
    Kevin M. Fogarty 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
    /s/    Stephen E. Tremblay 
        
    Stephen E. Tremblay 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Kraton Corporation and will be retained by us and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 kra-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 kra-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 kra-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 kra-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 kra-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 kra-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

