<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1536577_0001144204-16-134380_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3954714</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>254797</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>339160</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>859111</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1449046</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>959996</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>82</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134380.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134380
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Medley LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001536577
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				272437343
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37857
		FILM NUMBER:		161996284

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		375 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3304
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10152
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-759-0777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		375 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3304
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10152

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134380.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451033_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016   

or  

For the transition period from                 
 to                 

Commission File Number: 333-212514   

Medley
LLC   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Delaware  
      27-2437343   
 
       (State or other jurisdiction
        of  
          incorporation or organization)   
       (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

280 Park Avenue, 6 th  Floor
East  

  New York, New York 10017  

  (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip
Code)  

(212) 759-0777  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes   
   x       No       

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  
  x       No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
       
           (Do not check if a smaller
    reporting company)  
       
      Smaller reporting company  
       
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x

As of November 14, 2016, 29,111,059 units of membership interests
of Medley LLC were outstanding. There is no trading market for Medley LLC s units of membership interests. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page   
 
      Part I.  
       
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
       
      Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
     F-1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     F-2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     F-3  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
     F-4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     F-5  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
     F-6  

Item 2. 
       
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     1  

Item 3. 
       
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     28  

Item 4. 
       
      Controls and Procedures  
     30  

Part II.  
       
      OTHER INFORMATION  
     30  

Item 1. 
       
      Legal Proceedings  
     30  

Item 1A. 
       
      Risk Factors  
     31  

Item 2. 
       
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     31  

Item 3. 
       
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     31  

Item 4. 
       
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     31  

Item 5. 
       
      Other Information  
     31  

Item 6. 
       
      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
     31  

Signatures  
     32  

i  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q ( Form 10-Q ) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) that
reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. Forward-looking statements
include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the
use of words such as  outlook,   believes,   expects,   potential,   may, 
 should,   could,   seeks,   approximately,   predicts,   intends, 
 plans,   estimates,   anticipates  or the negative version of these words or other comparable
words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important
factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe
these factors include, but are not limited to, those described  Risk Factors,  in our prospectus dated October 13,
2016, (the  Prospectus ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on October
14, 2016 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act available on the SEC s website at  www.sec.gov , which include,
but are not limited to, the following: 

difficult
                                         market and political conditions may adversely affect our business in many ways, including
                                         by reducing the value or hampering the performance of the investments made by our funds,
                                         each of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
                                         and financial condition;   

we
                                         derive a substantial portion of our revenues from funds managed pursuant to advisory
                                         agreements that may be terminated or fund partnership agreements that permit fund investors
                                         to remove us as the general partner;   

we
                                         may not be able to maintain our current fee structure as a result of industry pressure
                                         from fund investors to reduce fees, which could have an adverse effect on our profit
                                         margins and results of operations;   

a
                                         change of control of us could result in termination of our investment advisory agreements;   

the
                                         historical returns attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of
                                         the future results of our funds or of our future results;   

if
                                         we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate development opportunities, acquisitions
                                         or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully;   

we
                                         depend on third-party distribution sources to market our investment strategies;   

an
                                         investment strategy focused primarily on privately held companies presents certain challenges,
                                         including the lack of available information about these companies;   

our
                                         funds  investments in investee companies may be risky, and our funds could lose
                                         all or part of their investments;   

prepayments
                                         of debt investments by our investee companies could adversely impact our results of operations;   

our
                                         funds  investee companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to,
                                         our funds  investments in such companies;   

subordinated
                                         liens on collateral securing loans that our funds make to their investee companies may
                                         be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens and, if there is
                                         a default, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to repay in full both the
                                         first priority creditors and our funds;   

there
                                         may be circumstances where our funds  debt investments could be subordinated to
                                         claims of other creditors or our funds could be subject to lender liability claims;   

our
                                         funds may not have the resources or ability to make additional investments in our investee
                                         companies;   

economic
                                         recessions or downturns could impair our investee companies and harm our operating results;   

a
                                         covenant breach by our investee companies may harm our operating results;   

the
                                         investment management business is competitive;   

ii  

our
                                         funds operate in a competitive market for lending that has recently intensified, and
                                         competition may limit our funds  ability to originate or acquire desirable loans
                                         and investments and could also affect the yields of these assets and have a material
                                         adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition;   

dependence
                                         on leverage by certain of our funds and by our funds  investee companies subjects
                                         us to volatility and contractions in the debt financing markets and could adversely affect
                                         our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments;   

some
                                         of our funds may invest in companies that are highly leveraged, which may increase the
                                         risk of loss associated with those investments;   

we
                                         generally do not control the business operations of our investee companies and, due to
                                         the illiquid nature of our investments, may not be able to dispose of such investments;   

a
                                         substantial portion of our investments may be recorded at fair value as determined in
                                         good faith by or under the direction of our respective funds  boards of directors
                                         or similar bodies and, as a result, there may be uncertainty regarding the value of our
                                         funds  investments;   

we
                                         may need to pay  clawback  obligations if and when they are triggered under
                                         the governing agreements with respect to certain of our funds and SMAs;   

our
                                         funds may face risks relating to undiversified investments;   

third-party
                                         investors in our private funds may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital
                                         calls when requested, which could adversely affect a fund s operations and performance;   

our
                                         funds may be forced to dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time;   

hedging
                                         strategies may adversely affect the returns on our funds  investments;   

our
                                         business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from investors. If we
                                         were unable to raise such capital, we would be unable to collect management fees or deploy
                                         such capital into investments, which would materially and adversely affect our business,
                                         results of operations and financial condition;   

we
                                         depend on our senior management team, senior investment professionals and other key personnel,
                                         and our ability to retain them and attract additional qualified personnel is critical
                                         to our success and our growth prospects;   

our
                                         failure to appropriately address conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and
                                         adversely affect our business;   

rapid
                                         growth of our business may be difficult to sustain and may place significant demands
                                         on our administrative, operational and financial resources;   

we
                                         may enter into new lines of business and expand into new investment strategies, geographic
                                         markets and business, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties
                                         in our business;   

extensive
                                         regulation affects our activities, increases the cost of doing business and creates the
                                         potential for significant liabilities and penalties that could adversely affect our business
                                         and results of operations;   

failure
                                         to comply with  pay to play  regulations implemented by the SEC and certain
                                         states, and changes to the  pay to play  regulatory regimes, could adversely
                                         affect our business;   

new
                                         or changed laws or regulations governing our funds  operations and changes in the
                                         interpretation thereof could adversely affect our business;   

present
                                         and future business development companies for which we serve as investment adviser are
                                         subject to regulatory complexities that limit the way in which they do business and may
                                         subject them to a higher level of regulatory scrutiny;   

iii  

we
                                         are subject to risks in using custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents;   

a
                                         portion of our revenue and cash flow is variable, which may impact our ability to achieve
                                         steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis;   

we
                                         may be subject to litigation risks and may face liabilities and damage to our professional
                                         reputation as a result;   

employee
                                         misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain investors and
                                         subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm,
                                         and fraud and other deceptive practices or other misconduct at our investee companies
                                         could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm our business;   

our
                                         substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability
                                         to pay our debts or raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate
                                         our business and our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and could
                                         divert our cash flow from operations for debt payments;   

our
                                         Senior Secured Credit Facilities impose significant operating and financial restrictions
                                         on us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities;   

operational
                                         risks may disrupt our business, result in losses or limit our growth;   

we
                                         are an emerging growth company and intend to take advantage of exemptions from various
                                         reporting requirements;   

our
                                         internal controls over financial reporting may not meet all of the standards contemplated
                                         by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and failure to achieve and maintain effective
                                         internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
                                         Act could have a material adverse effect on our business;   

our
                                         tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for U.S. federal and state income
                                         tax purposes. If the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) were to treat us as
                                         a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which would subject us to entity-level
                                         taxation, or if we were subjected to a material amount of additional entity-level taxation
                                         by individual states, then our cash available for payments on the notes and our other
                                         debt obligations could be substantially reduced;   

recent
                                         legislation could subject us to federal income tax liability.   

These factors should
not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this
Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly
update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except
as required by law.  

Medley LLC was formed
on October 27, 2010 and is the operating company of Medley Management Inc., a public company traded under the symbol  MDLY. 
Medley Management Inc. is the sole managing member of Medley LLC. Medley Management Inc. was incorporated on June 13, 2014, and
commenced operations on September 29, 2014 upon completion of its initial offering ( IPO ) of its Class A common stock.
Medley Management Inc. s sole operating asset is its investment in Medley LLC. Medley Management Inc. is controlled by the
pre-IPO owners. 

Unless the context
suggests otherwise, references herein to the  Company,   Medley,   we,   us  and
 our  refer to Medley LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

The  pre-IPO
owners  refers to the senior professionals who were the owners of Medley LLC immediately prior to the consummation of Medley
Management Inc. s IPO and subsequent purchase of 6,000,000 newly issued limited liability company units (the  LLC
Units ) from Medley LLC, which correspondingly diluted the ownership interests of the pre-IPO owners in Medley LLC and resulted
in Medley Management Inc. s holding a number of LLC Units in Medley LLC equal to the number of shares of Class A common
stock it issued in its IPO. 

iv  

Unless the context
suggests otherwise, references herein to: 

AUM 
                                         refers to the assets of our funds, which represents the sum of the NAV of such funds,
                                         the drawn and undrawn debt (at the fund level, including amounts subject to restrictions)
                                         and uncalled committed capital (including commitments to funds that have yet to commence
                                         their investment periods);   

base
                                         management fees  refers to fees we earn for advisory services provided to our funds,
                                         which are generally based on a defined percentage of fee earning AUM or, in certain cases,
                                         a percentage of originated assets in the case of certain of our SMAs;   

BDC 
                                         refers to business development company;   

fee
                                         earning AUM  refers to the assets under management on which we directly earn base
                                         management fees;   

hurdle
                                         rates  refers to the rates above which we earn performance fees, as defined in
                                         the long-dated private funds  and SMAs  applicable investment management
                                         or partnership agreements.   

investee
                                         company  refers to a company to which one of our funds lends money or in which
                                         one of our funds otherwise makes an investment;   

long-dated
                                         private funds  refers to MOF II, MOF III and any other private funds we may manage
                                         in the future;   

management
                                         fees  refers to base management fees and Part I incentive fees;   

Medley
                                         LLC  refers to Medley LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries;   

MCOF 
                                         refers to Medley Credit Opportunity Fund LP;   

MOF
                                         II  refers to Medley Opportunity Fund II LP;   

MOF
                                         III  refers to Medley Opportunity Fund III LP;   

our
                                         funds  refers to the funds, alternative asset companies and other entities and
                                         accounts that are managed or co-managed by us and our affiliates;   

our
                                         investors  refers to the investors in our permanent capital vehicles, our private
                                         funds and our SMAs;   

Part
                                         I incentive fees  refers to fees that we receive from our permanent capital vehicles,
                                         which are paid in cash quarterly and are driven primarily by net interest income on senior
                                         secured loans subject to hurdle rates. With respect to periods subsequent to January
                                         1, 2016, as it relates to Medley Capital Corporation (NYSE: MCC) ( MCC ),
                                         these fees are subject to netting against realized and unrealized losses;   

Part
                                         II incentive fees  refers to fees related to realized capital gains in our permanent
                                         capital vehicles;   

performance
                                         fees  refers to incentive allocations in our long-dated private funds and incentive
                                         fees from our SMAs, which are typically 15% or 20% of the total return after a hurdle
                                         rate, accrued quarterly, but paid after the return of all invested capital and in an
                                         amount sufficient to achieve the hurdle rate;   

permanent
                                         capital  refers to capital of funds that do not have redemption provisions or a
                                         requirement to return capital to investors upon exiting the investments made with such
                                         capital, except as required by applicable law, which funds currently consist of MCC and
                                         Sierra Income Corporation ( SIC ). Such funds may be required, or elect,
                                         to return all or a portion of capital gains and investment income. In certain circumstances,
                                         the investment adviser of such a fund may be removed; and   

SMA 
                                         refers to a separately managed account;   

STRF 
                                         refers to Sierra Total Return Fund.   

v  

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Financial Statements  

Medley LLC  

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 (Amounts in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

Medley LLC  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations (unaudited)  

 (Amounts in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

Medley LLC  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income (unaudited)  

 (Amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

Medley LLC  

Condensed  C onsolidated Statement
of Changes in Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests (unaudited)  

 (Amounts in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

Medley LLC  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows (unaudited)  
(Amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

1.    ORGANIZATION
                                         AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

Medley LLC is an asset
management firm offering yield solutions to retail and institutional investors. Medley LLC s national direct origination
franchise provides capital to the middle market in the U.S. Medley LLC, provides investment management services to permanent capital
vehicles, long-dated private funds and separately managed accounts and serves as the general partner to the private funds, which
are generally organized as pass-through entities. Medley LLC is headquartered in New York City and has an office in San Francisco. 

The Company s
business is currently comprised of only one reportable segment, the investment management segment, and substantially all Company
operations are conducted through this segment. The investment management segment provides investment management services to permanent
capital vehicles, long-dated private funds and separately managed accounts. The Company conducts its investment management business
in the U.S., where substantially all its revenues are generated. 

Medley LLC was formed
on October 27, 2010 and is the operating company of Medley Management Inc., a public company traded under the symbol  MDLY. 
Medley Management Inc. is the sole managing member of Medley LLC. Medley Management Inc. was incorporated on June 13, 2014 and
commenced operations on September 29, 2014 upon completion of its initial offering ( IPO ) of its Class A common stock.
Medley Management Inc. s sole operating asset is its investment in Medley LLC. 

Registered Public Offering of Medley
LLC Notes   

On August 9, 2016,
the Company completed a registered offering of $25 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% notes due 2026 at a public
offering price of 100% of the principal amount. The notes mature on August 15, 2026, with interest payable quarterly. The notes
will be redeemable in whole or in part at Medley s option on or after August 15, 2019, at the redemption price of 100% of
aggregate principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering to repay
a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Company s Term Loan Facility. The notes are listed on the New York Stock
Exchange under the trading symbol  MDLX.  

Medley LLC Reorganization   

In connection with
the IPO of Medley Management Inc. on September 29, 2014, Medley LLC amended and restated its limited liability agreement to modify
its capital structure by reclassifying the 23,333,333 interests held by the pre-IPO members into a single new class of units ( LLC
Units ). The pre-IPO members also entered into an exchange agreement under which they (or certain permitted transferees
thereof) have the right, subject to the terms of an exchange agreement, to exchange their LLC Units for shares of Medley Management
Inc. s Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock
dividends and reclassifications. In addition, pursuant to the amended and restated limited liability agreement, Medley Management
Inc. became the sole managing member of Medley LLC.  

The pre-IPO owners,
are, subject to limited exceptions, prohibited from transferring any LLC Units held by them or any shares of Class A common stock
received upon exchange of such LLC Units, until the third anniversary of the date of the closing of the IPO of Medley Management
Inc. without the consent of the managing member. Thereafter and prior to the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the closing of
the IPO of Medley Management Inc., such holders may not transfer more than 33 1/3% and 66 2/3%, respectively, of the number of
LLC Units held by them, together with the number of any shares of Class A common stock received by them upon exchange therefor,
without the consent of the managing member. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles ( GAAP ) and include the accounts of Medley LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively,
 Medley  or the  Company ). Additionally, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements
of the Company and related financial information have been prepared pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and
Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain disclosures accompanying annual financial statements prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP may be omitted. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial results included herein
contain all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring accruals, considered necessary for the fair presentation of financial
statements for the interim periods included herein. Therefore, this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Company s
prospectus dated August 4, 2016, filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act on August 5, 2016. The current period s
results of operations will not necessarily be indicative of results that ultimately may be achieved for the full year ending December
31, 2016. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

2.    SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Principles of Consolidation   

In accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810,  Consolidation , the Company consolidates those entities where
it has a direct and indirect controlling financial interest based on either a variable interest model or voting interest model.
As such, the Company consolidates entities that the Company concludes are variable interest entities ( VIEs ), for
which the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary and entities in which it holds a majority voting interest or has majority
ownership and control over the operational, financial and investing decisions of that entity. 

In February 2015,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810)   Amendments
to the Consolidation Analysis,  which changes the consolidation analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine
whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The Company elected to adopt this new guidance using the
modified retrospective method effective January 1, 2015. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2015-02, the Company determined that
it is no longer the primary beneficiary of certain funds it manages. Therefore, the Company deconsolidated certain funds that
had been consolidated under previous guidance effective January 1, 2015. Restatement of periods
prior to January 1, 2015 was not required.  

For legal entities
evaluated for consolidation, the Company must determine whether the interests that it holds and fees paid to it qualify as a variable
interest in an entity. This includes an evaluation of the management fees and performance fees paid to the Company when acting
as a decision maker or service provider to the entity being evaluated. Under the new guidance, if (a) fees received by the Company
are customary and commensurate with the level of services provided, and (b) the Company does not hold other economic interests
in the entity that would absorb more than an insignificant amount of the expected losses or returns of the entity, the interest
that the Company holds would not be considered a variable interest. The Company factors in all economic interests including proportionate
interests through related parties, to determine if fees are considered a variable interest. Prior to the adoption of the new consolidation
guidance, these fees were considered variable interests by the Company. 

An entity in which
the Company holds a variable interest is a VIE if any one of the following conditions exist: (a) the total equity investment at
risk is not sufficient to permit the legal entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support,
(b) the holders of equity investment at risk have the right to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact
the legal entity s economic performance, (c) the voting rights of some investors are disproportionate to their obligation
to absorb losses or rights to receive returns from a legal entity. Under the new guidance, for limited partnerships and other
similar entities, non-controlling investors must have substantive rights to either dissolve the fund or remove the general partner
( kick-out rights ) in order to not qualify as a VIE. 

For those entities
that qualify as a VIE, the primary beneficiary is generally defined as the party who has a controlling financial interest in the
VIE. The Company is generally deemed to have a controlling financial interest if it has (a) the power to direct the activities
of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and (b) the obligation to absorb losses or receive
benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company determines whether it is the primary beneficiary
of a VIE at the time it becomes initially involved with the VIE and reconsiders that conclusion continuously. The primary beneficiary
evaluation is generally performed qualitatively on the basis of all facts and circumstances. However, quantitative information
may also be considered in the analysis, as appropriate. These assessments require judgments. Each entity is assessed for consolidation
on a case-by-case basis.  

For those entities
evaluated under the voting interest model, the Company consolidates the entity if it has a controlling financial interest. The
Company has a controlling financial interest in a voting interest entity ( VOE ) if it owns a majority voting interest
in the entity. Prior to the new guidance, the Company consolidated VOE s where it was the general partner and as such, was
presumed to have control. 

Consolidated Variable Interest Entities   

As of September 30,
2016, Medley LLC has three majority owned subsidiaries, SIC Advisors LLC, Medley Seed Funding I LLC and STRF Advisors LLC, all
of which are consolidated VIEs. Each of these entities was organized as a limited liability company and was legally formed to
manage a designated fund and to isolate business risk. As of September 30, 2016, total assets and total liabilities, after eliminating
entries, of these VIEs reflected in the consolidated balance sheets were an aggregate of $41.2 million and $24.8 million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2015, Medley had only one majority owned subsidiary, SIC Advisors LLC, which was a consolidated VIE. As of
December 31, 2015, total assets and total liabilities, after eliminating entries, of this VIE reflected in the consolidated balance
sheets were $31.1 million and $21.2 million, respectively. Except to the extent of the assets of these VIEs that are consolidated,
the holders of the consolidated VIEs  liabilities generally do not have recourse to the Company. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Seed Investments   

The Company accounts
for seed investments through the application of the voting interest model under ASC 810-10-25-1 through 25-14 and consolidates
a seed investment when the investment advisor holds a controlling interest, which is, in general, 50% or more of the equity in
such investment. For seed investments for which the Company does not hold a controlling interest, the Company accounts for such
seed investment under the equity method of accounting, at its ownership percentage of such seed investment s net asset value. 

Deconsolidated Funds   

Prior to January 1,
2015, the Company had consolidated Medley Opportunity Fund II LP ( MOF II ) in its consolidated financial statements
in accordance with ASC 810-20 as the Company was the general partner and the limited partners lacked kick out rights or participating
rights. Under the guidance of ASU 2015-02, which the Company adopted effective as of January 1, 2015, the Company reconsidered
the consolidation conclusion for MOF II and, as a result of the new guidance, determined that, although MOF II continues to be
a VIE, the Company is no longer considered to be the primary beneficiary. Therefore, the Company deconsolidated MOF II at January
1, 2015 and records its investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting.  See Note 3,  Investments.   

Non-Consolidated Variable Interest Entities   

The Company holds
interests in certain VIEs that are not consolidated because the Company is not deemed the primary beneficiary. The Company's interest
in these entities is in the form of insignificant equity interests and fee arrangements. The maximum exposure to loss represents
the potential loss of assets by the Company relating to these non-consolidated entities. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company recorded investments, at fair value, attributed to these non-consolidated VIEs of $5.4 million, receivables
of $1.8 million included as a component of other assets and a clawback obligation of $7.1 million included as a component of accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The clawback obligation assumes
a hypothetical liquidation of a fund s investments, at their then current fair values and a portion of tax distributions
relating to performance fees which would need to be returned. As of December 31, 2015, the Company recorded investments, at fair
value of $5.9 million, receivables of $0.9 million included as a component of other assets and a clawback obligation of $7.1 million
included as a component of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance
sheets. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s maximum exposure to losses from these entities is $7.2 million. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Management s estimates are based on historical
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances.
These assumptions and estimates also require management to exercise judgment in the process of applying the Company s accounting
policies. Significant estimates and assumptions by management affect the carrying value of investments, performance compensation
payable and certain accrued liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates, and such differences could be material.

Indemnification   

In the normal course
of business, the Company enters into contractual agreements that provide general indemnifications against losses, costs, claims
and liabilities arising from the performance of individual obligations under such agreements. The Company has not experienced
any prior claims or payments pursuant to such agreements. The Company s individual maximum exposure under these arrangements
is unknown, as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Company that have not yet occurred. However, based
on management s experience, the Company expects the risk of loss to be remote. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated
Subsidiaries   

Non-controlling interests
in consolidated subsidiaries represent the component of equity in such consolidated entities held by third-parties. These interests
are adjusted for contributions to and distributions from Medley entities and are allocated income from Medley entities based on
their ownership percentages. 

Redeemable non-controlling
interests represents interests of certain third parties that are not mandatorily redeemable but redeemable for cash or other assets
at a fixed or determinable price or a fixed or determinable date, at the option of the holder or upon the occurrence of an event
that is not solely within the control of the issuer. These interests are classified in temporary equity. 

Investments   

Investments include
equity method investments that are not consolidated but over which the Company exerts significant influence. The Company measures
the carrying value of its public non-traded equity method investment at NAV per share. The Company measures the carrying value
of its privately-held equity method investments by recording its share of the underlying income or loss of these entities. 

Unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) resulting from changes in fair value of the equity method investments is reflected as a component of other income
(expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company evaluates its equity method investments for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such investments may not be recoverable. 

The carrying amounts
of equity method investments are reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition. As the underlying
entities that the Company manages and invests in are, for U.S. GAAP purposes, primarily investment companies which reflect their
investments at estimated fair value, the carrying value of the Company s equity method investments in such entities approximates
fair value. The Company evaluates its equity-method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amounts of such investments may not be recoverable. 

Investments also include
available-for-sale securities which consist of investments in publicly traded common stock. The Company measures the carrying
value of its publicly traded investments in available-for-sale securities at the unadjusted closing price as of the valuation
date on the primary market or exchange on which they trade. Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) resulting from changes in fair
value of available-for-sale securities is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and redeemable non-controlling interests.
The cost of investments in available-for-sale securities is determined on a specific identification basis. Realized gains (losses)
and declines in value judged to be other than temporary, if any, are reported in other income (expenses), net. The Company evaluates
its investments in available-for-sale securities for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amounts of such investments may not be recoverable. 

Debt Issuance Costs   

Debt issuance costs
represent direct costs incurred in conjunction with the establishment of credit facilities and debt refinancing. Debt issuance
costs, and the related amortization expense, are adjusted when any prepayments of principal are made to the related outstanding
debt. These costs are amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the term of the related debt. 

Revenues   

Management Fees  

Medley provides investment
management services to both public and private investment vehicles. Management fees include base management fees, other management
fees, and Part I incentive fees, as described below. 

Base management fees
are calculated based on either (i) the average or ending gross assets balance for the relevant period, (ii) limited partners 
capital commitments to the funds, (iii) invested capital, (iv) NAV or (v) lower of cost or market value of a fund s portfolio
investments. For the private funds, Medley receives base management fees during a specified period of time, which is generally
ten years from the initial closing date. However, such termination date may be earlier in certain limited circumstances or later
if extended for successive one-year periods, typically up to a maximum of two years. Depending upon the contracted terms of the
investment management agreement, management fees are paid either quarterly in advance or quarterly in arrears, and are recognized
as earned over the period the services are provided.  

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Certain management
agreements provide for Medley to receive other management fee revenue derived from up front origination fees paid by the portfolio
companies of the funds, as well as separately managed accounts. These fees are recognized when Medley becomes entitled to such
fees. 

Certain management
agreements also provide for Medley to receive Part I incentive fee revenue derived from net interest income (excluding gains and
losses) above a hurdle rate. Effective January 1, 2016, as it relates to Medley Capital Corporation ( MCC ), these
fees are subject to netting against realized and unrealized losses. Part I incentive fees are paid quarterly and are recognized
as earned over the period the services are provided. 

Performance Fees  

Performance fees consist
principally of the allocation of profits from certain funds and separately managed accounts, to which Medley provides management
services. Medley is generally entitled to an allocation of income as a performance fee after returning the invested capital plus
a specified preferred return as set forth in each respective agreement. Medley recognizes revenues attributable to performance
fees based upon the amount that would be due pursuant to the respective agreement at each period end as if the funds were terminated
at that date. Accordingly, the amount recognized reflects Medley s share of the gains and losses of the associated funds 
underlying investments measured at their current fair values. Performance fee revenue may include reversals of previously recognized
performance fees due to a decrease in the net income of a particular fund that results in a decrease of cumulative performance
fees earned to date. Since fund return hurdles are cumulative, previously recognized performance fees also may be reversed in
a period of appreciation that is lower than the particular fund s hurdle rate. For the three months ended September 30,
2016, there was no reversal of previously recognized performance fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
reversed $0.4 million of previously recognized performance fees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
reversed $14.7 million and $18.7 million, respectively, of previously recognized performance fees. As of September 30, 2016, the
Company recognized cumulative performance fees of $6.3 million. 

Performance fees received
in prior periods may be required to be returned by Medley in future periods if the funds  investment performance declines
below certain levels. Each fund is considered separately in this regard and, for a given fund, performance fees can never be negative
over the life of a fund. If upon a hypothetical liquidation of a fund s investments, at their then current fair values,
previously recognized and distributed performance fees would be required to be returned, a liability is established for the potential
clawback obligation. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not received any performance fee distributions, except for tax
distributions related to the Company s allocation of net income, which included an allocation of performance fees. Pursuant
to the organizational documents of each respective fund, a portion of these tax distributions is subject to clawback. As of September
30, 2016, the Company had accrued $7.1 million for clawback obligations that would need to be paid if the funds were liquidated
at fair value as of the end of the reporting period. The Company s actual obligation, however, would not become payable
or realized until the end of a fund s life. 

Other Revenues and Fees  

Medley provides administrative
services to certain affiliated funds and is reimbursed for direct and allocated expenses incurred in providing such administrative
services, as set forth in the respective agreement. These fees are recognized as revenue in the period administrative services
are rendered. 

Performance Fee Compensation   

Medley has issued
profit interests in certain subsidiaries to select employees. These profit-sharing arrangements are accounted for under ASC 710,
 Compensation   General,  which requires compensation expense to be measured at fair value at the grant date
and expensed over the vesting period, which is usually the period over which the service is provided. The fair value of the profit
interests are re-measured at each balance sheet date and adjusted for changes in estimates of cash flows and vesting percentages.
The impact of such changes is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations as an increase or decrease to performance
fee compensation.  

Income Taxes   

The Company is treated
as a partnership for income tax purposes and is therefore not subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income taxes.
The Company is subject to New York City unincorporated business tax attributable to the Company s operations apportioned
to New York City. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

The Company accounts
for income taxes using the asset and liability approach, which required the recognition of tax benefits or expenses for temporary
differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established when
necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. The Company also recognizes a tax benefit from
uncertain tax positions only if it is  more likely than not  that the position is sustainable based on its technical
merits. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions and other tax matters as
a component of income tax expense. For interim periods, the Company accounts for income taxes based on its estimate of the effective
tax rate for the year. Discrete items and changes in its estimate of the annual effective tax rate are recorded in the period
they occur. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (Topic 606) , which provides that an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for such goods or services. To achieve this core principle, an entity should apply
the following steps: (1) identify the contracts with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contracts, (3)
determine the transaction prices, (4) allocate the transaction prices to the performance obligations in the contracts, and (5)
recognize revenue when, or as, the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The guidance also requires advanced disclosures
regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity s contracts with customers.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , which clarified the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations.
In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing , which clarified the implementation guidance regarding performance obligations and licensing arrangements. The
new standard will become effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, with early application permitted to the effective date
of January 1, 2017. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on
its ongoing financial reporting.    

In January 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities , which requires that all equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting)
be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. This guidance eliminates the available-for-sale
classification for equity securities with readily determinable fair values. However, companies may elect to measure equity investments
that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable
price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. This guidance is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on its
consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . This guidance requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising
from a lease for both financing and operating leases, along with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) . This guidance intends to reduce the diversity in practice
of how certain cash receipts and cash payments are classified on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting
this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

The Company does not
believe any other recently issued, but not yet effective, revisions to authoritative guidance will have a material effect on its
consolidated balance sheets, results of operations or cash flows. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

3.    INVESTMENTS  

The components of
investments are as follows: 

Equity Method Investments   

Medley measures the
carrying value of its public non-traded equity method investments at NAV per share. Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) resulting
from changes in NAV per share of the equity method investments is reflected as a component of other income (expense) in the consolidated
statements of operations. The carrying value of the Company s privately-held equity method investments is determined based
on the amounts invested by the Company, adjusted for the equity in earnings or losses of the investee allocated based on the respective
underlying agreements, less distributions received. 

The Company evaluates
its equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of
such investments may not be recoverable. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company assessed that the liquidation
value of its investment in CK Pearl Fund was below its carrying value and, that such decline led to an other than temporary impairment.
As a result, the Company recorded a $0.5 million loss on its investment in CK Pearl Fund which is included as a component of other
income (expenses), net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. There were no impairment losses recorded during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 or during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s carrying value of its equity method investments was $15.2 million and $16.4 million,
respectively. Included in this balance was $9.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 from the Company s
investment in publicly-held Sierra Income Corporation ( SIC ). The remaining balance as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 relates primarily to the Company s investments in CK Pearl Fund, MOF II and Medley Opportunity Fund III
LP ( MOF III ). 

Available-For-Sale Securities   

As of September
30, 2016, the Company s carrying value of its available-for-sale securities was $9.1 million and consisted of 1,194,547
shares of publicly traded common stock. The Company measures the carrying value of its publicly traded investments in
available-for-sale securities at the unadjusted closing price as of the valuation date on the primary market or exchange on
which they trade. As of September 30, 2016, the Company recorded less than $0.1 million of cumulative unrealized gains in
accumulated other comprehensive income and $0.2 million of cumulative unrealized gains in redeemable non-controlling
interests. There were no impairment charges recorded related to the Company s investments in available-for-sale
securities during three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

4.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company follows
ASC 820 for measuring the fair value of investments in available-for-sale securities. Fair value is the price that would be received
from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters, or derived from such prices or parameters.
Where observable prices or inputs are not available, valuation models are applied. These valuation models involve some level of
management estimation and judgement, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the instruments or market
and the instruments  complexity. Financial instruments recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements are
categorized for disclosure purposes based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs to the valuation of the investment
as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Level
                                         I   Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
                                         liabilities at the measurement date.   

Level
                                         II   Valuations based on inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included
                                         in Level I, which are either directly or indirectly observable at the measurement date.
                                         This category includes quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in non-active
                                         markets including bids from third parties for privately held assets or liabilities, and
                                         observable inputs other than quoted prices such as yield curves and forward currency
                                         rates that are entered directly into valuation models to determine the value of derivatives
                                         or other assets or liabilities.   

Level
                                         III   Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and where there is little,
                                         if any, market activity at the measurement date. The inputs for the determination of
                                         fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation and is based upon
                                         management s assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in
                                         pricing the assets and liabilities. These investments include debt and equity investments
                                         in private companies or assets valued using the market or income approach and may involve
                                         pricing models whose inputs require significant judgment or estimation because of the
                                         absence of any meaningful current market data for identical or similar investments. The
                                         inputs in these valuations may include, but are not limited to, capitalization and discount
                                         rates, beta and EBITDA multiples. The information may also include pricing information
                                         or broker quotes that include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such
                                         a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and-or
                                         quotes accompanied by disclaimer would result in classification as Level III information,
                                         assuming no additional corroborating evidence.   

When determining the
fair value of publicly traded equity securities, the Company uses the unadjusted closing price as of the valuation date on the
primary market or exchange on which they trade. The Company s investments in available-for-sale securities are categorized
as Level I. As of September 30, 2016, there were no financial instruments classified as Level II or Level III. 

A review of fair value
hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a
reclassification for certain financials assets or liabilities. Reclassifications impacting all levels of the fair value hierarchy
are reported as transfers in or out of Level I, II or III category as of the beginning of the quarter in the reclassifications
occur. There were no transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

5.    OTHER ASSETS  

The components of
other assets are as follows: 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

6.    LOANS PAYABLE  

The Company s loans payable consist
of the following: 

Credit Suisse Term Loan Facility   

On August 14, 2014,
the Company entered into a $110.0 million senior secured term loan credit facility (as amended,  Term Loan Facility )
with Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder, Credit Suisse Securities
(USA) LLC, as bookrunner and lead arranger, and the lenders from time-to-time party thereto, which will mature on June 15, 2019. 

On May 3, 2016, the
Term Loan Facility was amended to permit the issuance of additional indebtedness by the Company with proceeds of such indebtedness
to be used to prepay loans outstanding under the Term Loan Facility. The amendment also provided for the creation and funding
of certain future funds, as well as for certain other technical changes to the Term Loan Facility. 

Borrowings under the
Term Loan Facility, bear interest, at the borrower s option, at a rate equal to either a Eurodollar margin over an adjusted
LIBOR (with a  floor  of 1.0%) or a base rate margin over an adjusted base rate determined by reference to the highest
of (i) the term loan administrative agent s prime rate; (ii) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day plus
0.5%; and (iii) an adjusted LIBOR plus 1.0%. The applicable margins for the Term Loan Facility are 5.5%, in the case of Eurodollar
loans and 4.5%, in the case of adjusted base rate loans. Outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bore interest at
a rate of 6.5% as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. In addition, the Term Loan Facility also provides the borrower
with the option to raise incremental credit facilities (including an uncommitted incremental facility that provides the borrower
the option to increase the amount available under the Term Loan Credit Facility by an aggregate of up to $15.0 million, subject
to additional increases, provided that the net leverage ratio as of the last day of any four-fiscal quarter period, commencing
with the four-fiscal quarter period ending December 31, 2014, shall not exceed 2.0 to 1.0). Borrowings are collateralized by substantially
all of the equity interests in Medley LLC s wholly owned subsidiaries. 

The Term Loan Facility
requires principal repayments in quarterly installments equal to $1.4 million (which amount may be adjusted as a result of prepayment
or incremental term loans drawn), with the remaining amount payable at maturity. The Company can also make voluntary repayments,
without penalty, at any time prior to August 14, 2016, not to exceed $33.0 million in the aggregate. As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, outstanding borrowings under this facility were $69.8 million and $92.5 million, respectively, which is
reflected net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $1.7 million and $2.5 million, respectively. Debt issuance costs
and the discount under the term loans are being accreted, using the effective interest method, over the term of the notes. Total
interest expense under this Term Loan Facility, including accretion of the note discount and amortization of debt issuance costs,
was $1.8 million and $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $5.3 million for each
of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The fair value of the outstanding balance of Term Loan Facility
approximated its par value as of September 30, 2016. 

In August 2016, the
Company voluntarily prepaid $23.5 million of outstanding term loans under this facility using the net proceeds from the offering
of Senior Unsecured Debt (described in Note 7). The $23.5 million prepayment was applied against the remaining quarterly installments
and a portion of the Term Loan Facility payable at maturity. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

The Term Loan Facility
also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a Maximum Net Leverage Ratio of not greater than 3.5
to 1.0, with which the Company is compliant. This ratio is calculated on a trailing twelve months basis and is the ratio of Total
Net Debt, as defined, to Core EBITDA, as defined, and is calculated using the Company s financial results and includes the
adjustments made to calculate Core EBITDA. Non-compliance with any of the financial or non-financial covenants without cure or
waiver would constitute an event of default under the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility also contains other customary
events of default, including defaults based on events of bankruptcy and insolvency, dissolution, nonpayment of principal, interest
or fees when due, breach of specified covenants, change in control and material inaccuracy of representations and warranties.
There were no events of default under the Term Loan Facility as of September 30, 2016.  

CNB Credit Agreement   

On August 19, 2014,
the Company entered into a $15.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with City National Bank (as amended, the  Revolving
Credit Facility ). On May 3, 2016, the Revolving Credit Facility was amended to permit issuance of additional indebtedness
by the Company. The amendment also provided for the creation and funding of certain future funds, as well as for certain other
technical changes to the Revolving Credit Facility. The Company intends to use any proceeds from borrowings under the Revolving
Credit Facility for general corporate purposes, including funding of its working capital needs. Borrowings under the Revolving
Credit Facility bear interest at the option of the Company, either (i) at an Alternate Base Rate, as defined, plus an applicable
margin not to exceed 3.25% or (ii) at an Adjusted LIBOR plus an applicable margin not to exceed 4.0%. As of and during the periods
ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no amounts drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

The Revolving Credit
Facility also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a Maximum Net Leverage Ratio of not greater
than 3.5 to 1.0, with which the Company is compliant. This ratio is calculated on a trailing twelve months basis and is the ratio
of Total Net Debt, as defined, to Core EBITDA, as defined, and is calculated using the Company s financial results and includes
the adjustments made to calculate Core EBITDA. Non-compliance with any of the financial or non-financial covenants without cure
or waiver would constitute an event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility also contains
other customary events of default, including defaults based on events of bankruptcy and insolvency, dissolution, nonpayment of
principal, interest or fees when due, breach of specified covenants, change in control and material inaccuracy of representations
and warranties. There were no events of default under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016.  

Non-Recourse Promissory Notes    

In April 2012, the
Company borrowed $10.0 million under two non-recourse promissory notes. Proceeds from the borrowings were used to purchase 1,108,033
shares of common stock of SIC, which were pledged as collateral for the obligations. Interest on the notes is paid monthly and
is equal to the dividends received by the Company related to the pledged shares. The Company may prepay the notes in whole or
in part at any time without penalty and the lenders may call the notes if certain conditions are met. The notes are scheduled
to mature in March 2019. The proceeds from the notes were recorded net of issuance costs of $3.8 million and are being accreted,
using the effective interest method, over the term of the non-recourse promissory notes. Total interest expense under these non-recourse
promissory notes, including accretion of the note discount, was $0.4 million for each of the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 and $1.1 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The fair value of the outstanding
balance of the notes was $10.2 million and $10.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

In March 2014, the
Company issued a promissory note in the amount of $2.5 million to a former Medley member in connection with the purchase of his
membership interests. The promissory note carries no interest, has quarterly amortization payments of $0.3 million, and matured
in March 2016. As of December 31, 2015, the balance under this note was $0.3 million. 

Contractual Maturities of Loans
Payable   

As of September 30,
2016, $81.5 million of future principal payments will be due, relating to the loans payable, during the year ended December 31,
2019. There are no other future principal payments due under the loans payable. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

7.    SENIOR UNSECURED DEBT  

On August 9, 2016,
Medley LLC completed a registered public offering of $25.0 million of an aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior notes due
2026 (the  Senior Unsecured Debt ) at a public offering price of 100% of the principal amount. The notes mature on
August 15, 2026 and interest is payable quarterly commencing on November 15, 2016. The Senior Unsecured Debt is subject to redemption
in whole or in part at any time or from time to time, at the option of the Company, on or after August 15, 2019 at a redemption
price per security equal to 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest payments. The Senior
Unsecured Debt is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades thereon under the trading symbol  MDLX.  As of
September 30, 2016, the outstanding debt under the Senior Unsecured Debt was $23.4 million, which is reflected net of debt issuance
costs of $1.6 million. Debt issuance costs under the Senior Unsecured Debt are being accreted, using the effective interest method,
over the term of the Senior Unsecured Debt. Total interest expense under the Senior Unsecured Debt, including amortization of
debt issuance costs, was $0.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net proceeds from the issuance of
the Senior Unsecured Debt were used to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility. The fair
value of the outstanding balance of Senior Unsecured Debt was $24.6 million as of September 30, 2016. 

8.    ACCOUNTS PAYABLE, ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES  

The components of
accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities are as follows: 

9.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Operating Leases  

Medley leases office
space in New York City and San Francisco under non-cancelable lease agreements that expire at various times through September
2023. Rent expense was $0.6 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $1.9 million for each of
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Future minimum rental
payments under non-cancelable leases are as follows as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Capital Commitments to Funds  

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had aggregate unfunded commitments of $0.6 million and $0.3 million, respectively, to
certain long-dated private funds. 

Other Commitments  

In April 2012, the
Company entered into an obligation to pay a fixed percentage of management and incentive fees received by the Company from SIC.
The agreement was entered into contemporaneously with the $10 million non-recourse promissory notes that were issued to the same
parties (Note 6). The two transactions were deemed to be related freestanding contracts and the $10 million of loan proceeds were
allocated to the contracts using their relative fair values. At inception, the Company recognized an obligation of $4.4 million
representing the present value of the future cash flows expected to be paid under this agreement. As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, this obligation amounted to $7.2 million and $6.8 million, respectively, and is recorded as revenue share payable,
a component of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The change in the
estimated cash flows for this obligation is recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Legal Proceedings   

MCC Advisors LLC was
named as a defendant in a lawsuit on May 29, 2015, by Moshe Barkat and Modern VideoFilm Holdings, LLC ( MVF Holdings )
against MCC, MOF II, MCC Advisors LLC, Deloitte Transactions and Business Analytics LLP A/K/A Deloitte ERG ( Deloitte ),
Scott Avila ( Avila ), Charles Sweet, and Modern VideoFilm, Inc. ( MVF ). The lawsuit is pending in the
California Superior Court, Los Angeles County, Central District, as Case No. BC 583437. The lawsuit was filed after MCC, as agent
for the lender group, exercised remedies following a series of defaults by MVF and MVF Holdings on a secured loan with an outstanding
balance at the time in excess of $65 million. The lawsuit sought damages in excess of $100 million. Deloitte and Avila have settled
the claims against them in exchange for payment of $1.5 million. Following a separate lawsuit by Mr. Barkat against MVF s
D O insurance carrier, the carrier, Charles Sweet and MVF have settled the claims against them. On June 6, 2016, the court
granted the defendants  demurrers on several counts and dismissed Mr. Barkat s claims except with respect to his claim
for intentional interference with contract. MCC and the other defendants continue to dispute the remaining allegations and are
vigorously defending the lawsuit while pursuing affirmative counterclaims against Mr. Barkat and MVF Holdings. On August 29, 2016,
MVF Holdings filed another lawsuit in the California Superior Court, Los Angeles County, Central District, as Case No. BC 631888
(the  Derivative Action ), naming Medley as a defendant, among others. In the Derivative Action, MVF Holdings reasserts
substantially the same claims that were previously asserted in each of their three prior complaints. MVF Holdings claims for breach
of fiduciary duty and related causes of action have already been dismissed by the California Superior Court on several occasions,
most recently, on June 6, 2016, when the Court dismissed those claims with prejudice. Medley and the other defendants believe
the outstanding claims for alleged interference with Mr. Barkat s employment contract, and the other causes of action asserted
in the Derivative Action are without merit and all defendants intend to continue to assert a vigorous defense. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

CK Pearl Fund,
Ltd. and CK Pearl Fund, LP v. Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein,
Kass   Company (Cayman); Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein,
Kass   Company (Cayman) v. Medley Capital LLC , filed on September 19, 2016, in the Superior Court of New Jersey Law Division:
Essex County, as Docket No. L-5196-15. On September 28, 2016, Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein
Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass   Company (Cayman); Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A. (the  Rothstein
Companies ) notified Medley Capital LLC that they had filed a Third-Party Complaint naming Medley Capital LLC as an additional
defendant in the pending lawsuit between CK Pearl Fund, Ltd. and CK Pearl Fund, LP (the  CK Pearl Funds ) and the
Rothstein Companies. The CK Pearl Funds  lawsuit against Rothstein Kass was commenced on July 23, 2015. Medley Capital LLC
was not named as a defendant in the CK Pearl Funds  lawsuit. In their First Amended Complaint, the CK Pearl Funds alleged
that the Rothstein Companies failed to exercise reasonable care and diligence in conducting audits of the CK Pearl Funds 
financial statements from 2008 to 2013. More specifically, the CK Pearl Funds allege that asset valuations prepared by independent
third-party valuation firms and Medley Capital LLC were overstated and the Rothstein Kass Companies should not have issued audit
opinions stating that the CK Pearl Funds  financial statements were fairly presented. The CK Pearl Funds alleged that, as
a result, they paid Medley Capital LLC greater management fees than were otherwise due and that the CK Pearl Funds lost money
on follow-on investments that they otherwise would not have made. The CK Pearl Funds  complaint seeks damages in excess
of $125 million. From 2007 through 2014, the CK Pearl Funds were named Medley Opportunity Fund Ltd and Medley Opportunity Fund
LP and Medley Capital LLC acted as investment manager to the CK Pearl Funds. On September 19, 2016, the Rothstein Companies filed
an answer denying the CK Pearl Funds  allegations and a cross-complaint against the CK Pearl Funds and a third-party complaint
against Medley Capital LLC. The complaints filed by the Rothstein Companies allege that the CK Pearl Funds and/or Medley Capital
LLC were responsible for valuations and, if any financial statements or any valuations were overstated, the CK Pearl Funds and/or
Medley Capital LLC, not the Rothstein Companies, were responsible. Medley Capital LLC is demanding indemnification pursuant to
its contractual agreements with the CK Pearl Funds and contribution from both the CK Pearl Funds and their independent directors
with respect to the claims asserted by the Rothstein Companies. Medley Capital LLC disputes the allegations and intends to defend
the case vigorously. 

From time to time,
the Company is involved in litigation and legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of its business. The Company believes
that it is not presently a party to any such matters that would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results
of operations, or cash flows. 

10.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Substantially all
of Medley s revenue is earned through agreements with its consolidated and non-consolidated funds for which it collects
management and performance fees for providing investment and management services. 

In June 2012, Medley
entered into an Expense Support and Reimbursement Agreement ( ESA ) with SIC. Under the ESA, until December 31, 2016,
unless extended, Medley will pay up to 100% of SIC s operating expenses in order for SIC to achieve a reasonable level of
expenses relative to its investment income. Pursuant to the ESA, SIC has a conditional obligation to reimburse Medley for any
amounts they funded under the ESA if, within three years of the date on which Medley funded such amounts, SIC meets certain financial
levels. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Medley recorded $5.3 million and $16.1 million, respectively,
for ESA expenses under this agreement. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, Medley recorded $1.1 million ESA reimbursement
under this agreement. For the nine months ended September 30 2015, Medley recorded $3.1 million for ESA expenses under this agreement.
The ESA expenses and reimbursement are recorded within general, administrative, and other expense in the consolidated statements
of operations. Medley recorded a liability of $9.4 million and $7.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively,
for ESA expenses related to this agreement. These amounts are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities
as due to affiliates on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In January 2011, Medley
entered into an administration agreement with MCC (the  MCC Admin Agreement ), whereby Medley agreed to provide administrative
services necessary for the operations of MCC. MCC agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses incurred in providing such administrative
services, including an allocable portion of Medley s overhead expenses and an allocable portion of the cost of MCC s
officers and their respective staffs. Medley records these administrative fees as revenue in the period when the services are
provided and are included in other revenues and fees on the consolidated statement of operations. For each of the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $1.0 million of revenue related to the MCC Admin Agreement. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $3.0 million and $3.1 million, respectively, of revenue related
to the MCC Admin Agreement. The administrative fees receivable under the MCC Admin Agreement was $1.0 million and $0.9 million
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and is included as a component of other assets on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company purchased 1,194,547 shares of MCC on the open market for $8.8 million. The shares are classified
as available-for-sale securities and are included as a component of investments, at fair value in the Company s condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

In April 2012, Medley
entered into an administration agreement with SIC (the  SIC Admin Agreement ), whereby Medley agreed to provide administrative
services necessary for the operations of SIC. SIC agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses incurred in providing such administrative
services including an allocable portion of Medley s overhead expenses and an allocable portion of the cost of SIC s
officers and their respective staffs. Medley records these administrative fees as revenue in the period when the services are
provided and are included in other revenues and fees on the consolidated statement of operations. For the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $0.8 million and $0.5 million, respectively, of revenue related to the SIC Admin Agreement.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $2.0 million and $1.6 million, respectively, of revenue
related to the SIC Admin Agreement. The administrative fees receivable under the SIC Admin Agreement was $0.8 million and $0.5
million, respectively, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and is included as a component of other assets on the consolidated
balance sheets.      

In March 2015, Medley
entered into an administration agreement with MCC Senior Loan Strategy JV I LLC ( MCC SLS JV,  the  MCC SLS
JV Admin Agreement ), whereby Medley agreed to provide administrative services necessary for the operations of MCC SLS JV.
MCC SLS JV agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses incurred in providing such administrative services, including an allocable
portion of Medley s overhead expenses and an allocable portion of the cost of MCC SLS JV s officers and their respective
staffs. Medley records these administrative fees as revenue in the period when the services are provided and are included in other
revenues and fees on the consolidated statement of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
recorded $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, of revenue related to the MCC SLS JV Admin Agreement. The administrative
fees receivable under the MCC SLS JV Admin Agreement was $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and is included
as a component of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In March 2015, Medley
entered into an administration agreement with SIC Senior Loan Strategy JV I LLC ( SIC SLS JV,  the  SIC SLS
JV Admin Agreement ), whereby Medley agreed to provide administrative services necessary for the operations of SIC SLS JV.
SIC SLS JV agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses incurred in providing such administrative services, including an allocable
portion of Medley s overhead expenses and an allocable portion of the cost of SIC SLS JV s officers and their respective
staffs. Medley records these administrative fees as revenue in the period when the services are provided and are included in other
revenues and fees on the consolidated statement of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
recorded $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively, of revenue related to the SIC SLS JV Admin Agreement. The administrative
fees receivable under the SIC SLS JV Admin Agreement was $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and is included
as a component of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In July 2016, Medley
entered into a limited partnership agreement with Medley Credit Opportunity Fund LP ( MCOF ), whereby Medley agreed
to provide administrative services necessary for the operations of MCOF. MCOF agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses
incurred in providing such administrative services, including an allocable portion of Medley s overhead expenses and an
allocable portion of the cost of MCOF s officers and their respective staffs. Medley records these administrative fees as
revenue in the period when the services are provided and are included in other revenues and fees on the consolidated statement
of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded less than $0.1 million of revenue
related to administrative services under the MCOF limited partnership agreement. The administrative fees receivable under the
MCOF limited partnership agreement was less than $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016, and is included as a component of other
assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In connection with
the amended and restated limited liability agreement of Medley LLC, Medley LLC agreed to, at the sole discretion of the managing
member, reimburse Medley Management Inc. for all expenses incurred other than expenses incurred in connection with its income
tax obligations. From time to time, the Company may also advance funds to Medley Management Inc. to cover its operating needs.
For each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded expense reimbursements of $0.4 million. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded expense reimbursements of $1.3 million and $1.0 million,
respectively. The expense reimbursements were recorded as a component of general, administrative and other expenses on the consolidated
statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016, the amount due to Medley Management Inc. was $0.2 million and was recorded
as a component of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December
31, 2015, the amount due from Medley Management Inc. was $0.1 million and was recorded as a component of other assets on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

Pursuant to the organizational
agreement between Medley Management Inc. and Medley LLC, Medley Management Inc. may from time to time make grants of restricted
stock units or other awards providing the holder with a right to obtain shares of Class A common stock in the future and/or grants
of phantom stock or other awards providing the holder with the contractual right to receive cash payments pursuant to an equity
plan to employees, advisors or other persons, as defined, in respect of Medley LLC and its subsidiaries. These awards may entitle
the holder thereof to receive dividends paid with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying such awards as if such
holder were a holder of record of the underlying shares of Class A common stock. Medley LLC has agreed that it assumes any obligation
to pay such dividend equivalent amounts to the holders of the respective awards. Additionally, pursuant to this agreement, the
number of LLC Units held by Medley Management Inc., shall, at all times, equal the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding
and Medley LLC has agreed to issue additional LLC units equal to the number of shares of Medley Management Inc. issued pursuant
to its equity plan. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Equity Method Investments   

The Company holds
equity method investments in SIC, CK Pearl Fund, MOF II, MOF III and other vehicles. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company s carrying value of its equity method investments was $15.2 million and $16.4 million, respectively. Included
in this balance was $9.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, from the Company s investment in SIC. 

The Company typically
pays certain operating costs incurred by the funds that it manages. These costs are normally reimbursed by such funds and are
included as a component of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
Company recorded $1.4 million and $0.9 million, respectively, as a balance receivable from its equity method investments. The
Company accrued $7.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for clawback obligations relating to MOF II that would
need to be paid if the fund was liquidated at fair value as of the end of the reporting period. The Company s actual obligation,
however, would not become payable or realized until the end of a fund s life. 

Available-For-Sale Securities   

As of September 30,
2016, the Company s carrying value of its available-for-sale securities was $9.1 million and consisted of 1,194,547 shares
of publicly traded common stock. The Company measures the carrying value of its publicly traded investments in available-for-sale
securities at the unadjusted closing price as of the valuation date on the primary market or exchange on which they trade. As
of September 30, 2016, the Company recorded less than $0.1 million of cumulative unrealized gains in accumulated other comprehensive
income and $0.2 million of cumulative unrealized gains in redeemable non-controlling interests. There were no impairment charges recorded related to the Company s investments in available-for-sale securities
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Promissory Note   

In March 2014, the
Company issued a promissory note in the amount of $2.5 million to a former Medley member in connection with the purchase of his
membership interests. The promissory note carried no interest, had quarterly amortization payments of $0.3 million and was paid
in full in March 2016. 

Exchange Agreement   

Prior to the completion
of the IPO of Medley Management Inc., the Medley LLC Agreement was restated among other things, to modify its capital structure
by reclassifying the interests held by its existing owners (i.e. the members of Medley prior to the IPO of Medley Management Inc.)
into the LLC Units. Medley s existing owners also entered into an exchange agreement under which they (or certain permitted
transferees thereof) have the right (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement as described therein) to exchange their LLC
Units for shares of Medley Management Inc. s Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis at fair value, subject to customary
conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. 

Deferred income taxes
reflect the net effect of temporary differences between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its reported amount on the
Company s consolidated balance sheets. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had total deferred tax assets of $1.7 million and $1.0 million, respectively,
which consists primarily of temporary differences relating to certain accrued expenses, stock compensation and a tax benefit relating
to tax goodwill. Total deferred tax liabilities were $0.2 million and $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, which consists primarily of temporary differences relating to accrued fee income and accumulated net unrealized
losses. The tax provision for deferred income taxes results from temporary differences arising principally from certain accrued
expenses, deferred rent, fee income accruals and depreciation. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

The Company s
effective tax rate was 12.4% and 5.1% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 6.2% and 2.7%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The quarterly provision for income taxes is determined based
on the Company s estimated full year effective tax rate adjusted by the amount of tax attributable to infrequent or unusual
items that are separately recognized on a discrete basis in the income tax provision in the quarter in which they occur. The Company
is subject to New York City unincorporated business tax attributable to its operations apportioned to New York City. 

Interest expense and
penalties related to income tax matters are recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes. There were no such amounts
incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no uncertain tax positions taken that were not
more likely than not to be sustained. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are no longer subject to tax examinations by taxing
authorities for tax years prior to 2011 and, presently, have no open examination for tax years before 2013. 

12.    COMPENSATION EXPENSE  

Compensation generally
includes salaries, bonuses, and profit sharing awards. Bonuses and profit sharing awards are accrued over the service period to
which they relate. Guaranteed payments made to our senior professionals who are members of Medley LLC are recognized as compensation
expense. The payments to the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officers are performance based and periodically set subject to
maximums based on the Company s total assets under management. Such maximums aggregated to $1.3 million for each of the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $3.8 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, neither of the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officers received
any guaranteed payments. 

Performance Fee Compensation   

In October 2010, the
Company granted shares of vested profits interests in certain subsidiaries to select employees. These awards are viewed as a profit-sharing
arrangement and are accounted for under ASC 710, which requires compensation expense to be recognized over the vesting period,
which is usually the period over which service is provided. The shares were vested at grant date, subject to a divestiture percentage
based on percentage of service completed from the award grant date to the employee s termination date. The Company adjusts
the related liability quarterly based on changes in estimated cash flows for the profit interests. 

In January 2014, the
Company granted additional shares of profit interests in certain subsidiaries to select employees. The shares were fully vested
at grant date and were not subject to a divestiture percentage. 

In February 2015 and
March 2016, the Company granted incentive cash bonus awards to select employees.  These awards entitle employees to receive
cash compensation based on distributed performance fees received by the Company from certain institutional funds. Eligibility
to receive payments pursuant to these incentive awards is based on continued employment and ceases automatically upon termination
of employment.  Performance compensation expense is recorded based on the fair value of the incentive awards at the date
of grant and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected requisite service period.  The performance compensation
liability is subject to re-measurement at the end of each reporting period and any changes in the liability are recognized in
the then current reporting period. 

For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, performance fee compensation expense reversal was $0.2 million. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, performance fee compensation expense reversal was $3.7 million and $4.6 million, respectively. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total performance fee compensation payable for these awards was $1.1 million and
$1.8 million, respectively.  

Retirement Plan   

The Company sponsors
a defined-contribution 401(k) retirement plan that covers all employees. Employees are eligible to participate in the plan immediately,
and participants are 100% vested from the date of eligibility. The Company makes contributions to the Plan of 3% of an employee s
eligible wages, up to a maximum limit as determined by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company also pays all administrative
fees related to the plan. The Company s accrued contributions to the plan were $0.1 million for each of the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s accrued contributions
to the plan were $0.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively. 

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Stock-Based Compensation   

In connection with
the IPO of Medley Management Inc., Medley Management Inc. and Medley LLC adopted the Medley Management Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive
Plan (the  Plan ). The purpose of the Plan is to provide a means through which the Company may attract and retain
key personnel and to provide a means whereby directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors (and prospective directors,
officers, employees, consultants and advisors) of the Company can acquire and maintain an equity interest in the managing member
of the Company, Medley Management Inc., or be paid incentive compensation, including incentive compensation measured by reference
to the value of Medley Management Inc. s Class A common stock or Medley LLC s unit interests, thereby strengthening
their commitment to the welfare of the Company and aligning their interests with those of Medley Management Inc. s stockholders.
The Plan provides for the issuance of incentive stock options ( ISOs ), nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation
rights ( SARs ), restricted stock, restricted stock units ( RSUs ), stock bonuses, other stock-based awards
and cash awards. As the grant of these awards are primarily for the benefit of the employees of Medley LLC, stock compensation
is recognized in Medley LLC s separate consolidated financial statements through a corresponding credit to members 
equity, representing a capital contribution by Medley Management Inc. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
stock-based compensation was $1.0 million and $0.8 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
stock-based compensation was $2.7 million and $2.4 million, respectively. Stock-based compensation was recorded as compensation
and benefits on the consolidated statements of operations and contributions on the consolidated statements of changes in equity
and redeemable non-controlling interests. 

13.    REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS  

In January 2016, the
Company executed an amendment to SIC Advisors' operating agreement which provided the Company with the right to redeem membership
units owned by the minority interest holder.  The Company s redemption right is triggered by the termination of the
dealer manager agreement between SIC and SC Distributors LLC, an affiliate of the minority interest holder. As a result of this
redemption feature, the Company reclassified the non-controlling interest in SIC Advisors from the equity section to redeemable
non-controlling interests in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet based on its fair value as of the amendment date. 
The fair value of the non-controlling interest was determined to be $12.2 million on the date of the amendment and was adjusted
through a charge to non-controlling interests in Medley LLC. As of September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a balance of $12.5
million. 

On June 3, 2016, the
Company entered into a Master Investment Agreement with DB MED Investor I LLC and DB MED Investor II LLC (the   Investors  )
to invest up to $50 million in new and existing Medley managed funds (the   Joint Venture  ). The Company
will contribute up to $10 million, and an interest in STRF Advisors LLC, the investment advisor to Sierra Total Return Fund, in
exchange for common equity interests in the Joint Venture. The Investors will invest up to $40 million in exchange for preferred
equity interests in the Joint Venture. On account of the preferred equity interests, the Investors will receive an 8% preferred
distribution, 15% of the Joint Venture s profits, and all of the profits from the contributed interest in STRF Advisors
LLC. Medley has the option, subject to certain conditions, to cause the Joint Venture to redeem the Investors  interest
in exchange for repayment of the outstanding investment amount at the time of redemption, plus certain other considerations. The
Investors have the right, after seven years, to redeem their interests in the Joint Venture. As such, the Investors  interest
in the Joint Venture is included as a component of redeemable non-controlling interests on the Company s consolidated balance
sheets and amounted to $12.1 million as of September 30, 2016. Total contributions to the joint venture amounted to $15.0 million
through September 30, 2016 and were used to fund an $8.8 million investment in available-for-sale securities. The Company intends
to use the remaining contributions of $6.2 million, which is included in cash and cash equivalents on our consolidated balance
sheets, to fund future investments. 

14.    MARKET AND OTHER RISK FACTORS  

Due to the nature
of the Medley funds  investment strategy, their portfolio of investments has significant market and credit risk. As a result,
the Company is subject to market and other risk factors, including, but not limited to the following: 

Market Risk   

The market price of
investments may significantly fluctuate during the period of investment. Investments may decline in value due to factors affecting
securities markets generally or particular industries represented in the securities markets. The value of an investment may decline
due to general market conditions that are not specifically related to such investment, such as real or perceived adverse economic
conditions, changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings, changes in interest or currency rates or adverse investor sentiment
generally. They may also decline due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as labor shortages or increased
production costs and competitive conditions within an industry.  

Medley LLC  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Credit Risk   

There are no restrictions
on the credit quality of the investments the Company intends to make. Investments may be deemed by nationally recognized rating
agencies to have substantial vulnerability to default in payment of interest and/or principal. Some investments may have low-quality
ratings or be unrated. Lower rated and unrated investments have major risk exposure to adverse conditions and are considered to
be predominantly speculative. Generally, such investments offer a higher return potential than higher rated investments, but involve
greater volatility of price and greater risk of loss of income and principal. 

In general, the ratings
of nationally recognized rating organizations represent the opinions of agencies as to the quality of the securities they rate.
Such ratings, however, are relative and subjective; they are not absolute standards of quality and do not evaluate the market
value risk of the relevant securities. It is also possible that a rating agency might not change its rating of a particular issue
on a timely basis to reflect subsequent events. The Company may use these ratings as initial criteria for the selection of portfolio
assets for the Company but is not required to utilize them. 

Limited Liquidity of Investments   

The Company intends
to invest in investments that may not be readily marketable. Illiquid investments may trade at a discount from comparable, more
liquid investments and, at times there may be no market at all for such investments. Subordinate investments may be less marketable,
or in some instances illiquid, because of the absence of registration under federal securities laws, contractual restrictions
on transfer, the small size of the market or the small size of the issue (relative to issues of comparable interests). As a result,
the Company may encounter difficulty in selling its investments or may, if required to liquidate investments to satisfy redemption
requests of its investors or debt service obligations, be compelled to sell such investments at less than fair value. 

Counterparty Risk   

Some of the markets
in which the Company may affect its transactions are  over-the-counter  or  interdealer  markets. The
participants in such markets are typically not subject to credit evaluation and regulatory oversight, unlike members of exchange-based
markets. This exposes the Company to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and
conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the applicable contract (whether or not such dispute is bona fide) or because
of a credit or liquidity problem, causing the Company to suffer loss. Such  counterparty risk  is accentuated for
contracts with longer maturities where events may intervene to prevent settlement, or where the Company has concentrated its transactions
with a single or small group of counterparties. 

On October 18, 2016,
the Company completed a public offering of an additional $28.6 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior notes due
2026 at a public offering price of $24.45 for each $25.00 principal amount of notes. The notes mature on August 15, 2026 with
interest payable quarterly. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering to repay $26.7 million of the outstanding indebtedness
under the Term Loan Facility. The notes are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol  MDLX . 

Item 2.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 included in our prospectus,
dated August 4, 2016, filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act on August 5, 2016 (the  Prospectus ). 

Overview  

We are an asset management
firm offering yield solutions to retail and institutional investors. We focus on credit-related investment strategies, primarily
originating senior secured loans to private middle market companies in the U.S. that have revenues between $50 million and $1 billion.
We generally hold these loans to maturity. Our national direct origination franchise, with over 85 people, provides capital to
the middle market in the U.S. As of September 30, 2016, we had over $5 billion of AUM in two business development companies, MCC
and SIC, as well as private investment vehicles. Over the past 14 years, we have provided in excess of $6 billion of capital to
over 350 companies across 35 industries in North America. 

We manage two permanent
capital vehicles, both of which are BDCs, as well as long-dated private funds and SMAs, focusing on senior secured credit. 

Long-dated private funds and SMAs: MOF II, MOF III, MCOF and SMAs, have a total AUM of $2.5 billion as of September 30, 2016.   

Our year over year
AUM growth as of September 30, 2016 was 25% and was driven in large part by the growth of our long-dated private funds and SMAs.
Our compounded annual AUM growth rate from December 31, 2010 through September 30, 2016 was 32%. 

In general, our institutional
investors do not have the right to withdraw capital commitments and, to date, we have not experienced any withdrawals of capital
commitments. For a description of the risk factor associated with capital commitments, see  Risk Factors   Third-party
investors in our private funds may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital calls when requested, which could adversely
affect a fund s operations and performance  included in our Prospectus. 

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, 88% and 90%, respectively, of our revenues were generated from management fees and performance
fees derived primarily from net interest income on senior secured loans. 

Direct origination,
careful structuring and active monitoring of the loan portfolios we manage are important success factors in our business, which
can be adversely affected by difficult market and political conditions, such as the turmoil in the global capital markets from
2007 to 2009. Since our inception in 2006, we have adhered to a disciplined investment process that employs these principles with
the goal of delivering strong risk-adjusted investment returns while protecting investor capital. We believe that our ability to
directly originate, structure and lead deals enables us to consistently lend at higher yields with better terms. In addition, the
loans we manage generally have a contractual maturity of between three and seven years and are typically floating rate, which we
believe positions our business well for rising interest rates. 

Our senior management
team has, on average, over 20 years of experience in credit, including originating, underwriting, principal investing and loan
structuring. We have made significant investments in our corporate infrastructure and have over 85 employees, including over 45
investment, origination and credit management professionals, and over 40 operations, accounting, legal, compliance and marketing
professionals, each with extensive experience in their respective disciplines. 

The significant majority
of our revenue is derived from management fees, which include base management fees earned on all of our investment products as
well as Part I incentive fees earned from our permanent capital vehicles. Our base management fees are generally calculated based
upon fee earning assets and paid quarterly in cash. Our Part I incentive fees from our permanent capital vehicles are typically
calculated based upon net investment income, subject to a hurdle rate, and are also paid quarterly in cash. 

We also earn performance
fees from our long-dated private funds and SMAs. Typically, these performance fees are 15% or 20% of the total return above a hurdle
rate. These performance fees are accrued quarterly and paid after return of all invested capital and an amount sufficient to achieve
the hurdle rate of return. 

We also receive incentive
fees related to realized capital gains in our permanent capital vehicles that we refer to as Part II incentive fees. Part II incentive
fees are payable annually and are calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (i) the sum of cumulative realized
capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation from (ii) cumulative aggregate realized capital gains. If the amount calculated
is positive, then the Part II incentive fee for such year is equal to 20% of such amount, less the aggregate amount of Part II
incentive fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then no Part II incentive fee will be payable for such year.
As our investment strategy is focused on generating yield from senior secured credit, historically we have not generated Part II
incentive fees. 

Our primary expenses
are compensation to our employees, performance fee compensation and general, administrative and other expenses. Compensation includes
salaries, discretionary bonuses, stock-based compensation and benefits paid and payable to our employees. Performance fee compensation
is related to performance fees, generally consisting of incentive allocations in our long-dated private funds that we grant to
certain of our professionals. General and administrative expenses include costs primarily related to professional services, office
rent and related expenses, expense support agreement expenses related to SIC, depreciation and amortization, travel and related
expenses, information technology, communication and information services, placement fees and third-party marketing expenses and
other general operating items. 

Registered Public Offering of Medley LLC Notes  

On August 9, 2016,
Medley LLC completed a registered public offering of $25 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% notes due 2026 at a public
offering price of 100% of the principal amount. The notes mature on August 15, 2026, with interest payable quarterly. The notes
will be redeemable in whole or in part at our option on or after August 15, 2019, at the redemption price of 100% of aggregate
principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. We used the net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of the outstanding
indebtedness under our Term Loan Facility. The notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol  MDLX.  

Medley LLC Reorganization   

In connection with
the initial public offering ( IPO ) of Medley Management Inc., Medley LLC amended and restated its limited liability
agreement to modify its capital structure by reclassifying the 23,333,333 interests held by the pre-IPO members into a single new
class of units. The pre-IPO members also entered into an exchange agreement under which they (or certain permitted transferees
thereof) have the right, subject to the terms of the exchange agreement, to exchange their LLC Units for shares of Medley Management
Inc. s Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock
dividends and reclassifications. In addition, pursuant to the amended and restated limited liability agreement, Medley Management
Inc. became the sole managing member of Medley LLC. Medley Management Inc. is controlled by the pre-IPO owners. 

The pre-IPO owners,
are, subject to limited exceptions, prohibited from transferring any LLC Units held by them or any shares of Class A common stock
received upon exchange of such LLC Units, until the third anniversary of the date of the closing of the IPO of Medley Management
Inc. without the consent of the managing member. Thereafter and prior to the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the closing of the
IPO of Medley Management Inc., such holders may not transfer more than 33 1/3% and 66 2/3%, respectively, of the number of LLC
Units held by them, together with the number of any shares of Class A common stock received by them upon exchange therefor, without
the consent of the managing member. 

Our Structure   

Medley LLC is a partially
owned subsidiary of Medley Management Inc., a holding company whose sole asset is its controlling equity interest in Medley LLC.
Medley Management Inc. operates and controls all of the business and affairs and consolidates the financial results of Medley LLC
and its subsidiaries. Medley Management Inc. owns 100% of the voting interests in Medley LLC and 19.93% of the issued and outstanding
LLC Units of Medley LLC. The remaining LLC Units (80.07%) are held by Brook Taube, Seth Taube, and other members of senior management
( Senior Management Owners ). The LLS Units do not have voting rights. Medley Management Inc. and the Senior Management
Owners have also entered into an exchange agreement under which the Senior Management Owners (or certain permitted transferees)
have the right (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement), to exchange their equity interests in Medley LLC for shares of
Medley Management Inc. s Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for
stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. 

Medley Group LLC, an
entity wholly-owned by the pre-IPO owners, holds all 100 issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. For so long
as the pre-IPO owners and then-current Medley personnel hold at least 10% of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock
and LLC Units (excluding those LLC Units held by Medley Management Inc.), which we refer to as the  Substantial Ownership
Requirement,  the Class B common stock entitles Medley Group LLC, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common
stock held by it, to a number of votes that is equal to 10 times the aggregate number of LLC Units held by all non-managing members
of Medley LLC that do not themselves hold shares of Class B common stock and entitle each other holder of Class B common stock,
without regard to the number of shares of Class B common stock held by such other holder, to a number of votes that is equal to
10 times the number of LLC Units held by such holder. For purposes of calculating the Substantial Ownership Requirement, (1) shares
of Class A common stock deliverable to the pre-IPO owners and then-current Medley personnel pursuant to outstanding equity awards
will be deemed then outstanding and (2) shares of Class A common stock and LLC Units held by any estate, trust, partnership or
limited liability company or other similar entity of which any pre-IPO owner or then-current Medley personnel, or any immediate
family member thereof, is a trustee, partner, member or similar party will be considered held by such pre-IPO owner or other then-current
Medley personnel. From and after the time that the Substantial Ownership Requirement is no longer satisfied, the Class B common
stock will entitle Medley Group LLC, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common stock held by it, to a number of
votes that is equal to the aggregate number of LLC Units held by all non-managing members of Medley LLC that do not themselves
hold shares of Class B common stock and entitle each other holder of Class B common stock, without regard to the number of shares
of Class B common stock held by such other holder, to a number of votes that is equal to the number of LLC Units held by such holder.
At the completion of the IPO of Medley Management Inc., the pre-IPO owners were comprised of all of the non-managing members of
Medley LLC. However, Medley LLC may in the future admit additional non-managing members that would not constitute pre-IPO owners.
If at any time the ratio at which LLC Units are exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock changes from one-for-one as
set forth in the Exchange Agreement, the number of votes to which Class B common stockholders are entitled will be adjusted accordingly.
Holders of shares of our Class B common stock will vote together with holders of our Class A common stock as a single class on
all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally, except as otherwise required by law. 

Holders of equity interests
in Medley LLC (other than Medley Management Inc.), were, subject to limited exceptions, prohibited from transferring any such equity
interests that were held by them as of September 23, 2014 (the date of consummation of the IPO of Medley Management Inc.), or any
shares of Medley Management Inc. s Class A common stock received upon exchange of such equity interests, until September
23, 2017 without Medley Management Inc. s consent. Thereafter and prior to September 23, 2018 and September 23, 2019, such
holders may not transfer more than 33 % and 66 %, respectively, of the number of any shares of Medley LLC s equity
interests held by them as of September 23, 2014 (the date of consummation of the IPO of Medley Management Inc.), together with
the number of any shares of Medley Management Inc. s Class A common stock received by them upon exchange therefor, without
our consent. While this agreement could be amended or waived by Medley Management Inc., the holders of the equity interests in
Medley LLC (other than Medley Management Inc.) have advised us that they do not intend to seek any waivers of these restrictions. 

The diagram below depicts our organizational
structure (excluding those operating subsidiaries with no material operations or assets) as of November 14, 2016: 

(1)   The
Class B common stock provides Medley Group LLC with a number of votes that is equal to 10 times the aggregate number of LLC Units
held by all non-managing members of Medley LLC. From and after the time that the Substantial Ownership Requirement is no longer
satisfied, the Class B common stock will provide Medley Group LLC with a number of votes that is equal to the aggregate number
of LLC Units held by all non-managing members of Medley LLC that do not themselves hold shares of Class B common stock. 

 (2)   If
the pre-IPO owners exchanged all of their LLC Units for shares of Class A common stock, they would hold 80.07% of the outstanding
shares of Class A common stock, entitling them to an equivalent percentage of economic interests and voting power in Medley Management
Inc., Medley Group LLC would hold no voting power or economic interests in Medley Management Inc. and Medley Management Inc. would
hold 100% of outstanding LLC Units and 100% of the voting power in Medley LLC. 

 (3)   Certain
individuals, entities and other partners engaged in our business continue to own interests directly in selected operating subsidiaries,
including, in certain instances, entities that receive management, performance and incentive fees from funds that we advise. For
additional information concerning these interests, see  Business   Fee Structure  included in our Prospectus. 

 (4)  
Strategic Capital Advisory Services, LLC owns 20% of SIC Advisors LLC and is entitled to receive distributions of up to 20% of
the gross cash proceeds received by SIC Advisors LLC from the management and incentive fees payable by Sierra Income Corporation
to SIC Advisors LLC, net of certain expenses, as well as 20% of the returns of the investments held at SIC Advisors LLC. 

 (5)  
Medley LLC holds 96.5% of the Class B economic interests in MCOF Management LLC.       

 (6)   Pursuant
to the Master Investment Agreement among Medley LLC, Medley Seed Funding I LLC, Medley Seed Funding II LLC, Medley Seed Funding
III LLC, DB MED Investor I LLC and DB MED Investor II LLC, dated June 3, 2016, Medley LLC holds 100% of the outstanding Common
Interest in this entity, while DB MED Investor I LLC holds 100% of the outstanding Preferred Interest in this entity. 

 (7)   
Certain employees, former employees and former members of Medley LLC hold approximately 40% of the limited liability company interests
in MOF II GP LLC, the entity that serves as general partner of MOF II, entitling the holders to share the performance fees earned
from MOF II. 

 (8)   Medley
GP Holdings LLC holds 96.5% of the Class B economic interests in MCOF GP LLC. 

Trends Affecting Our Business  

We believe that our
disciplined investment philosophy contributes to the stability of our firm s performance. Our results of operations, including
the fair value of our AUM, are affected by a variety of factors, including conditions in the global financial markets as well as
economic and political environments, particularly in the U.S. 

During fiscal year
2015, concerns over declines in commodity markets, increasing interest rates and slow economic expansion in non U.S. economies,
all highlight the fact that economic conditions were unpredictable and volatile for the year. The ongoing volatility in commodity
prices, especially of crude oil, and the uncertainty regarding the stability of the oil and gas markets resulted in a tightening
of credit across multiple sectors. Mark to market losses on commodity related debt caused volatility on credit returns and increased
financing costs for business across most sectors. 

In general, these market
and economic conditions continued into the first fiscal quarter of 2016. In the second quarter of 2016, broad economic markets
showed stability and loan volumes across the lending spectrum improved. During the third quarter, while loan volume continued to
improve, the opportunity set for appropriate risk-adjusted investments reduced. Loans funds had significant outflows during the
period, all while yields continued to compress; increasing risk in the market. Our platform provides us the ability to lend across
the capital structure and at varying interest rates providing our firm access to a larger borrower subset over time; however, the
deployment of capital over the recent quarter, was prudent and cautious in-light of the prevailing market conditions. 

In addition to these
macroeconomic trends and market factors, our future performance is dependent on our ability to attract new capital. We believe
the following factors will influence our future performance: 

The extent to which investors favor directly originated private credit investments.  Our
ability to attract additional capital is dependent on investors  views of directly originated private credit investments
relative to traditional assets. We believe fundraising efforts will continue to be impacted by certain fundamental asset management
trends that include: (i) the increasing importance of directly originated private credit investment strategies for institutional
investors; (ii) increasing demand for directly originated private credit investments from retail investors; (iii) recognition by
the consultant channel, which serves endowment and pension fund investors, that directly originated private credit is an important
component of asset allocation; (iv) increasing demand from insurance companies seeking alternatives to investing in the liquid
credit markets; and (v) de-leveraging of the global banking system, bank consolidation and increased bank regulatory requirements.    

Our ability to generate strong, stable returns and retain investor capital throughout market
cycles.  The capital we are able to attract and retain drives the growth of our AUM, fee earning AUM and management fees. We
believe we are well positioned to invest through market cycles given our AUM is in either permanent capital vehicles or long-dated
private funds and SMAs.   

Our ability to source investments with attractive risk-adjusted returns.  Our ability to
grow our revenue is dependent on our continued ability to source attractive investments and deploy the capital that we have raised.
We believe that the current economic environment provides attractive investment opportunities. Our ability to identify attractive
investments and execute on those investments is dependent on a number of factors, including the general macroeconomic environment,
valuation, size and the liquidity of these investment opportunities. A significant decrease in the quality or quantity of investment
opportunities in the directly originated private credit market, a substantial increase in corporate default rates, an increase
in competition from new entrants providing capital to the private debt market and a decrease in recovery rates of directly originated
private credit could adversely affect our ability to source investments with attractive risk-adjusted returns.   

The attractiveness of our product offering to investors.  We believe defined contribution
plans, retail investors, public institutional investors, pension funds, endowments, sovereign wealth funds and insurance companies
are increasing exposure to directly originated private credit investment products to seek differentiated returns and current yield.
Our permanent capital vehicles benefit from this demand by offering institutional and retail investors the ability to invest in
our private credit investment strategy. We believe that the breadth, diversity and number of investment vehicles we offer allow
us to maximize our reach with investors.   

The strength of our investment process, operating platform and client servicing capabilities.
 Following the most recent financial crisis, investors in alternative investments, including those managed by us, have heightened
their focus on matters such as manager due diligence, reporting transparency and compliance infrastructure. Since inception, we
have invested heavily in our investment monitoring systems, compliance and enterprise risk management systems to proactively address
investor expectations and the evolving regulatory landscape. We believe these investments in operating infrastructure will continue
to support our growth in AUM.    

Consolidated Variable Interest Entities  

Medley LLC has three
majority owned subsidiaries, SIC Advisors LLC, Medley Seed Funding I LLC and STRF Advisors LLC, all of which are consolidated variable
interest entities ( VIEs ). Each of these entities was organized as a limited liability company and was legally formed
to manage a designated fund and to isolate business risk. Except to the extent of the assets of this VIE that are consolidated,
the holders of the consolidated VIE s liabilities generally do not have recourse to us. 

Seed Investments  

We account for seed
investments through the application of the voting interest model under ASC 810-10-25-1 through 25-14 and we consolidate a seed
investment when the investment advisor holds a controlling interest, which is, in general, 50% or more of the equity in such investment.
For seed investments for which we do not hold a controlling interest, we account for such seed investment under the equity method
of accounting, at our ownership percentage of such seed investment s net asset value. 

Deconsolidation of Funds  

Prior to January 1,
2015, we consolidated MOF II in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with ASC 810,  Consolidation , as we were
the general partner and the limited partners lacked kick out rights or participating rights. Under the guidance of ASU 2015-02,
which we adopted on January 1, 2015, we reconsidered the consolidation conclusion for MOF II and, as a result of the new guidance,
determined that although MOF II continues to be a VIE, we are no longer considered to be the primary beneficiary. Therefore, we
deconsolidated MOF II at January 1, 2015 and recorded our investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting. As a
result, amounts presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements herein for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015 have been adjusted from amounts previously disclosed for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 to reflect
the adoption of this guidance. 

Joint Venture  

On June 3, 2016, we
entered into a Master Investment Agreement with DB MED Investor I LLC and DB MED Investor II LLC (the   Investors  )
to invest up to $50 million in new and existing Medley managed funds (the   Joint Venture  ). We will contribute
up to $10 million, and an interest in STRF Advisors LLC, the investment advisor to Sierra Total Return Fund, in exchange for common
equity interests in the Joint Venture. The Investors will invest up to $40 million in exchange for preferred equity interests in
the Joint Venture. On account of the preferred equity interests, the Investors will receive an 8% preferred distribution, 15% of
the Joint Venture s profits, and all of the profits from the contributed interest in STRF Advisors LLC. We have the option,
subject to certain conditions, to cause the Joint Venture to redeem the Investors  interest in exchange for repayment of
the outstanding investment amount at the time of redemption, plus certain other considerations. The Investors have the right, after
seven years, to redeem their interests in the Joint Venture. As such, the Investors  interest in the Joint Venture is included
as a component of redeemable non-controlling interests on our consolidated balance sheets and amounted to $12.1 million as of September
30, 2016. Total contributions to the joint venture amounted to $15.0 million through September 30, 2016 and were used to fund an
$8.8 million investment in available-for-sale securities. We intend to use the remaining contributions of $6.2 million, which is
included in cash and cash equivalents on our consolidated balance sheets, to fund future investments. 

Components of Our Results of Operations  

Management Fees. 
Management fees include both base management fees as well as Part I incentive fees. 

Base Management Fees.  Base management fees are generally based on a defined percentage of
(i) average or total gross assets, including assets acquired with leverage, (ii) total commitments, (iii) net invested capital,
(iv) NAV or (v) lower of cost or market value of a fund s portfolio investments. These fees are calculated quarterly and
are paid in cash in advance or in arrears depending on each specific fund. Base management fees are recognized as revenue in the
period advisory services are rendered, subject to our assessment of collectability.   

In addition, we also receive
non asset-based management fees that may include special fees such as origination fees, transaction fees and similar fees paid
to us in connection with portfolio investments of our funds. These fees are specific to particular transactions and the contractual
terms of the portfolio investments, and are recognized when earned. 

Part I Incentive Fees.  We also include Part I incentive fees that we receive from our permanent
capital vehicles in Management Fees. Part I incentive fees are paid quarterly, in cash, and are driven primarily by net interest
income on senior secured loans. Effective January 1, 2016, as it relates to MCC, these fees are subject to netting against realized
and unrealized losses. We are primarily an asset manager of yield-oriented products and our incentive fees are primarily derived
from spread income rather than trading or capital gains. In addition, we also carefully manage interest rate risk. We are generally
positioned to benefit from a raising rate environment, which should benefit fees paid to us from our vehicles and funds.   

Beginning January 1, 2016, MCC
Advisors LLC s base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75% on MCC s gross assets up to $1.0 billion
and 1.50% on MCC s gross assets above $1.0 billion. In addition, MCC Advisors LLC s Part I incentive fees are equal
to 17.5% on pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to a fixed hurdle rate of 6% per year with a catch-up. Moreover, the
incentive fee includes a netting mechanism and is subject to a rolling three-year look back from January 1, 2016 forward. For details
of the new MCC fee structure, please see  Business   Fee Structure  included in our Prospectus. Under no circumstances
will the new fee structure result in higher fees to MCC Advisors LLC. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, MCC Part I incentive fees were equal to 20.0% of net investment income (before MCC Part I incentive fees
and MCC Part II incentive fees), subject to a fixed hurdle rate of 2.0% per quarter, calculated on the prior quarter NAV. No fee
was earned until MCC s net investment income exceeded the 2.0% hurdle rate. There was a catch-up provision that allocated
to us all investment income above the hurdle rate but below a 2.5% return on the prior quarter NAV. Thereafter, we receive 20.0%
of MCC s net investment income above a 2.5% return on the prior quarter NAV. MCC Part I incentive fees are not subject to
repayment (or clawback), and are paid quarterly in cash. 

SIC Part I incentive fees are
equal to 20.0% of its net investment income (before SIC Part I incentive fees and SIC Part II incentive fees), subject to a fixed
hurdle rate of 1.75% per quarter, calculated on the prior quarter NAV. No fee is earned until SIC s net investment income
exceeds the 1.75% hurdle rate. There is a catch-up provision that allocates to us all investment income above the hurdle rate but
below a 2.1875% return on the prior quarter NAV. Thereafter, we receive 20.0% of SIC s net investment income above a 2.1875%
return on the prior quarter net assets value. SIC Part I incentive fees are not subject to repayment (or clawback) and are paid
quarterly in cash. 

Performance Fees. 
Our long-dated private funds and SMAs may have industry standard carried interest performance fee structures and are typically
15% to 20% of the total return over a 6.0% to 8.0% annualized preferred return. We record these fees on an accrual basis, to the
extent such amounts are contractually due but not paid, and we present this revenue as a separate line item on our consolidated
statements of operations. These fees are subject to repayment (clawback). 

The timing and amount
of performance fees generated by our funds is uncertain. If we were to have a realization event in a particular quarter or year,
it may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter or year that may not be replicated in subsequent periods.
Refer to  Risk Factors   Risks Related to Our Business and Industry  included in our Prospectus. 

Generally, if at the
termination of a fund (and sometimes at interim points in the life of a fund), the fund has not achieved investment returns that
(in most cases) exceed the preferred return threshold or (in all cases) the general partner receives net profits over the life
of the fund in excess of its allocable share under the applicable partnership agreement, we will be obligated to repay an amount
equal to the extent to which carried interest that was previously distributed to us exceeds the amounts to which we are ultimately
entitled. Medley had not received any distributions of performance fees through September 30, 2016, other than tax distributions,
a portion of which is subject to clawback. As of September 30, 2016, we accrued $7.1 million for clawback obligations that would
need to be paid if the funds were liquidated at fair value as of the end of the reporting period. Our actual obligation, however,
would not become payable or realized until the end of a fund s life. 

For any given period,
performance fee revenue on our consolidated statements of operations may include reversals of previously recognized performance
fees due to a decrease in the value of a particular fund that results in a decrease of cumulative performance fees earned to date.
Since fund return hurdles are cumulative, previously recognized fees also may be reversed in a period of appreciation that is lower
than the particular fund's hurdle rate. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, there was no reversal of previously recognized
performance fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reversed $0.4 million of previously recognized performance fees.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we reversed $14.7 million and $18.7 million of previously recognized performance
fees. As of September 30, 2016, we recognized cumulative performance fees of $6.3 million. 

Part II Incentive Fees . For our permanent capital vehicles, Part II incentive fees generally
represent 20.0% of each fund s cumulative realized capital gains (net of realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation).
We have not received these fees historically, and do not expect such fees to be material in the future given our focus on senior
secured lending.   

Other Revenues and
Fees.  We provide administrative services to certain of our affiliated funds that are reported as other revenues and fees. Such
fees are recognized as revenue in the period that administrative services are rendered. These fees are generally based on expense
reimbursements for the portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by certain professionals directly attributable to each respective
fund. These fees are reported within total revenues in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this
Form 10-Q. 

In certain cases, the
entities that receive management and incentive fees from our funds are owned by Medley LLC together with other persons. See  Critical
Accounting Policies  and Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  to our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements included in this Form 10-Q for additional information regarding the manner in which management fees, performance
fees and other fees are generated. 

Expenses  

Compensation and
Benefits . Compensation and benefits generally includes salaries, discretionary bonuses and benefits paid and payable to our
employees. Compensation also includes stock-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to our employees.
Compensation expense relating to restricted stock units that are expected to vest are measured at fair value as of the grant date,
and are expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. Bonuses are accrued over the service period to which they relate. 

Guaranteed payments
made to our senior professionals who are members of Medley LLC are recognized as compensation expense. The payments to our Co-Chief
Executive Officers are performance based and periodically set subject to maximums based on our total assets under management. Such
maximums aggregated to $1.3 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $3.8 million for each of
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, neither of
our Co-Chief Executive Officers received any guaranteed payments. 

Performance Fee
Compensation.  Performance fee compensation includes compensation related to performance fees, which generally consists of profit
interests that we grant to our employees. Depending on the nature of each fund, the performance fee participation is generally
structured as a fixed percentage or as an annual award. The liability is recorded subject to the vesting of the profit interests
granted and is calculated based upon the net present value of the projected performance fees. Payments to profit interest holders
are payable when the performance fees are paid to Medley LLC by the respective fund. It is possible that we may record performance
fee compensation during a period in which we do not record any performance fee revenue or we have a reversal of previously recognized
performance fee revenue. We have an obligation to pay our employees a portion of the performance fees earned from certain funds. 

General, Administrative
and Other Expenses.  General and administrative expenses include costs primarily related to professional services, office rent,
depreciation and amortization, general insurance, recruiting, travel and related expenses, information technology, communication
and information services, placement fees, SIC expenses under an investment advisory and expense support and reimbursement agreements
and other general operating items. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Dividend Income. 
Dividend income consists of dividends associated with our equity method investment in SIC and our available-for-sale securities.
Dividends are recognized on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are declared and expected to be collected. 

Interest Expense. 
Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense relating to debt incurred by us. 

Other Income (Expenses),
Net.  Other income (expenses), net consists primarily of expenses associated with our revenue share payable, equity income (loss)
and unrealized gains (losses) associated with our equity method investments. 

Provision for Income
Taxes . We are treated as a partnership for income tax purposes and are therefore not subject to U.S. federal, state and local
corporate income taxes. We are subject to New York City unincorporated business tax attributable to taxable income allocable to
New York City. 

Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. To the extent it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recognized, a valuation allowance
is provided to offset their benefit. 

We recognize the benefit
of an income tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon tax examination, based
solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Otherwise, no benefit is recognized. The tax benefits recognized are measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Interest
expense and penalties related to income tax matters are recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes. 

Net Income (Loss)
Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests and Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries.  Net income
(loss) attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries represents
the ownership interests that third parties hold in our consolidated subsidiaries. 

Our private funds are
closed-end funds, and accordingly do not permit investors to redeem their interests other than in limited circumstances that are
beyond our control, such as instances in which retaining the limited partnership interest could cause the limited partner to violate
a law, regulation or rule. In addition, separately managed accounts for a single investor may allow such investor to terminate
the investment management agreement at the discretion of the investor pursuant to the terms of the applicable documents. We manage
assets for MCC and SIC, both of which are BDCs. The capital managed by MCC and SIC is permanently committed to these funds and
cannot be redeemed by investors. 

Managing Business Performance  

Non-GAAP Financial Information    

In addition to analyzing
our results on a GAAP basis, management also makes operating decisions and assesses business performance based on the financial
and operating metrics and data that are presented without the impact of consolidation of any funds. Core Net Income, Core EBITDA
and Core Net Income Margin are non-GAAP financial measures that are used by management to assess the performance of our business.
There are limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the use of the most directly comparable
U.S. GAAP financial measure and these measures supplement and should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of the results
of operations discussed further under     Results of Operations,   which are prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Furthermore, such measures may be inconsistent with measures presented by other companies. For a reconciliation
of these measures to the most comparable measure in accordance with U.S. GAAP, see     Reconciliation of Certain
Non-GAAP Performance Measures to Consolidated U.S. GAAP Financial Measures.   

Core Net Income. 
Core Net Income is an income measure that is used by management to assess the performance of our business through the removal of
non-core items, as well as non-recurring expenses associated with the IPO of Medley Management Inc. It is calculated by adjusting
net income attributable to Medley LLC to exclude reimbursable expenses associated with the launch of funds, amortization of stock-based
compensation expense associated with grants of restricted stock units at the time of the IPO of Medley Management Inc. other non-core
items and the income tax impact of these adjustments. 

Core Earnings
Before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (Core EBITDA).  Core EBITDA is an income measure also used by management
to assess the performance of our business. Core EBITDA is calculated as Core Net Income before interest expense, income taxes,
depreciation and amortization. 

Core Net Income
Margin.  Core Net Income Margin equals Core Net Income divided by total revenue. 

Key Performance Indicators  

When we review our
performance we focus on the indicators described below:  

(1)  Net Income Margin equals Net income attributable to Medley LLC divided by total revenue.   

AUM  

AUM refers to the assets
of our funds. We view AUM as a metric to measure our investment and fundraising performance as it reflects assets generally at
fair value plus available uncalled capital. For our funds, our AUM equals the sum of the following: 

Gross asset values or NAV of such funds;   

the drawn and undrawn debt (at the fund-level, including amounts subject to restrictions); and   

uncalled committed capital (including commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment
periods).   

The table below provides
the roll forward of AUM for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents increases during the period through equity
and debt offerings, subject to restrictions, as well as any increases in available undrawn borrowings or capital commitments. With
respect to long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents new commitments or gross inflows, respectively, as well as any increases
in available undrawn borrowings.   

(2)   Represents the permanent reduction in equity or leverage during the period.   

(3)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents distributions of income. With respect to
long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents return of capital, given our funds  stage in their respective life cycle and
the prioritization of capital distributions.   

(4)   Includes interest income, realized and unrealized gains (losses), fees and/or expenses.   

AUM remained consistent
at $5.0 billion as of September 30, 2016 compared to AUM as of June 30, 2016.    

The table below provides the roll forward
of AUM for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents increases during the period through equity
and debt offerings, subject to restrictions, as well as any increases in available undrawn borrowings or capital commitments. With
respect to long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents new commitments or gross inflows, respectively, as well as any increases
in available undrawn borrowings.   

(2)   Represents the permanent reduction in equity or leverage during the period.   

(3)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents distributions of income. With respect to
long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents return of capital, given our funds  stage in their respective life cycle and
the prioritization of capital distributions.   

(4)   Includes interest income, realized and unrealized gains (losses), fees and/or expenses.   

AUM increased by $231.4
million, or 5%, to $5.0 billion as of September 30, 2016 compared to AUM as of December 31, 2015. 
 Our permanent capital vehicles remained consistent at $2.5 billion as of September 30, 2016. Our long-dated private funds
and SMAs increased AUM by $233.0 million, or 10%, primarily associated with new capital commitments from our long-dated private
funds and SMAs, partly offset by distributions by our long-dated private funds and SMAs as some of our vehicles are no longer in
the investment period. 

Fee Earning AUM  

Fee earning AUM refers
to assets under management on which we directly earn base management fees. We view fee earning AUM as a metric to measure changes
in the assets from which we earn management fees. Our fee earning AUM is the sum of all the individual fee earning assets of our
funds that contribute directly to our management fees and generally equals the sum of: 

for our permanent capital vehicles, the average or total gross asset value, including assets acquired
with the proceeds of leverage (see  Fee earning AUM based on gross asset value  in the  Components of Fee Earning
AUM  table below for the amount of this component of fee earning AUM as of each period);   

for certain funds within the investment period in the long-dated private funds, the amount of limited
partner capital commitments (see  Fee earning AUM based on capital commitments  in the  Components of Fee Earning
AUM  table below for the amount of this component of fee earning AUM as of each period); and   

for the aforementioned funds beyond the investment period, certain managed accounts within their
investment period, the amount of limited partner invested capital or the NAV of the fund (see  Fee earning AUM based on invested
capital or NAV  in the  Components of Fee Earning AUM  table below for the amount of this component of fee earning
AUM as of each period).   

Our calculations of
fee earning AUM and AUM may differ from the calculations of other asset managers and, as a result, this measure may not be comparable
to similar measures presented by others. In addition, our calculations of fee earning AUM and AUM may not be based on any definition
of fee earning AUM or AUM that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we advise. 

Components of Fee Earning AUM  

As of September
30, 2016, fee earning AUM based on gross asset value decreased by $55.1 million, compared to December 31, 2015. The decrease
in fee earning AUM based on gross asset value was due primarily to a decrease at MCC that resulted from lower leverage
capacity, a decline in portfolio asset valuations and share repurchases, partly offset by new equity issuances at SIC. 

As of September 30,
2016, fee earning AUM based on capital commitments remained consistent compared to December 31, 2015. 

As of September 30,
2016, fee earning AUM based on invested capital or NAV decreased by $136.0 million, or 14%, compared to December 31, 2015. The
decrease in fee earning AUM based on invested capital or NAV was due primarily to distributions of income and return of capital
by our long-dated private funds and SMAs as some of our vehicles are no longer in the investment period. 

The table below presents the roll forward
of Fee Earning AUM for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents increases or temporary reductions during
the period through equity and debt offerings, as well as any increases in capital commitments. With respect to long-dated private
funds and SMAs, represents new commitments or gross inflows, respectively.   

(2)   Represents the permanent reduction in equity or leverage during the period.   

(3)   Represents distributions of income, return of capital and return of portfolio investment capital
to the fund.   

(4)   Includes interest income, realized and unrealized gains (losses), fees and/or expenses.   

Total fee earning AUM
decreased by $46.8 million, or 1%, as of September 30, 2016 compared to total fee earning AUM as of June 30, 2016 and was due primarily
to distributions of income and return of capital by our long-dated private funds and SMAs as some of our vehicles are no longer
in the investment period. 

The table below presents the roll forward
of Fee Earning AUM for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents increases or temporary reductions during
the period through equity and debt offerings, as well as any increases in capital commitments. With respect to long-dated private
funds and SMAs, represents new commitments or gross inflows, respectively.   

(2)   Represents the permanent reduction in equity or leverage during the period.   

(3)   Represents distributions of income, return of capital and return of portfolio investment capital
to the fund.   

(4)   Includes interest income, realized and unrealized gains (losses), fees and/or expenses.   

Total fee earning AUM
decreased by $191.1 million, or 6%, to $3.1 billion as of September 30, 2016 compared to total fee earning AUM as of December 31,
2015, due primarily to distributions of income and return of capital by our long-dated private funds and SMAs as some of our vehicles
are no longer in the investment period. 

Returns   

The following section
sets forth historical performance for our active funds. 

Sierra Income Corporation (SIC)   

We launched SIC, our
first public non-traded permanent capital vehicle, in April 2012. SIC primarily focuses on direct lending to middle market borrowers
in the U.S. Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 233 investments and have invested a total of $1.5 billion.
As of September 30, 2016, the fee earning AUM was $1.2 billion. The performance for SIC as of September 30, 2016 is summarized
below: 

Annualized Net Total Return (1) :    
        6.4  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        0.6  %  
 
     Average Recovery:    
        81.7  %  

Medley Capital Corporation (MCC)   

We launched MCC, our
first permanent capital vehicle in January 2011. MCC primarily focuses on direct lending to private middle market borrowers in
the U.S. Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 161 investments and have invested a total of $1.9 billion. As
of September 30, 2016, excluding Medley SBIC LP, the fee earning AUM was $795 million. The performance for MCC as of September
30, 2016 is summarized below: 

Annualized Net Total Return (2) :    
        6.8  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        1.4  %  
 
     Average Recovery (3) :    
        NM     

Medley SBIC LP (Medley SBIC)   

We launched Medley
SBIC in March 2013 as a wholly owned subsidiary of MCC. Medley SBIC lends to smaller middle market private borrowers that we otherwise
would not target in our other funds, due primarily to size. Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 26 investments
and have invested a total of $313 million. As of September 30, 2016, the fee earning AUM was $236 million. The performance for
Medley SBIC fund as of September 30, 2016 is summarized below: 

Gross Internal Rate of Return (4) :    
        14.5  %  
 
     Net Internal Rate of Return (5) :    
        16.2  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        0.0  %  
 
     Average Recovery:    
        N/A     

Medley Opportunity Fund II LP (MOF II)   

MOF II is a long-dated
private investment fund that we launched in December 2010. MOF II lends to middle market private borrowers, with a focus on providing
senior secured loans. Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 66 investments and have invested a total of $902
million. As of September 30, 2016, the fee earning AUM was $416 million. MOF II is currently fully invested and actively managing
its assets. The performance for MOF II as of September 30, 2016 is summarized below: 

Gross Internal Rate of Return (4) :    
        11.4  %  
 
     Net Internal Rate of Return (6) :    
        6.8  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        1.3  %  
 
     Average Recovery (3) :    
        NM     

Medley Opportunity Fund III LP (MOF III)    

MOF III is a long-dated
private investment fund that we launched in December 2014. MOF III lends to middle market private borrowers in the U.S., with a
focus on providing senior secured loans. Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 19 investments and have invested
a total of $118 million. As of September 30, 2016, the fee earning AUM was $113 million. The performance for MOF III as of September
30, 2016 is not meaningful given the fund s limited operations and capital invested to date.  

Separately Managed Accounts (SMAs)   

In the case of our
separately managed accounts, the investor, rather than us, may control the assets or investment vehicle that holds or has custody
of the related investments. Certain subsidiaries of Medley LLC serve as the investment adviser for our SMAs. Since inception, we
have provided capital for a total of 87 investments and have invested a total of $618 million. As of September 30, 2016, the fee
earning AUM in our SMAs was $384 million. The aggregate performance of our SMAs as of September 30, 2016 is summarized below: 

Gross Internal Rate of Return (4) :    
        9.5  %  
 
     Net Internal Rate of Return (7) :    
        7.7  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        0.2  %  
 
     Average Recovery (3) :    
        NM     

Medley Credit Opportunity Fund (MCOF)   

We launched MCOF in
July 2016 to meet the current demand for equity capital solutions in the traditional corporate debt-backed collateralized loan
obligation ( CLO ) market. Its investment objective is to generate current income, and also to generate capital appreciation
through investing in CLO equity, as well as, equity and junior debt tranches trading in the secondary market. As of September 30,
2016, the fee earning AUM was $15 million. The performance of MCOF as of September 30, 2016 is not meaningful given the fund s
limited operations and capital invested to date. 

(1)    Annualized Net Total Return for SIC represents the annualized return assuming an investment at
the initial public offering price, reinvestments of all dividends and distributions at prices obtained under SIC s dividend
reinvestment plan and selling at the NAV as of the measurement date.   

(2)    Annualized Net Total Return for MCC, including Medley SBIC, represents the annualized return assuming
an investment at the initial public offering price, reinvestments of all dividends and distributions at prices obtained under MCC's
dividend reinvestment plan and selling at NAV as of the measurement date.   

(3)    Average Recovery includes only those realized investments in which we experience a loss of principal
on a cumulative cash flow basis and is calculated by dividing the total actual cash inflows for each respective investment, including
all interest, principal and fee note repayments, dividends and transactions fees, if applicable, by the total actual cash outflows
for each respective investment. For MCC, MOF II and the SMAs, we have presented the Average Recovery as  NM  or  Not
Meaningful  because we believe the number of realized losses for each respective vehicle is not sufficient to provide an
accurate representation of the expected Average Recovery for each vehicle.   

(4)    For MOF II, SMAs and Medley SBIC, the Gross Internal Rate of Return represents the cumulative investment
performance from inception of each respective fund through September 30, 2016. The Gross Internal Rate of Return includes both
realized and unrealized investments and excludes the impact of base management fees, incentive fees and other fund related expenses.
For realized investments, the investment returns were calculated based on the actual cash outflows and inflows for each respective
investment and include all interest, principal and fee note repayments, dividends and transactions fees, if applicable. For unrealized
investments, the investment returns were calculated based on the actual cash outflows and inflows for each respective investment
and include all interest, principal and fee note repayments, dividends and transactions fees, if applicable. The investment return
assumes that the remaining unrealized portion of the investment is realized at the investment s most recent fair value, as
calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. There can be no assurance that the investments will be realized at these fair values and
actual results may differ significantly.   

(5)    Earnings from Medley SBIC are paid to MCC. The Net Internal Rate of Return for Medley SBIC was
calculated based upon i) the actual cash contribution and distributions to/from MCC and Medley SBIC ii) an allocable portion of
MCC s management and incentive fees and general fund related expenses and iii) assumes the NAV as of the measurement date
is distributed to MCC. As of September 30, 2016, Medley SBIC Net Internal Rate of Return as described above assuming only the inclusion
of management fees was 19.4%.   

(6)    Net Internal Rate of Return for MOF II was calculated net of all management fees and carried interest
allocation since inception and was computed based on the actual dates of capital contributions and the ending aggregate partners 
capital at the end of the period.   

(7)    Net Internal Rate of Return for our SMAs was calculated using the Gross Internal Rate of Return,
as described in note 4, and includes the actual management fees, incentive fees and general fund related expenses.   

Results of Operations  

The following table
and discussion sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Medley LLC have been prepared on substantially
the same basis for all historical periods presented. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues   

Management Fees. 
Total management fees decreased by $2.9 million, or 16%, to $15.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Our management fees from permanent capital vehicles decreased by $2.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Management fees from SIC increased by $2.6 million due to an increase
in Part I incentive fees and a 10% increase in fee earning AUM for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
period in 2015. Management fees from MCC decreased by $5.4 million due to a decrease in Part I incentive fees and a 17% decrease
in average fee earning AUM for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.   

Our management fees from long-dated private funds and SMAs decreased by $0.1 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in management
fees, partly offset by an increase in origination fees.   

Performance Fees. 
Performance fees increased to $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of performance
fees of $14.6 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was due to an accrual of SMA performance fees for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of performance fees of MOF II for the three months ended September 30, 2015, as
a result of a decline in the underlying fund values. 

Other Revenues and
Fees.  Other revenues and fees increased by $0.3 million, or 15%, to $2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in administrative fees from our permanent capital
vehicles for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

Expenses   

Compensation and
Benefits.  Compensation and benefits increased by $1.1 million, or 18% to $7.0 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in base salaries, stock compensation
incurred with the grant of restricted stock units during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and discretionary compensation.  

Performance Fee
Compensation.  Performance fee compensation expense reversal decreased to $0.2 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to an expense reversal of $3.7 million for the same period in 2015. The variance in performance fee compensation
was due primarily to a decrease in reversals of performance fee compensation. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, our
performance fee compensation payable decreased due to a decrease in the projected future payments. 

General, Administrative
and Other Expenses . General, administrative and other expenses increased by $7.2 million to $8.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in expense support
agreement expenses related to SIC. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Dividend income increased
by $0.1 million to $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase
was due to dividend income from our investment in available-for-sale securities which were acquired during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Interest expense increased
by $0.3 million, or 12%, to $2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The
increase was primarily due to an acceleration of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount relating to prepayments made
on our Term Loan Facility as a result of the refinancing of our indebtedness from the issuance of 6.875% senior notes due 2026
(the  Senior Unsecured Debt ). Average debt outstanding during each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was $105.8 million. 

Other income, net increased
by $0.9 million to $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase
was due primarily to an unrealized gain associated with our shares held in SIC. 

Provision for Income Taxes   

Our effective income
tax rate was 12.4% and 5.1% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our tax rate is affected by recurring
items, such as permanent differences and income allocated to certain non-controlling interests which are not subject to New York
City unincorporated business tax. It is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year, but are not consistent
from year to year. At the end of each interim period, we estimate the annual effective tax rate and apply that rate to our ordinary
quarterly earnings. The increase in the effective rate during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015 is attributed to the impact of discrete items during the period. 

Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests
and Non-Controlling Interests    

Net income attributable
to redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries increased by $2.6 million to
$0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily
to no performance fees being recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of MOF II performance
fees during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues   

Management Fees. 
Total management fees decreased by $6.4 million, or 11%, to $50.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Our management fees from permanent capital vehicles decreased by $4.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Management fees from SIC increased by $7.5 million due to an increase
in Part I incentive fees and an 18% increase in average fee earning AUM for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in 2015. Management fees from MCC decreased by $11.8 million due to a decrease in Part I incentive fees, as a result
of MCC s revised fee structure effective January 1, 2016, and a 15% decrease in average fee earning AUM for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.   

Our management fees from long-dated private funds and SMAs decreased by $2.1 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in origination
fees, partly offset by an increase in base management fees across all funds.   

Performance Fees. 
Performance fees increased to $1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of performance fees
of $10.6 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was due to an increase in SMA performance fees accrual for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of performance fees of MOF II for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
as a result of a decline in the underlying fund values. 

Other Revenues and
Fees.  Other revenues and fees increased by $0.4 million, or 6%, to $5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in administrative fees from our permanent capital
vehicles. 

Expenses   

Compensation and
Benefits.  Compensation and benefits increased by $1.9 million, or 10% to $21.4 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in salaries and discretionary compensation
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that resulted from an increase in headcount.  

Performance Fee
Compensation.  Performance fee compensation expense reversal decreased to $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to an expense reversal of $4.6 million for the same period in 2015. The variance in performance fee compensation
was due primarily to a decrease in reversals of performance fee compensation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our
performance fee compensation payable decreased due to a a decrease in the projected future payments. 

General, Administrative
and Other Expenses . General, administrative and other expenses increased by $14.9 million to $25.7 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in expense support
agreement expenses related to SIC. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Dividend income increased
by $0.1 million to $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase
was due to dividend income from our investment in available-for-sale securities which were acquired during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Interest expense increased
by $0.3 million, or 4%, to $6.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase
was primarily due to an acceleration of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount relating to prepayments made on our Term
Loan Facility as a result of the refinancing of our indebtedness from the issuance of Senior Unsecured Debt. Average debt outstanding
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $105.5 million and $106.1 million, respectively. 

Other expenses, net
increased by $0.5 million to $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The
increase was due primarily to an increase in expense associated with our revenue share payable. 

Provision for Income Taxes    

Our effective income
tax rate was 6.2% and 2.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our tax rate is affected by recurring
items, such as permanent differences and income allocated to certain non-controlling interests which are not subject to New York
City unincorporated business tax. It is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year, but are not consistent
from year to year. At the end of each interim period, we estimate our annual effective tax rate and apply that rate to our ordinary
quarterly earnings. The increase in the effective income tax rate during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the same period in 2015 is attributed to the impact of discrete items during the period. 

Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests
and Non-Controlling Interests    

Net income attributable
to redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries increased by $2.2 million to
$1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to
no performance fees being recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of MOF II performance fees
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Reconciliation of Certain Non-GAAP Performance Measures to
Consolidated U.S. GAAP Financial Measures  

In addition to analyzing
our results on a GAAP basis, management also makes operating decisions and assesses business performance based on the financial
and operating metrics and data that are presented without the impact of the consolidation of any funds. Management believes that
these measures provide analysts, investors and management with helpful information regarding our underlying operating performance
and our business, as they remove the impact of items management believes are not reflective of underlying operating performance.
These non-GAAP measures are also used by management for planning purposes, including the preparation of internal budgets; and for
evaluating the effectiveness of operational strategies. Additionally, we believe these non-GAAP measures provide another tool for
investors to use in comparing our results with other companies in our industry, many of whom use similar non-GAAP measures. There
are limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the use of the most directly comparable U.S.
GAAP financial measure and these measures supplement and should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of the results of
operations discussed below. Furthermore, such measures may be inconsistent with measures presented by other companies. 

Net income attributable
to Medley LLC is the U.S. GAAP financial measure most comparable to Core Net Income or Core EBITDA. The following table is a reconciliation
of net income attributable to Medley LLC on a consolidated basis to Core Net Income and Core EBITDA.  

(1)   Represents a pro-forma adjustment for the amortization of stock-based compensation expenses associated with grants of restricted
stock units at the time of the IPO of Medley Management Inc.   

(2)   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, other non-core items consist of a $0.2 million acceleration
of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount relating to prepayments made on our Term Loan Facility as a result of the refinancing
of our indebtedness from the issuance of Senior Unsecured Debt. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, other non-core items
also include a $0.5 million impairment loss on our investment in CK Pearl Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, other
non-core items consist of a one-time $0.1 million severance cost to former employees.   

Net Income Margin is the U.S. GAAP financial
measure most comparable to Core Net Income Margin. Net Income Margin is equal to Net income attributable to Medley LLC divided
by total revenue. The following table is a reconciliation of Net Income Margin to Core Net Income Margin. 

(1)   Adjustments to Net income attributable to Medley LLC to calculate Core Net Income are presented
as a percentage of total revenue.   

(2)   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, other non-core items consist of a $0.2 million an
acceleration of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount relating to prepayments made on our Term Loan Facility as a result
of the refinancing of our indebtedness from the issuance of Senior Unsecured Debt. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
other non-core items also include a $0.5 million impairment loss on our investment in CK Pearl Fund. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, other non-core items consist of a one-time $0.1 million severance cost to former employees. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our primary cash flow
activities involve: (i) generating cash flow from operations, which largely includes management fees; (ii) funding capital commitments
that we have made to our funds; (iii) making distributions to our owners; and (iv) borrowings, interest payments and repayments
under our debt facilities. As of September 30, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents were $57.0 million. 

Our material sources
of cash from our operations include: (i) management fees, which are collected quarterly; and (ii) performance fees, which can be
less predictable as to amount and timing.. We primarily use cash flows from operations to pay compensation and benefits, general,
administrative and other expenses, debt service, capital expenditures and income and tax distributions to our members. Our cash
flows, together with the proceeds from equity and debt issuances, are also used to fund investments in limited partnerships, fixed
assets and other capital items. If cash flow from operations were insufficient to fund distributions, we expect that we would suspend
paying such distributions. 

Debt Instruments    

Senior Secured Credit Facilities  

On August 14, 2014,
we entered into a $110.0 million senior secured term loan credit facility (as amended, the  Term Loan Facility ) with
Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder, Credit Suisse Securities (USA)
LLC, as bookrunner and lead arranger, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, which will mature on June 15, 2019. 

On May 3, 2016, the
Term Loan Facility was amended to permit us to issue additional indebtedness with proceeds of such indebtedness to be used to prepay
loans outstanding under the Term Loan Facility. The amendment also provided for the creation and funding of certain future funds,
as well as for certain other technical changes to the Term Loan Facility. 

On August 19, 2014,
we entered into a $15.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with City National Bank (as amended, the  Revolving
Credit Facility  and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ), as administrative
agent and collateral agent thereunder, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, which will mature on August 19, 2017, with
a one-year extension at the option of the borrower, provided certain conditions are met. On May 3, 2016, the Revolving Credit Facility
was amended to permit us to issue additional indebtedness. The amendment also provided for the creation and funding of certain
future funds, as well as for certain other technical changes to the Revolving Credit Facility. We intend to use any proceeds of
borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility for general corporate purposes, including funding our working capital needs. We
have not incurred any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility through the date of this filing. 

Medley LLC is the borrower
under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. In addition, the Term Loan Facility also provides us with the option to raise incremental
credit facilities (including an uncommitted incremental facility that provides the borrower the option to increase the amount available
under the Term Loan Credit Facility by an aggregate of up to $15.0 million, subject to additional increases, provided that the
net leverage ratio as of the last day of any four-fiscal quarter period commencing with the four-fiscal quarter period ending December
31, 2014, shall not exceed 2.0 to 1.0). 

Interest Rate and Fees   

Borrowings under the
Term Loan Facility bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) a Eurodollar margin over an adjusted LIBOR rate
(with a  floor  of 1.0%) or (ii) a base rate margin over an adjusted base rate determined by reference to the highest
of (a) the term loan administrative agent s prime rate; (b) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day plus 0.5%;
and (c) an adjusted LIBOR rate plus 1.0%. The applicable margins for the Term Loan Facility are 5.5%, in the case of Eurodollar
loans and 4.5%, in the case of adjusted base rate loans. 

Borrowings under the
Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (1) a Eurodollar margin over an adjusted LIBOR
rate or (2) a base rate margin over an adjusted base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the term loan administrative
agent s prime rate; (b) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day plus 0.5%; and (c) an adjusted LIBOR rate
plus 1.0%. The applicable margins for the Revolving Credit Facility are (i) if the ratio of net debt to Core EBITDA is less than
1.0 to 1.0, 1.5% in the case of adjusted base rate loans, and, in the case of Eurodollar loans, (x) 3.0% until maturity; and (ii)
if the ratio of net debt to Core EBITDA is greater than or equal to 1.0 to 1.0, 2.50% in the case of adjusted base rate loans,
and, in the case of Eurodollar loans, (x) 3.25% until maturity. 

In addition to paying
interest on outstanding principal under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, (i) on the closing date of the Term Loan Facility
we were required to pay commitment fees to the lenders under the Term Loan Facility in an amount equal to 1% of the aggregate amount
of term loans borrowed on the closing date of the Term Loan Facility; and (ii) in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, we
are required to pay an unused line fee of 0.25% per annum of the unused portion of the commitments. 

Prepayments   

The Senior Secured Credit Facilities require
us to prepay outstanding term loans, subject to certain exceptions, with: 

100% of the net cash proceeds (including insurance and condemnation proceeds) of all nonpermitted
asset sales or other dispositions of property by the borrower and its subsidiaries, subject to de minimis thresholds, if those
net cash proceeds are not reinvested in like assets, financial assets, or other financial services investment strategies within
12 months of the receipt of such net cash proceeds;   

100% of the net proceeds of any incurrence of debt by the borrower or any of its restricted subsidiaries,
other than debt permitted to be incurred or issued under the senior secured credit facilities; and   

100% of the amount of any equity contributions made to the borrower for the purpose of causing
the borrowing to be in compliance with the financial maintenance covenant set forth in the Term Loan Facility.   

The foregoing mandatory
prepayments will be applied, first, to the next succeeding four scheduled installments due in respect of the term loans in direct
order of maturity and, thereafter, pro rata to the remaining scheduled installments of the term loans. 

We have the ability
to voluntarily repay outstanding loans at any time without premium or penalty, other than customary  breakage  costs
with respect to LIBOR rate loans and a make-whole premium on voluntary prepayments of term loans on or prior to August 14, 2016
to the extent such prepayments exceed $33.0 million in the aggregate, which make-whole premium will be in an amount equal to the
then present value of the required interest payments not yet made (assuming an interest rate equal to the adjusted LIBOR rate with
a one month interest period made on the date of such prepayment or assignment plus the applicable Eurodollar margin with respect
thereto) on the principal amount of the term loan so prepaid that but for such prepayment would have been payable through June
15, 2019 using a discount rate equal to the treasury rate as of the date of such prepayment or assignment plus 50 basis points. 

In October 2014, we
voluntarily prepaid $15.0 million of the outstanding term loans under this facility using a portion of the proceeds received from
the IPO of Medley Management Inc. The $15.0 million prepayment was applied against the first quarterly installment which was due
on March 31, 2015, as well as the remaining quarterly installments through June 30, 2017. 

In August 2016, the
Company voluntarily prepaid $23.5 million of outstanding term loans under this facility using the net proceeds from the Senior
Unsecured Debt. The $23.5 million prepayment was applied against the remaining quarterly installments starting June 30, 2017 and
a portion of the Term Loan Facility payable at maturity. 

Amortization   

The Term Loan Facility
requires principal repayments in quarterly installments equal to $1,375,000 (which amount may be adjusted as a result of prepayment
or incremental term loans drawn), with the remaining amount payable on the applicable maturity date with respect to such term loans. 

Guarantees and Collateral   

The obligations under
the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by certain of Medley LLC s subsidiaries,
including Medley Capital LLC, MOF II Management LLC, MOF III Management LLC, Medley SMA Advisors LLC, Medley GP Holdings LLC, and
Medley GP LLC (the  credit agreement guarantors ). In addition, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are collateralized
by first priority or equivalent security interests in (i) all the capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the borrower
and each of the borrower s and credit agreement guarantors  direct or indirect domestic subsidiaries and 65% of the
capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each of the borrower s or any subsidiary guarantors  direct wholly
owned first-tier restricted foreign subsidiaries, and (ii) certain tangible and intangible assets of the borrower and the credit
agreement guarantors (subject to certain exceptions and qualifications). 

None of our non-wholly
owned domestic subsidiaries are obligated to guarantee the Term Loan Facility or Revolving Credit Facility. Such subsidiaries include
MCC Advisors LLC, SIC Advisors LLC, MOF II GP LLC and MOF III GP LLC. 

Certain Covenants and Events of Default   

The Senior Secured
Credit Facilities contain a number of significant affirmative and negative covenants and customary events of default. Such covenants,
among other things, will limit or restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the borrower and its restricted subsidiaries
to: 

incur additional indebtedness, make guarantees and enter into hedging arrangements;   

create liens on assets;   

enter into sale and leaseback transactions;   

engage in mergers or consolidations;   

make fundamental changes;   

pay dividends and distributions or repurchase our capital stock;   

make investments, loans and advances, including acquisitions;   

engage in certain transactions with affiliates;   

make changes in the nature of their business; and   

make prepayments of junior debt.   

In addition, the credit
agreements governing our Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain a financial covenant that requires us to maintain, with respect
to each four quarter period, a ratio of net debt to Core EBITDA not greater than 3.5 to 1.0. The ratio of net debt to Core EBITDA
in respect of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities is calculated using our financial results and includes the adjustments made
to calculate Core EBITDA.  

Our Senior Secured
Credit Facilities contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default. If an
event of default occurs, the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities will be entitled to take various actions, including
the acceleration of amounts due under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. 

Senior Unsecured Debt   

On August 9, 2016,
Medley LLC completed a registered public offering of $25.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior notes due 2026
at a public offering price of 100% of the principal amount. The notes mature on August 15, 2026 and interest is payable quarterly
commencing on November 15, 2016. The Senior Unsecured Debt is subject to redemption in whole or in part at any time or from time
to time, at the option of the Company, on or after August 15, 2019 at a redemption price per security equal to 100% of the outstanding
principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable for the then current quarterly interest period
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. The Senior Unsecured Debt is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and
trade thereon under the trading symbol  MDLX.  As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding debt under the Senior Unsecured
Debt amounted to $23.4 million, which is reflected net of debt issuance costs of $1.6 million. Debt issuance costs under the Senior
Unsecured Debt are being accreted, using the effective interest method, over the term of the Senior Unsecured Debt. Total interest
expense under the Senior Unsecured Debt, including amortization of debt issuance costs, was $0.3 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016. Net proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Unsecured Debt were used to repay a portion of the
outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility. The fair value of the outstanding balance of Senior Unsecured Debt was $24.6
million as of September 30, 2016. 

Non-Recourse Promissory Notes  

In April 2012, we borrowed
$5.0 million under a non-recourse promissory note with a foundation, and $5.0 million under a non-recourse promissory note with
a trust. Proceeds from the borrowings were used to purchase 1,108,033 shares of common stock of SIC, which were pledged as collateral
for the obligations. Interest on the notes is paid monthly and is equal to the dividends received by us related to the pledged
shares. We may prepay the notes in whole or in part at any time without penalty. The notes are scheduled to mature in March 2019.
The proceeds from the notes were recorded net of issuance costs of $3.8 million and are being accrued, using the effective interest
method, over the term of the non-recourse promissory notes. 

Notes Payable  

In March 2014, we issued
a promissory note in the amount of $2.5 million to a former Medley member in connection with the purchase of his membership interests.
The promissory note carried no interest, had quarterly amortization payments of $0.3 million and matured in March 2016. As of December
31, 2015, $0.3 million was outstanding in respect of this note. 

Cash Flows   

The significant captions
and amounts from our consolidated financial statements are summarized below. Negative amounts represent a net outflow, or use of
cash. 

Operating Activities    

Our net cash flow provided
by operating activities was $8.8 million and $15.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net cash flow provided by operating activities was due to net income of
$3.3 million and $18.5 million, respectively, non-cash adjustments of $4.3 million and $15.5 million, respectively, and changes
in operating assets and liabilities of $1.1 million and $(18.3) million, respectively. 

Investing Activities   

Our investing activities
generally reflect cash used for acquisitions of fixed assets, distributions received from our equity method investments and, in
2016, purchases of available-for-sale securities. Purchases of fixed assets were $1.9 million and $0.1 million, respectively, for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Distributions received from equity method investments were $1.1 million and
$0.2 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Purchases of available-for-sale securities were $8.8
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no purchases of available-for-sale securities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 

Financing Activities   

Distributions to members
and redeemable non-controlling interests are presented as a use of cash from financing activities and were $23.6 million and $36.0
million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Capital contributions from non-controlling interests
and redeemable non-controlling interests resulted in an inflow of cash of $12.0 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016. Repurchases of LLC Units represented a use of cash from financing activities of $1.2 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. There were no repurchases of LLC Units or capital contributions for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

On August 9, 2016,
we completed our registered public offering of Senior Unsecured Debt. The proceeds from the offering, net of offering expenses
payable by us, amounted to $24.2 million. The net proceeds from the offering were used to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness
under the Term Loan Facility. Repayments of debt obligations resulted in an outflow of cash of $23.8 million and $0.9 million,
respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Sources and Uses of Liquidity   

Our sources of liquidity
are (i) cash on hand, (ii) net working capital, (iii) cash flows from operations, including performance fees, (iv) realizations
on our investments, (v) net proceeds from borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and issuances of publicly-registered
debt and (vi) other potential financings. We believe that these sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund our working capital
requirements and to meet our commitments in the foreseeable future. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will be comprised
of cash to (i) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing investment management business, (ii) fund our commitments
to funds that we advise, (iii) provide capital to facilitate our expansion into business that are complementary to our existing
investment management business, (iv) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees, (v) fund capital expenditures,
(vi) pay income taxes, and (vii) make distributions to our unitholders. 

We intend to use a
portion of our available liquidity to fund cash distributions to our unitholders on a quarterly basis. Our ability to fund cash
distributions to our unitholders is dependent on a myriad of factors, including among others: general economic and business conditions;
our strategic plans and prospects; our business and investment opportunities; timing of capital calls by our funds in support of
our commitments; our financial condition and operating results; working capital requirements and other anticipated cash needs;
contractual restrictions and obligations; legal, tax and regulatory restrictions; restrictions on the payment of distributions
by our subsidiaries to us; and other relevant factors. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

We prepare our condensed
consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make
assumptions, estimates or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated
financial statements. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances. These assumptions, estimates or judgments, however, are both subjective and subject to change, and actual
results may differ from our assumptions and estimates. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions
are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following critical
accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates
or judgments. See Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included in this Form 10-Q for a summary of our significant accounting policies. 

Principles of Consolidation    

In accordance with
ASC 810,  Consolidation , we consolidate those entities where we have a direct and indirect controlling financial interest
based on either a variable interest model or voting interest model. As such, we consolidate entities that we conclude are VIEs,
for which we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary and entities in which we hold a majority voting interest or have majority
ownership and control over the operational, financial and investing decisions of that entity. 

In February 2015, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810)   Amendments to
the Consolidation Analysis,  which changes the consolidation analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether
it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. We elected to early adopt this new guidance using the modified retrospective
method effective January 1, 2015. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2015-02, we determined that we are no longer the primary beneficiary
of the funds. Therefore, we deconsolidated certain funds that had been previously consolidated under previous guidance effective
January 1, 2015. Restatement of periods prior to January 1, 2015 was not required. 

For legal entities
evaluated for consolidation, we must determine whether the interests that it holds and fees paid to it qualify as a variable interest
in an entity. This includes an evaluation of the management fees and performance fees paid to us when acting as a decision maker
or service provider to the entity being evaluated. Under the new guidance, (1) fees received by us that are customary and commensurate
with the level of services provided, and (2) we don t hold other economic interests in the entity that would absorb more
than an insignificant amount of the expected losses or returns of the entity, would not be considered a variable interest. We factor
in all economic interests including proportionate interests through related parties, to determine if fees are considered a variable
interest. Prior to the adoption of the new consolidation guidance, these fees were considered variable interests by us. 

An entity in which
we hold a variable interest is a VIE if any one of the following conditions exist: (a) the total equity investment at risk is not
sufficient to permit the legal entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, (b) the holders
of equity investment at risk have the right to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the legal entity s
economic performance, (c) the voting rights of some investors are disproportionate to their obligation to absorb losses or rights
to receive returns from a legal entity. Under the new guidance, for limited partnerships and other similar entities, non-controlling
investors must have substantive rights to either dissolve the fund or remove the general partner ( kick-out rights )
in order to qualify as a VIE. 

For those entities
that qualify as a VIE, the primary beneficiary is generally defined as the party who has a controlling financial interest in the
VIE. We are generally deemed to have a controlling financial interest if we have (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE
that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and (b) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits
from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE at
the time we become initially involved with the VIE and we reconsider that conclusion continuously. The primary beneficiary evaluation
is generally performed qualitatively on the basis of all facts and circumstances. However, quantitative information may also be
considered in the analysis, as appropriate. These assessments require judgments. Each entity is assessed for consolidation on a
case-by-case basis.  

For those entities
evaluated under the voting interest model, we consolidate the entity if we have a controlling financial interest. We have a controlling
financial interest in a voting interest entity ( VOE ) if we own a majority voting interest in the entity. Prior to
the new guidance, we consolidated VOE s where we were the general partner and as such, were presumed to have control. 

Performance Fees   

Performance fees are
based on certain specific hurdle rates as defined in the funds  applicable investment management or partnership agreements.
Performance fees are recorded on an accrual basis to the extent such amounts are contractually due. 

We have elected to
adopt Method 2 of ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition , for revenue based on a formula. Under this method, we are entitled to performance-based
fees that can amount to as much as 20.0% of a fund's profits, subject to certain hurdles. Performance-based fees are assessed as
a percentage of the investment performance of the funds. The performance fee for any period is based upon an assumed liquidation
of the fund's net assets on the reporting date, and distribution of the net proceeds in accordance with the fund 's income allocation
provisions. The performance fees may be subject to reversal to the extent that the performance fees recorded exceeds the amount
due to the general partner or investment manager based on a fund's cumulative investment returns. 

Performance fees receivable
is presented separately in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of financial condition included in this Form 10-Q and
represents performance fees recognized but not yet collected. The timing of the payment of performance fees due to the general
partner or investment manager varies depending on the terms of the applicable fund agreements. 

If applicable, we record
an accrual for the potential repayment of previously received performance fees which represents amounts that would need to be repaid
to the underlying funds if these funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds  investments
as of the reporting date. Our actual obligation, however, would not become payable or realized until the end of a fund s
life. 

Performance Fee Compensation Payable   

We have an obligation
to pay our professionals a portion of the performance fees earned from certain funds. These amounts are accounted for as compensation
expense in conjunction with the recognition of the related performance fee revenue and, until paid, are recognized as performance
fee compensation payable. Performance fee compensation is recognized in the same period that the related performance fees are recognized.
Performance fee compensation can be reversed during periods when there is a decline in performance fees that were previously recognized. 

Income Taxes   

We are treated as a
partnership for income tax purposes and are therefore not subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income taxes. We are
subject to New York City unincorporated business tax attributable to taxable income allocable to New York City. 

We account for income
taxes using the asset and liability approach, which requires the recognition of tax benefits or expenses for temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. We also recognize a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions
only if it is  more likely than not  that the position is sustainable based on its technical merits. Our policy is
to recognize interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions and other tax matters as a component of income tax expense. For
interim periods, we account for income taxes based on its estimate of the effective tax rate for the year. Discrete items and changes
in its estimate of the annual effective tax rate are recorded in the period they occur. 

We analyze our tax
filing positions in all of the U.S. federal, state and local tax jurisdictions where we are required to file income tax returns,
as well as for all open tax years in these jurisdictions. If, based on this analysis, we determine that uncertainties in tax positions
exist, a liability is established. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Information regarding
recent accounting pronouncements and their impact on us can be found in Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, 
to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In the normal course
of business, we may engage in off-balance sheet arrangements, including transactions in guarantees, commitments, indemnifications
and potential contingent repayment obligations. 

See Note 9,  Commitments
and Contingencies,  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q for a discussion
of our commitments and contingencies. 

Contractual Obligations  

The following table
sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016. 

(1)  We lease office space in New York and San Francisco under non-cancelable lease agreements. In August
2015, the Company signed a new lease for its office space in New York City. The Company s obligations under the current terms
of these leases extend through September 2023. The amounts in this table represent the minimum lease payments required over the
term of the lease, and include operating leases for office equipment.   

(2)  We have included all loans described in Note 6,  Loans Payable,  and Note 7,  Senior
Unsecured Debt,  to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q.   

(3)  Our future interest obligations on debt outstanding assume an interest rate of 6.5% on our Term
Loan balance and an interest of 6.875% on our Senior Unsecured Debt balance.   

(4)  Represents equity commitments by us to certain long-dated private funds managed by us. These amounts
are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category.   

Indemnifications  

In the normal course
of business, we enter into contracts that contain indemnities for our affiliates, persons acting on our behalf or such affiliates
and third parties. The terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the maximum exposure under these arrangements,
if any, cannot be determined and has neither been recorded in our consolidated financial statements. As of September 30, 2016,
we have not had prior claims or losses pursuant to these contracts and expect the risk of loss to be remote. 

Contingent Obligations  

The partnership documents
governing our funds generally include a clawback provision that, if triggered, may give rise to a contingent obligation that may
require the general partner to return amounts to the fund for distribution to investors. Therefore, performance fee revenue, generally,
is subject to reversal in the event that the funds incur future losses. These losses are limited to the extent of the cumulative
performance fee revenue recognized in income to date, net of a portion of taxes paid. Due in part to our investment performance
and the fact that our performance fee revenue is generally determined on a liquidation basis, as of September 30, 2016, we accrued
$7.1 million for clawback obligations that would need to be paid had the funds been liquidated as of that date. There can be no
assurance that we will not incur additional clawback obligations in the future. If all of the existing investments were valued
at $0, the amount of cumulative performance fee revenue that have been recognized would be reversed. We believe that the possibility
of all of the existing investments becoming worthless is remote. At September 30, 2016, had we assumed all existing investments
were valued at $0, the net amount of performance fee revenue subject to additional reversal would have been approximately $4.2
million. 

Performance fee revenue
is also affected by changes in the fair values of the underlying investments in the funds that we advise. Valuations, on an unrealized
basis, can be significantly affected by a variety of external factors including, but not limited to, bond yields and industry trading
multiples. Under the governing agreements of certain of our funds, we may have to fund additional amounts on account of clawback
obligations beyond what we received in performance fee compensation on account of distributions of performance fee payments made
to current or former professionals from such funds if they do not fund their respective shares of such clawback obligations. We
will generally retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those carried interest
recipients who fail to fund their obligations. 

Additionally, at the
end of the life of the funds, there could be a payment due to a fund by us if we have recognized more performance fee revenue than
was ultimately earned. The general partner obligation amount, if any, will depend on final realized values of investments at the
end of the life of the fund. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

Our primary exposure
to market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment adviser to our investment funds and the sensitivity to movements
in the fair value of their investments, including the effect on management fees, performance fees and investment income. 

The market price
of investments may significantly fluctuate during the period of investment. Investments may decline in value due to factors affecting
securities markets generally or particular industries represented in the securities markets. The value of an investment may decline
due to general market conditions which are not specifically related to such investment, such as real or perceived adverse economic
conditions, changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings, changes in interest or currency rates or adverse investor sentiment
generally. They may also decline due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as labor shortages or increased
production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 

Effect on Management Fees   

Management fees are
generally based on a defined percentage of gross asset values, total committed capital, net invested capital and NAV of the investment
funds managed by us as well as a percentage of net interest income over a performance hurdle. Management fees calculated based
on fair value of assets or net investment income are affected by short-term changes in market values. 

The overall impact of
a short-term change in market value may be mitigated by fee definitions that are not based on market value including invested capital
and committed capital, market value definitions that exclude the impact of realized and/or unrealized gains and losses, market
value definitions based on beginning of the period values or a form of average market value including daily, monthly or quarterly
averages, as well as monthly or quarterly payment terms. 

As such, based on an
incremental 10% short-term increase in fair value of the investments in our permanent capital vehicles, long-dated private funds
and SMAs  as of September 30, 2016, we calculated a $0.8 million increase in management fees for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016. In the case of a 10% short-term decline in fair value of the investments in our permanent capital, long-dated
funds and SMAs  as of September 30, 2016, we calculated a $1.0 million decrease in management fees for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016. 

Effect on Performance Fees   

Performance fees are
based on certain specific hurdle rates as defined in the funds' applicable investment management or partnership agreements. The
performance fees for any period are based upon an assumed liquidation of the fund's net assets on the reporting date, and distribution
of the net proceeds in accordance with the fund's income allocation provisions, which can result in a performance-based fee to
us, subject to certain hurdles and benchmarks. The performance fees may be subject to reversal to the extent that the performance
fees recorded exceed the amount due to the general partner or investment manager based on a fund's cumulative investment returns. 

Short-term changes in
the fair values of funds' investments may materially impact accrued performance fees depending on the respective funds' performance
relative to applicable hurdles. The overall impact of a short-term change in market value may be mitigated by a number of factors
including, but not limited to, the way in which carried interest performance fees are calculated, which is not ultimately dependent
on short-term moves in fair market value, but rather realize cumulative performance of the investments through the end of the long-dated
private funds and SMAs  lives. However, short-term moves can meaningfully impact our ability to accrue performance fees and
receive cash payments in any given period. 

As such, based on an
incremental 10% short-term increase in fair value of the investments in our long-dated private funds and SMAs  as of September
30, 2016, we calculated a $34.5 million and $34.3 million increase in performance fees for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively. In the case of a 10% short-term decline in fair value of investments in our long-dated private funds and
SMAs  as of September 30, 2016, we calculated a $2.4 million and $3.1 million decrease in performance fees for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Effect on Part I and Part II Incentive
Fees   

Incentive fees are based
on certain specific hurdle rates as defined in our permanent capital vehicles' applicable investment management agreements. The
Part II incentive fees are based upon realized gains netted against cumulative realized and unrealized losses. The Part I incentive
fees are not subject to clawbacks as our carried interest performance fees are. 

Short-term changes
in the fair values of the investments of our permanent capital vehicles may materially impact Part II incentive fees depending
on the respective vehicle's performance relative to applicable hurdles to the extent there were realized gains that we would otherwise
earn Part II incentive fees on. 

As such, based on an
incremental 10% short-term increase in fair value of the investments in our permanent capital vehicles as of September 30, 2016,
we calculated a $5.3 million increase in Part I and II incentive fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. In
the case of a 10% short-term decline in fair value of the investments in our permanent capital vehicles as of September 30, 2016,
we calculated a $0.4 million increase in Part I incentive fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Interest Rate Risk   

As of September 30,
2016, we had $101.6 million of debt outstanding, presented as debt obligations on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. The annual interest rate on our Term Loan Facility was 6.50% compared to fixed
rate of 6.875% on our Senior Unsecured Debt as of September 30, 2016. 

Based on the floating
rate component of our loans payable as of September 30, 2016, we estimate that in the event of a change of 100 basis point in interest
rates and the outstanding balance as of September 30, 2016, interest expense related to variable rates would increase or decrease
by 15% or $0.2 million and $0.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

As credit-oriented
investors, we are also subject to interest rate risk through the securities we hold in our funds. A 100 basis point increase in
interest rates would be expected to negatively affect prices of securities that accrue interest income at fixed rates and therefore
negatively impact net change in unrealized appreciation on the funds' investments. The actual impact is dependent on the average
duration of such holdings. Conversely, securities that accrue interest at variable rates would be expected to benefit from a 100
basis points increase in interest rates because these securities would generate higher levels of current income and therefore positively
impact interest and dividend income, subject to LIBOR. In the cases where our funds pay management fees based on NAV, we would
expect management fees to experience a change in direction and magnitude corresponding to that experienced by the underlying portfolios. 

Credit Risk   

We are party to agreements
providing for various financial services and transactions that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties
are unable to meet the terms of such agreements. In such agreements, we depend on the respective counterparty to make payment or
otherwise perform. We generally endeavor to minimize our risk of exposure by limiting to reputable financial institutions the counterparties
with which we enter into financial transactions. In other circumstances, availability of financing from financial institutions
may be uncertain due to market events, and we may not be able to access these financing markets.   

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals
under all potential future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, with the participation of our
Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, and subject
to the foregoing, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period
covered by this report, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives
at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings  

From time to time,
we are involved in various legal proceedings, lawsuits and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our business are also
subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. Except as described below, we are not currently
party to any material legal proceedings. 

MCC Advisors LLC was
named as a defendant in a lawsuit on May 29, 2015, by Moshe Barkat and Modern VideoFilm Holdings, LLC ( MVF Holdings )
against MCC, MOF II, MCC Advisors LLC, Deloitte Transactions and Business Analytics LLP A/K/A Deloitte ERG ( Deloitte ),
Scott Avila ( Avila ), Charles Sweet, and Modern VideoFilm, Inc. ( MVF ). The lawsuit is pending in the
California Superior Court, Los Angeles County, Central District, as Case No. BC 583437. The lawsuit was filed after Medley Capital
Corporation, as agent for the lender group, exercised remedies following a series of defaults by MVF and MVF Holdings on a secured
loan with an outstanding balance at the time in excess of $65 million. The lawsuit sought damages in excess of $100 million. Deloitte
and Avila have settled the claims against them in exchange for payment of $1.5 million. Following a separate lawsuit by Mr. Barkat
against MVF s D O insurance carrier, the carrier, Charles Sweet and MVF have settled the claims against them. On June
6, 2016, the court granted defendants  demurrers on several counts and dismissed Mr. Barkat s claims except with respect
to his claim for intentional interference with contract. MCC and the other defendants continue to dispute the remaining allegations
and are vigorously defending the lawsuit while pursuing affirmative counterclaims against Mr. Barkat and MVF Holdings. On August
29, 2016, MVF Holdings filed another lawsuit in the California Superior Court, Los Angeles County, Central District, as Case No.
BC 631888 (the  Derivative Action ), naming Medley as a defendant, among others. In the Derivative Action, MVF Holdings
reasserts substantially the same claims that were previously asserted in each of their three prior complaints. MVF Holdings claims
for breach of fiduciary duty and related causes of action have already been dismissed by the California Superior Court on several
occasions, most recently, on June 6, 2016, when the Court dismissed those claims with prejudice. Medley and the other defendants
believe the outstanding claims for alleged interference with Mr. Barkat s employment contract, and the other causes of action
asserted in the Derivative Action are without merit and all defendants intend to continue to assert a vigorous defense. 

CK Pearl Fund, Ltd.
and CK Pearl Fund, LP v. Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass
  Company (Cayman); Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass
  Company (Cayman) v. Medley Capital LLC , filed on September 19, 2016, in the Superior Court of New Jersey Law Division:
Essex County, as Docket No. L-5196-15. On September 28, 2016, Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein
Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass   Company (Cayman); Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A. (the  Rothstein
Companies ) notified Medley Capital LLC that they had filed a Third-Party Complaint naming Medley Capital LLC as an additional
defendant in the pending lawsuit between CK Pearl Fund, Ltd. and CK Pearl Fund, LP (the  CK Pearl Funds ) and the Rothstein
Companies. The CK Pearl Funds  lawsuit against Rothstein Kass was commenced on July 23, 2015. Medley Capital LLC was not
named as a defendant in the CK Pearl Funds  lawsuit. In their First Amended Complaint, the CK Pearl Funds alleged that the
Rothstein Companies failed to exercise reasonable care and diligence in conducting audits of the CK Pearl Funds financial statements
from 2008 to 2013. More specifically, the CK Pearl Funds allege that asset valuations prepared by independent third-party valuation
firms and Medley Capital LLC were overstated and the Rothstein Kass Companies should not have issued audit opinions stating that
the CK Pearl Funds  financial statements were fairly presented. The CK Pearl Funds alleged that, as a result, they paid Medley
Capital LLC greater management fees than were otherwise due and that the CK Pearl Funds lost money on follow-on investments that
they otherwise would not have made. The CK Pearl Funds  complaint seeks damages in excess of $125 million. From 2007 through
2014, the CK Pearl Funds were named Medley Opportunity Fund Ltd and Medley Opportunity Fund LP and Medley Capital LLC acted as
investment manager to the CK Pearl Funds. On September 19, 2016, the Rothstein Companies filed an answer denying the CK Pearl Funds 
allegations and a cross-complaint against the CK Pearl Funds and a third-party complaint against Medley Capital LLC. The complaints
filed by the Rothstein Companies allege that the CK Pearl Funds and/or Medley Capital LLC were responsible for valuations and,
if any financial statements or any valuations were overstated, the CK Pearl Funds and/or Medley Capital LLC, not the Rothstein
Companies, were responsible. Medley Capital LLC is demanding indemnification pursuant to its contractual agreements with the CK
Pearl Funds and contribution from both the CK Pearl Funds and their independent directors with respect to the claims asserted by
the Rothstein Companies. Medley Capital LLC disputes the allegations and intends to defend the case vigorously. 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors  

For a discussion of our potential risks
and uncertainties, see the information under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part I., Item 1A. of our Prospectus, which
is accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None. 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not Applicable. 

Item 5.    Other Information  

None. 

Item 6.    Exhibits  

The required exhibits are listed in the
Exhibit Index and are incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

MEDLEY LLC   

(Registrant)  

Date: November 14, 2016 
     By:   
      /s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.   

Richard T. Allorto Jr.  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory)  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit No.  
       
      Description   

3.1 
       
      Certificate of Formation of Medley LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Medley LLC s
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-212514)). 

3.2 
       
     Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Medley LLC, dated as of September 23,
2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medley Management Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36638)
filed on September 29, 2014).  

4.1 
       
     Indenture, dated August 9, 2016, between Medley LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Medley LLC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2016).  

4.2 
       
     First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 9, 2016, between Medley LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of note attached as an exhibit thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Medley LLC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2016).  

4.3 
       
     Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2016, between Medley LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, with the form of note included therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Medley LLC's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2016)  

31.1* 
       
     Certification by Co-Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2* 
       
     Certification by Co-Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.3* 
       
     Certification by Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1* 
       
     Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2* 
       
     Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.3* 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS* 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

* Filed herewith 

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this
report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements
or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties
made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document
and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451033_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Brook Taube, certify that:     

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of Medley LLC;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

By: 
     /s/ Brook Taube  

Brook Taube   

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman   

(Co-Principal Executive Officer)   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451033_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Seth Taube, certify that:     

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of Medley LLC;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

By: 
     /s/ Seth Taube  

Seth Taube   

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman   

(Co-Principal Executive Officer)   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 v451033_ex31-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 31.3  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Richard T. Allorto, Jr., certify that:     

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of Medley LLC;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;    

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

By: 
     /s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.  

Richard T. Allorto, Jr.   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v451033_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY  

  ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Medley LLC (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Brook Taube, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

By: 
     /s/ Brook Taube  

Brook Taube   

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman   

(Co-Principal Executive Officer)   

November 14, 2016 

A signed original of this certification
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v451033_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY  

  ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Medley LLC (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Seth Taube, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

By: 
     /s/ Seth Taube  

Seth Taube   

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman   

(Co-Principal Executive Officer)   

November 14, 2016 

A signed original of this certification
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 v451033_ex32-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

Exhibit 32.3  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY  

  ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Medley LLC (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard T. Allorto, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

By:  
      /s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.   

Richard T. Allorto, Jr.    

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer)    

November 14, 2016 

A signed original of this certification
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 mdlx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mdlx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 mdlx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mdlx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mdlx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mdlx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

