<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161117_10-K_edgar_data_1493594_0001493594-16-000016_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>65849712</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>948347</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>51290428</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4837200</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6240931</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2177703</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>84</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493594-16-000016.hdr.sgml : 20161117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161117164405
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493594-16-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		372
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001493594
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				270306875
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35451
		FILM NUMBER:		162005444

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CHELMSFORD STREET
		CITY:			LOWELL
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01851
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(978) 656-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CHELMSFORD STREET
		CITY:			LOWELL
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01851

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	M/A-COM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100607

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493594-16-000016.txt : 20161117

10-K
 1
 mtsi10-k2016.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-K 

For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from __________to__________ 
  Commission file number:   001-35451 
    
  MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. 
   (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                 Delaware 
    27-0306875 
      (State or other jurisdiction of     incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
                 Title of Each Class 
    Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
      Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
    NASDAQ Global Select Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
    
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
      Yes         No 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 
      Yes         No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
      Yes         No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).           Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.            
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer        
    Accelerated filer       
    Non-accelerated filer     
     Smaller reporting company        

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
      Yes   R   No 
  The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of   April 1, 2016  , the last business day of the registrant's second fiscal quarter, was approximately   $1.3 billion   based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock as of such date as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. For purposes of the foregoing calculations only, shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director of the registrant and their respective affiliates have been excluded, as such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.  This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
    
  The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, as of   November 11, 2016   was   53,689,550  . 
    
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
    
  Part III incorporates certain information by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after the close of the registrant's fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 

MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 
    
  ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                   
    PAGE NO. 
       PART I  

ITEM 1: BUSINESS.  
    4 
       ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS.  
    12 
       ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.  
    31 
       ITEM 2: PROPERTIES.  
    31 
       ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  
    32 
       ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  
    32 

PART II  

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.  
    33 
       ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.  
    34 
       ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  
    37 
       ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  
    45 
       ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.  
    46 
       ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.  
    79 
       ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  
    79 
       ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION.  
    82 

PART III  

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.  
    82 
       ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.  
    82 
       ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.  
    82 
       ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.  
    83 
       ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.  
    83 

PART IV  

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.  
    83 

SIGNATURES  
    87 

2 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
    
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K (Annual Report) contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our business outlook, strategy, plans, expectations, estimates and objectives for future operations, and our future results of operations and financial position.  Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and generally may be identified by terms such as  anticipates,   believes,   could,   continue,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   potential,   predicts,   projects,   seeks,   should,   targets,   will,   would  or similar expressions or variations or the negatives of those terms, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. 
  Although forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management based on what we know at the time they are made, such statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially and adversely from the results and outcomes expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks and uncertainties in  Item 1A - Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Annual Report and the other documents filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  Except as required by law, we have no plans, and undertake no obligation, to revise or update our forward-looking statements to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
  In this document, the words  Company,   we,   our,   us,  and similar terms refer only to MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, and not any other person or entity.  
   MACOM,   M/A-COM,   M/A-COM Technology Solutions,   M/A-COM Tech,   Partners in RF   Microwave  and related logos are trademarks of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. All other brands and names listed are trademarks of their respective owners. 
  
   3 

PART l 
   
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
  Overview 
  We are a leading provider of high-performance analog semiconductor solutions that enable next-generation internet applications, the cloud connected apps economy, and the modern, networked battlefield across the radio frequency (RF), microwave, millimeterwave and photonic spectrum. Our technology enables next-generation radars for air traffic control and weather forecasting, as well as mission success on the modern networked battlefield. We help our customers, including some of the world s leading communications infrastructure, aerospace and defense companies, solve complex challenges in areas including network capacity, signal coverage, energy efficiency and field reliability, utilizing our best-in-class team and broad portfolio of analog RF, microwave, millimeterwave and photonic semiconductor solutions.  
  We design and manufacture differentiated, high-value products for customers who demand high performance, quality and reliability. We offer a broad portfolio of over   4,500   standard and custom devices, which include integrated circuits (IC), multi-chip modules (MCM), power pallets and transistors, diodes, amplifiers, switches and switch limiters, passive and active components and complete subsystems, across more than   40   product lines serving over   6,500   end customers in three primary markets. Our semiconductor products are electronic components that our customers incorporate into their larger electronic systems, such as, point-to-point wireless backhaul radios, high density networks, active antenna arrays, radar, magnetic resonance imaging systems (MRI) and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Our primary markets are: Networks, which includes carrier and enterprise infrastructure, wired broadband and cellular backhaul, cellular infrastructure, photonic solutions and fiber optic applications; Aerospace and Defense (A D), which includes military and commercial radar, RF jammers, electronic countermeasures, and communication data links; and, Multi-market, which includes industrial, medical, test and measurement and scientific applications.    
  We have built upon a 60-year heritage of delivering innovative solutions dating back to the founding of Microwave Associates, Inc. We utilize our system-level knowledge and our extensive capabilities in high-frequency modeling, IC design, integration, packaging and manufacturing of semiconductors to address our customers  needs. Our specialized engineers and technologists located across   17   global design centers collaborate with our customers during the early stage of their system development process to incorporate our standard products and identify custom products we can develop to enhance their overall system performance. We intend to continue to expand our revenue opportunities through our market-facing strategy of aligning our solutions with our customers  needs and collaborating with them during the product definition stage of their systems toward design-in of our products. We believe this approach will allow us to sell more complete semiconductor solutions that integrate more functions and incorporate more highly-valued content into our products. We believe the combination of our market-facing strategy, targeted development projects, our engineering expertise and our fabrication capabilities enables us to identify profitable growth opportunities and rapidly develop and deliver new products and solutions.  
  Many of our products have long life cycles ranging from five to ten years, and some of our products have been shipping for over 20 years. We continue to develop or acquire new products and technologies to improve our ability to serve our target markets.  Our growth strategy is to increase our market share, strengthen our customer relationships and capture more design wins.  As we grow our portfolio and technology base we believe our customers will select more of our components for use in their systems. 
  We believe our  fab-lite  manufacturing model provides us with a competitive advantage and an attractive financial model by allowing us to utilize our variable cost structure and enabling us to adapt to changing market conditions and customer demands. We operate semiconductor fabrication facilities at our Lowell, Massachusetts headquarters and in Ithaca, New York. We manufacture compound semiconductors including Gallium Arsenide (GaAs) and Indium Phosphide (InP), and we are currently in the process of adding Gallium Nitride (GaN) fabrication capacity as well. In the A D market, a domestic fabrication facility may be a requirement to be a strategic supplier, and we believe our status as a  Trusted Foundry  offers us further competitive differentiation. 
  We also utilize external semiconductor foundries to supply us with additional capacity and lower costs, and to provide us access to additional process technologies. The ability to utilize a broad array of internal proprietary process technologies and commercially available foundry technologies allows us to select the most appropriate technology to solve our customers  needs. We believe our fab-lite strategy provides us with dependable domestic supply, control over quality, reduced capital investment requirements, faster time to market and additional outsourced capacity when needed. In addition, the experience base cultivated through the continued operation of our internal fabrication lines provides us with the expertise to better manage our external foundry suppliers. 
  We serve our broad and diverse customer base through a multi-channel sales strategy utilizing our direct sales force, a global network of independent sales representatives, distributors and an e-commerce channel. Our direct sales force and application engineers are focused on securing design wins by supporting industry-leading original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers. Our external sales representatives, distributors and our e-commerce channel are focused on increasing our design wins with smaller or emerging customers early in their new product development efforts. 
  Our Markets   Products 
  The growth of advanced electronic systems using analog RF, microwave, millimeterwave and photonic semiconductor technologies has created demand for high-performance analog semiconductor components, modules and solutions. The terms RF, microwave and millimeterwave are used to refer to electromagnetic waves in a particular frequency range produced by applying an alternating current  
  
   4 

to an antenna or conductor. A wide variety of advanced electronic systems rely on electromagnetic waves for high-speed data transmission or reception. We offer high-performance analog semiconductor products for both wireless and wireline applications across the frequency spectrum from RF to millimeterwave and beyond through photonics. We develop high-value products to serve our customers in   three   primary markets including Networks, A D and Multi-market. 
  The market demand for high-performance analog RF, microwave, millimeterwave, and photonic semiconductors is driven by the growth of mobile Internet devices, cloud computing and streaming video that strain existing network capacity, as well as the growth in advanced information-centric military applications. In addition, the increasing need for real-time information, sensing and imaging functions in industrial, medical, scientific and test and measurement applications is driving demand for our products. 
  Networks  . Growth in the Networks market is driven by the proliferation of wireless and wired devices from smartphones and tablets to data centers, as well as the data rich applications and services they enable such as mobile Internet, cloud computing, video-on-demand, social media, global positioning functionality and location based services. Growth in global next-generation Internet and Internet of Things (IoT) applications drives demand for communications infrastructure equipment requiring amplifiers, filters, receivers, switches, synthesizers, transformers, upconverters and other components to expand and upgrade cellular backhaul, cellular infrastructure, wired broadband and fiber optic networks. Semiconductor products and solutions must continually deliver greater bandwidth and functionality as the demands of our customers and end users increase. 
  In December 2014, we completed the acquisition of BinOptics Corporation (BinOptics), a leading merchant provider of InP lasers for data centers, mobile backhaul, silicon photonics and access networks (BinOptics Acquisition). With this acquisition, we have broadened our position in the growing optical component market and expanded our growth opportunities in data center networks, including silicon photonics applications. This transaction expands our optical portfolio with differentiated edge-emitting and surface-emitting Fabry Perot and Distributed Feedback lasers, incorporating proprietary and patented Etched Facet Technology (EFT) for lasers that enables wafer-scale economics in both device manufacturing and testing. 
  In December 2015, we completed the acquisition of FiBest Limited (FiBest) a Japan-based merchant market component supplier of optical sub-assemblies (FiBest Acquisition). We acquired FiBest to expand our position in optical networking components. The operations of FiBest are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
  Our expertise in system-level architectures and advanced IC design capability allow us to offer Networks OEM customers highly-integrated solutions optimized for performance and cost. Our portfolio of opto-electronics products includes lasers, clock and data recovery, optical post amplifiers, laser and modulator drivers, transimpedance amplifiers, transmitter and receiver applications in 2.5/6/10/40/100/400 gigabits per second (Gbps) long haul, metro, data center links and fiber-to-the-X (FTTx) fiber optic network components that enable telecommunications carriers and data centers to cost-efficiently increase their network capacity by a factor of four to ten times over earlier generation solutions. We match our opto-electronic components to various lasers enabling our customers to buy more complete solutions for their opto-electronic systems. For optical communications applications, we utilize a proprietary combination of GaAs, InP, and Silicon Germanium (SiGe) technologies to obtain advantages in performance and size. For wired broadband applications, we offer OEM customers the opportunity to streamline their supply chain through our broad catalog of active components such as active splitters, amplifiers, multi-function ICs and switches, as well as passive components such as transformers, diplexers, filters, power dividers, and combiners. 
  Aerospace   Defense  . In the A D market, military applications require more advanced electronic systems, such as radar warning receivers, communications data links and tactical radios, UAVs, RF jammers, electronic countermeasures, and smart munitions. Military applications are becoming more sophisticated, favoring higher performance semiconductor ICs based on GaAs and GaN technologies due to their high power density, improved power efficiency, and broadband capability. Radar systems for mapping and targeting missions are undergoing a major transition from existing mechanically-scanned radar products to a next-generation of active electronically-scanned array (AESA) based products. Consisting of hundreds or thousands of transmit/receive modules commonly based on GaAs and GaN technologies, AESAs deliver greater speed, range, resolution and reliability over mechanically-scanned radar products that utilize a single transmitter and receiver with mechanical steering. Military communications employing wireless infrastructure and tactical radios in the field remain critical for allowing geographically dispersed operators to exchange information quickly and efficiently.  UAVs and their underlying semiconductor content require innovative designs to meet rigorous specifications for high performance, small size and low power consumption. 
  In December 2015, we acquired Aeroflex/Metelics, Inc. (Metelics), a diode supplier, in order to expand our existing diode product lines (Metelics Acquisition). The operations of Metelics are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition through our fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  We believe our in-depth knowledge of critical radar system requirements, integration expertise and track record of reliability make us a valued resource for our A D customers faced with demanding application parameters. Further, we have been accredited by the United States Department of Defense with  Trusted Foundry  status, a designation conferred on microelectronics vendors exhibiting the highest levels of process integrity and protection, which we believe differentiates us as a trusted manufacturer of ICs for U.S. military and aerospace applications. For radar applications, we offer standard and custom power transistor pallets, discrete components, switch limiters, phase shifters and integrated modules for transmit and receive functions in air traffic control, marine, weather, and military radar applications. For military communications data link and tactical radio applications, we offer a family of active, passive and discrete  
  
   5 

products, such as Monolithic Microwave Integrated Circuits (MMICs), control components, voltage-controlled oscillators (VCOs), transformers, power transistors and pallets, and diodes. In some cases, we design parts specifically for these applications, while in others, our reputation for quality and our broad catalog allows these demanding customers to reduce the cost of their high-performance systems by designing in standard dual-use or commercial off-the-shelf parts that we have developed for other applications. We believe manufacturing many of these products in our Lowell, Massachusetts Trusted Foundry offers us a competitive advantage in the A D market because of certain A D customers  requirements for a domestic supply chain. 
  Multi-market  . Multi-market encompasses industrial, medical, test and measurement and scientific applications, where analog RF, microwave and millimeterwave semiconductor solutions are gaining prevalence. In addition, evolving medical technology has increased the need for high-performance MMICs and other semiconductor solutions in medical imaging and patient monitoring to provide enhanced analysis and functionality. 
  In the medical industry, our custom designed non-magnetic diode product line is a critical component for certain MRI applications. For sensing and test and measurement applications, we believe our patented Heterolithic Microwave Integrated Circuit (HMIC) process is ideal for high-performance, integrated bias networks and switches. Our catalog of general purpose GaAs ICs includes low noise amplifiers, switches and power amplifiers that address a wide range of applications such as industrial automation systems to test and measurement equipment. 
  To address our target markets, we offer a broad range of standard and custom ICs, modules and complete subsystems across approximately   40   product lines. Our product catalog currently consists of more than   4,500   products including the following key product platforms: power pallets and transistors, ICs, diodes, switches and switch limiters, passive and active components, MCMs, and complete subsystems. Many of our product platforms are leveraged across multiple markets and applications. For example, our application expertise with regard to power transistor technology is leveraged across both scientific laboratory equipment applications and commercial and defense radar system applications. Our diode technology is used in switch filter banks of military tactical radios as well as medical imaging MRI systems.  The table below presents the major product families and major applications in our primary target markets. 
  
   6 

TARGET MARKET 
    MAJOR PRODUCT FAMILIES 
    MAJOR APPLICATIONS 
      Networks 
    Active Splitters 
    2G/3G/4G Wireless Base Stations 
        
    Amplifiers 
    40/100G Fiber Optics 
        
    Attenuators 
    Broadcast Video 
        
    Clock and Data Recovery 
    CATV Infrastructure 
        
    Crosspoint Switches 
    Enterprise Routing and Switching 
        
    Carrier Convergence Processors 
    GPON/FTTX 
        
    Enterprise Voice   Data Processors 
    Hybrid PBX 
        
    Filters/Diplexers 
    IP PBX 
        
    Laser Drivers 
    Optical Transport Networks 
        
    Modulator Driver Amplifiers 
    Point-to-Point Wireless Backhaul 
        
    Post Amplifiers 
    Session Border Controller 
        
    SDI Cable Drivers 
    Set Top Boxes 
        
    SDI Equalizers  
    Unified Communication 
        
    SDI Reclockers 
    Wireless Trunk Gateway 
        
    Signal Conditioners 
    Wireline Access Gateway 
        
    Switches 
    Wireline Trunk Gateway 
        
    Transformers/Baluns 

Transimpedance Amplifiers 

Upconverters/Downconverters 

VoIP Processors 

Voltage Controlled Oscillators 

Lasers 

Optical Sub-Assemblies (OSA) 

Aerospace and Defense 
    Amplifiers 
    Air Traffic Control Radar 
        
    Attenuators 
    Weather Radar 
        
    Components 
    Public Safety Radios 
        
    Diodes 
    Tactical   Manpack Radios 
        
    Power Transistors   Modules 
    Satellite Communications 
        
    Mixers 
    Military Communications 
        
    Phase Shifters 
    Military Radar 
        
    Switch Limiters 

Voltage Control Oscillators 

High Reliability Screening 

Multi-Market 
    Amplifiers 
    Industrial 
        
    Attenuators 
    Medical 
        
    Couplers 
    Scientific 
        
    Diodes 
    Test   Measurement 
        
    Logic Drivers 

Mixers 

Power Detectors 

Power Transistors 

Switches 

Transceivers 

Voltage Control Oscillators 

We believe the combination of our market-facing strategy and our engineering expertise enables us to identify profitable growth opportunities and rapidly develop and deliver new products and solutions complemented by strategic acquisitions. Many of our products have long lifecycles ranging from five to ten years, and some of our products have been shipping for over 20 years. Our goal is to strengthen customer relationships and capture design wins with customers that allow us to be a supplier of components used in their systems. 
  
   7 

Research and Development 
  Our research and development efforts are directed toward the rapid development of new and innovative products and solutions, process technologies and packaging techniques. The interaction of semiconductor process technology, circuit design technology and packaging technology defines the performance parameters and the customers  acceptance of our products. We believe our core competency is the ability to model, design, integrate, package and manufacture differentiated solutions. We leverage this core competency to solve difficult and complex challenges that our customers face during their system design phases. We believe our integrated and customized solutions offer customers high performance, quality, reliability and faster time to market. 
  Circuit design and device modeling expertise  . Our engineers are experts in the design of circuits capable of reliable, high-performance analog RF, microwave, millimeterwave and photonic signal conditioning. Our staff has decades of experience in solving complex design challenges in applications involving high frequency, high power and environmentally-rugged operating conditions. We also develop proprietary device and electro-magnetic modeling techniques that our engineers use to generate predictive models prior to fabrication. Our predictive modeling expertise allows us to achieve faster design cycle times resulting in shorter time to market for our products. 
  Semiconductor process technology  . We leverage our domestic semiconductor wafer fabrication capabilities and our foundry suppliers to offer customers the right process technology to meet their particular requirements. Depending on the requirements for the application, our semiconductor products may be designed using an internally developed or externally sourced process technology. 
  Packaging expertise  . Our extensive packaging expertise enables us to model the interaction between the semiconductor and its package.  Our engineers make adjustments in the design of both the semiconductor and the package, to take account of that interaction. We offer products in a variety of different package types for specific applications, including plastic over-molded, ceramic and laminate-based packaging. 
  We continue to invest in proprietary processes to enable us to develop and manufacture high-value solutions. For example, we have developed innovative, patented technologies such as HMIC, which provides high integration, high power and low loss switching capabilities for our primary markets. This technology replaces mechanical switches for very high power applications such as wireless base stations.  
  Our engineers  radar, optical and microwave system-level design expertise allows us to offer differentiated solutions that leverage multiple process technologies and are integrated into a single, higher-level assembly, thereby delivering our customers enhanced functionality. 
  Research and development expenses were   $107.7 million  ,   $82.2 million   and   $71.4 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. We anticipate that we will continue to make significant research and development expenditures in order to drive future new product and process introductions and maintain our competitive position.  
  Sales and Marketing 
  We employ a global multi-channel sales strategy and support model intended to facilitate our customers  evaluations and selections of our products. We sell through our direct sales force, our application engineering staff, our global network of independent sales representatives, resellers and distributors, as well as an e-commerce channel. We have strategically positioned our direct sales and applications engineering staff in   35   locations worldwide, augmented by independent sales representatives and distributors with additional domestic and foreign locations to offer responsive local support resources to our customers and to build long-term relationships. Our application engineers visit customers at their engineering and manufacturing facilities, aid them in understanding our capabilities and collaborate with them to deliver products that can optimize their system performance. Our global independent sales representatives and distributor network allow us to extend our sales capabilities to new customers in new geographies more cost effectively than using our direct sales force alone. 
  Our products are principally sold in Asia, the U.S. and Europe, which is where we concentrate our direct sales force, application engineering staff, independent sales representatives and distributors. Sales to our distributors accounted for   13.2%  ,   20.7%  , and   22.0%   of our revenue in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. Our agreements with sales representatives, resellers and distributors may provide for an initial term of one or more years with the opportunity for subsequent renewals or for an indefinite term, and also typically provide that either party may terminate the agreement for convenience with a minimum period of prior notice to the other party, usually between 30 and 90 days. 
  Our sales efforts are focused on the needs of our customers in our   three   primary markets rather than on particular product lines, facilitating product cross-selling across end markets, and within key accounts. Through our website, customers can order online, request samples and access our product selection guides, detailed product brochures and data sheets, application notes, suggested design block diagrams and test fixture information, technical articles and information regarding quality and reliability. 
  
   8 

Customers 
  Our customer base is diversified and includes OEM customers, contract manufacturers, resellers and distributors.  For fiscal year   2016  , two direct customers individually accounted for more than 10% of our revenue, Huawei Technologies (Huawei) at   15%   and Alltek Technology Corp. (Alltek) at   11.7%  . For fiscal year   2015   only one direct customer individually accounted for more than 10% of our revenue, Alltek at   12.1%  . In fiscal year   2014   no direct customers individually accounted for more than 10% of our revenue. In addition, our principal distributor, Richardson Electronics, an Arrow Electronics Company (Richardson), accounted for   10.6%  ,   17.7%   and   18.5%   of our revenue in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. Our top 25 direct customers accounted for an aggregate of   65.8%  ,   54.6%   and   51.2%   of our revenue in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Our orders from and sales to customers in the telecommunications infrastructure and networking markets may tend to be lower in our first fiscal quarter as compared to other quarters due to seasonal inventory management by large OEM and contract manufacturing customers.  
  Competition 
  The markets for our products are highly competitive and are characterized by continuously evolving customer requirements. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our markets include: 
             
    the ability to timely design and deliver products and solutions that meet customers  performance, reliability and price requirements; 
                
    the breadth and diversity of product offerings; 
                
    the ability to provide a reliable supply of products in sufficient quantities and in a timely manner; 
                
    the ability of engineering talent to drive innovation and new product development; 
                
    the quality of customer service and technical support; and, 
                
    the financial reliability, operational stability and reputation of the supplier. 
     We believe that we compete favorably with respect to these factors. We compete primarily with both our customers' internal design resources and other suppliers of high-performance analog semiconductor solutions for use in wireless and wireline RF, microwave, millimeterwave and photonic applications, some of whom have greater financial resources and scale than us. We expect competition in our markets to intensify, as new competitors enter these markets, existing competitors merge or form alliances and new technologies emerge. We believe that in the future there will be increased competition from companies utilizing alternative technologies, including high-volume manufacturers using low-cost silicon process technology.  Some of our competitors are also our customers, and in certain product categories we compete with semiconductor manufacturers from which we also obtain foundry services, such as Sumitomo Electric Device Innovations, Inc. 
  We compete with Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) across our primary markets, Networks, A D and Multi-market. In the Networks market, we also compete with NXP Semiconductors N.V., Inphi Corporation, Broadcom LTD. (Broadcom), and Semtech Solutions, Inc. In the A D market, we also compete with Cobham Defense Electronic Systems Corporation (Cobham), Microsemi Corporation (Microsemi), and Qorvo, Inc. (Qorvo). In the Multi-market arena, we also compete with Cobham, Broadcom, Microsemi and Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (Skyworks). 
  Segment and Geographic Information 
  We manage our operations in one reportable segment. Financial information about our operations, including our revenue and long-lived assets by geographic region, is included in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  appearing elsewhere below. 
   Risks attendant to our foreign operations are discussed in this Annual Report under "Item 1A - Risk Factors.  
  Backlog and Inventory 
  Our sales are made primarily on a purchase order basis, rather than pursuant to long-term contracts where the customer commits to buy any minimum amount of product over an extended period. On occasion, we ship finished goods inventory to certain customer or third-party  hub  locations, but do not recognize revenue associated with such shipments until these customers consume the inventory from the hub. We also frequently ship products from our inventory shortly after receipt of an order, which we refer to as  turns business .  A substantial portion of our revenues for any particular fiscal quarter may be derived from turns business transacted in the last few weeks of the quarter, and unanticipated fluctuations in turns business may result in material shifts in revenue between fiscal quarters. Due to the foregoing factors, different ordering patterns of our customers and the wide range of lead times to produce and deliver our products, we believe that backlog as of any particular date may not be a reliable indicator of our future revenue levels.  
  
   9 

Intellectual Property 
  Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as customary contractual protections with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants. 
   As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   399   U.S. and   141   foreign issued patents and   76   U.S. and   54   foreign pending patent applications covering elements of circuit design, manufacturing and wafer fabrication. We do not know whether any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims. The expiration dates of our patents range from   2016   to   2035  . We do not regard any of the patents scheduled to expire in the next 12 months as material to our overall intellectual property portfolio. Notwithstanding our active pursuit of patent protection when available, we believe that our future success will be determined by the innovation, technical expertise and management abilities of our engineers and management more than by patent ownership. 
  The semiconductor industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, and by the vigorous pursuit, protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights. Many of our customer agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which may in the future require that we defend those claims and might require that we pay damages in the case of adverse rulings. Claims of this sort could harm our relationships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. With respect to any intellectual property rights claims against us or our customers or distributors, we may be required to cease manufacture of the infringing product, pay damages or settlement amounts, expend resources to develop non-infringing technology, seek a license, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or relinquish patents or other intellectual property rights.  
  Manufacturing, Sources of Supply and Raw Materials 
  When designing a product solution for our customers, we may choose to utilize our internal proprietary process technologies or technologies from external fabrication facilities, or a combination of both. We believe our ability to select both internal and external technologies in our product solutions is a competitive advantage because it helps us to provide a unique and optimized solution for our customers.   
  Our internal wafer fabrication and the majority of our internal assembly and test operations are conducted at our Lowell, Massachusetts headquarters and Ithaca, New York facility.  We believe having U.S.-based wafer fabrication lines is a competitive advantage for us over competitors that do not have this capability, because it provides us with greater control over quality, a secure source of supply and a domestic source for U.S. A D customers.  We also believe that our U.S.-based wafer fabrication lines allow us to develop products faster with shorter production lead times than if we utilized external foundries, and allow us to efficiently produce a wide range of low, medium and high volume products.  We perform internal assembly and test functions at our Lowell and Lawrence, Massachusetts, Long Beach, California, Ithaca, New York, Nashua, New Hampshire and Hsinchu, Taiwan locations. 
  We complement our internal manufacturing with outsourced foundry partners and other suppliers.  Our operations staff has extensive expertise in the management of outsourced manufacturing service providers and other supply chain participants. We believe our fab-lite model of outsourcing certain of our manufacturing activities rather than investing heavily in capital-intensive production facilities, provides us with the flexibility to respond to new market opportunities, simplifies our operations, provides access to other process technologies and additional manufacturing capacity and reduces our capital requirements. We also use third-party contract manufacturers for assembly, packaging and test functions, and in some cases for fully-outsourced turnkey manufacturing of our products. 
  The principal materials used in the production of our IC products are high purity source materials such as gallium, aluminum, arsenic, nitrite, carbon and silicon. We purchase from hundreds of suppliers worldwide, a wide variety of semiconductors, wafers, packages, metals, printed circuit boards, electromechanical components and other materials for use in our operations. These supply relationships are generally conducted on a purchase order basis. The use of external suppliers involves a number of risks, including the possibility of material disruptions in the supply of key raw materials and components, and the lack of control over delivery schedules, capacity, quality and costs. 
  While we attempt to maintain alternative sources for our principal raw materials to reduce the risk of supply interruptions or price increases, some of the raw materials and components are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique nature, design or the length of time necessary for re-design or qualification. We routinely utilize single sources of supply for various materials based on availability, performance, efficiency or cost considerations. For example, wafers procured from merchant foundries for a particular process technology are generally sourced through a single foundry on which we rely for all of our wafers in that process. Our reliance on external suppliers puts us at risk of supply chain disruption if a supplier does not have sufficient raw material inventory to meet our manufacturing needs, goes out of business, changes or discontinues the process in which components or wafers are manufactured or declines to continue supplying us for competitive or other reasons, as discussed in more detail in Item 1A.  Risk Factors  herein. Where practical, we attempt to mitigate these risks by qualifying multiple sources of supply, redesigning products for alternative components and purchasing incremental inventory of raw materials and components in order to protect us against supply disruptions. 
  
   10 

Quality Assurance 
  The goal of our quality assurance program is for our products to meet our customers  requirements, be delivered on time, and function reliably throughout their useful lives. The International Organization for Standards (ISO) provides models for quality assurance for various operational disciplines, such as design, manufacturing, and testing, which comprise part of our overall quality management system. Our following locations have each received ISO 9001:2008 certifications in one or more of their principal functional areas: Lowell, Massachusetts; Ithaca, New York; Long Beach, Santa Clara and Newport Beach, California; Morrisville, North Carolina; Nashua, New Hampshire; Belfast, Northern Ireland; Cork, Ireland; Sydney, Australia, Tokyo, Japan and Hsinchu, Taiwan. In addition, our Lowell, Massachusetts and Tokyo, Japan facilities have received an ISO 14001:2004 environmental management systems certification. 
  Environmental Regulation 
  Our operations involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under federal, state, and local laws governing health and safety and the environment in the U.S. and other countries. These regulations include limitations on discharge of pollutants into the air, water and soil; remediation requirements; product chemical content limitations; manufacturing chemical use and handling restrictions; pollution control requirements; waste minimization considerations; and, requirements regarding the treatment, transport, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes. We are also subject to regulation by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar health and safety laws in other jurisdictions. While we are committed to compliance with applicable regulations, the risk of environmental liabilities can never be completely eliminated and there can be no assurance that the application of environmental and health and safety laws to our business will not require us to incur material future expenditures. 
  We are also regulated under a number of federal, state and local laws regarding responsible sourcing, recycling, product packaging and product content requirements in the U.S. and other countries, including legislation enacted in the European Union and other foreign jurisdictions that have placed greater restrictions on the use of lead, among other chemicals, in electronic products, which affects materials composition and semiconductor packaging. These laws are becoming more stringent and may in the future cause us to incur material expenditures or otherwise cause financial harm. 
  Export Regulations 
  We market and sell our products both inside and outside the U.S. Certain products are subject to the Export Administration Regulations, administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry Security, which require that we obtain an export license before we can export certain controlled products or technology to specified countries. Additionally, some of our products are subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, which restrict the export of information and material that may be used for military or intelligence applications by a foreign person. Similar controls exist in other jurisdictions. Failure to comply with these laws could result in sanctions by the government, including substantial monetary penalties, denial of export privileges and debarment from government contracts. We maintain an export compliance program staffed by dedicated personnel under which we screen export transactions against current lists of restricted exports, destinations and end users with the objective of managing export-related decisions, transactions and shipping logistics to ensure compliance with these requirements. 
  Employees 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we employed approximately   1,400   individuals worldwide. None of our domestic employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement; however, approximately   17   of our employees working in certain European locations are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with employees to be good and we have not experienced a work stoppage due to labor issues. 
  History and Recent Developments 
  We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in March 2009. Our operations are conducted through our various subsidiaries, which are organized and operated according to the laws of their respective jurisdictions of incorporation. 
  MACOM Technology Solutions Inc., our primary operating subsidiary, which provides high-performance analog semiconductor solutions for use in wireless and wireline applications across the RF, microwave, and millimeterwave spectrum, was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on July 16, 2008. MACOM Technology Solutions Limited, our primary foreign operating subsidiary, was incorporated under the laws of Ireland on November 18, 2008. In September 2008, Cobham acquired certain assets from a third party, including the RF and microwave component and subsystem design and business operations that would ultimately become the operations of MACOM Technology Solutions Inc. and MACOM Technology Solutions Limited. The heritage of some of these business operations date back over 60 years to the founding of Microwave Associates, Inc. and the MACOM brand date back over 30 years. 
  In December 2013, we acquired Mindspeed Technologies, Inc. (Mindspeed), a supplier of semiconductor solutions for communications infrastructure applications (the Mindspeed Acquisition).  We acquired Mindspeed to further our expansion into high-performance analog products. 
  
   11 

In February 2014, subsequent to closing the Mindspeed Acquisition, we divested the wireless business of Mindspeed, which did not meet our expectations for profitable growth. The operations of the wireless business are included in discontinued operations.   
  In May 2014, we divested Mindspeed's communications processor equipment (CPE) product line, which did not meet our expectations for profitable growth. The operations of the CPE product line are included in the results of continuing operations through the date of the sale. 
  In February 2014, we completed the acquisition of Nitronex, LLC (Nitronex) (the Nitronex Acquisition). Nitronex designs, develops, manufactures and markets GaN semiconductors. We funded the Nitronex Acquisition through the use of available cash and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We acquired Nitronex from a party under common control. As a result, we have accounted for the Nitronex Acquisition as a pooling of interest from the date of acquisition by the common control party in June 2012. The original acquisition of Nitronex by the common control party was accounted for as a purchase. Our financial statements have been retroactively combined to include the results of operations of Nitronex from June 2012. 
  In December 2014, we completed the acquisition of BinOptics, a leading merchant provider of InP lasers for data centers, mobile backhaul, silicon photonics and access networks to broaden our position in the optical components market. 
  In August 2015, we divested the Automotive business to Autoliv ASP Inc. (Autoliv). The business did not meet our expectations for profitable growth. 
  In December 2015, we completed the acquisition of FiBest Limited a Japan-based merchant market component supplier of optical sub-assemblies. We acquired FiBest to expand our position in optical networking components. 
  In December 2015, we acquired Metelics, a diode supplier, in order to expand our existing diode product lines.  
  We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of technologies, design teams, products and companies that complement our strengths and help us execute our strategies. Our acquisition strategy is designed to accelerate our revenue growth, expand our technology portfolio, grow our addressable market and create shareholder value. We believe our management team has a proven track record in identifying, acquiring and successfully integrating companies and technologies in the high-performance analog semiconductor industry. 
  Available Information 
  We maintain a website at www.macom.com, including an investors section at which we routinely post important information, such as webcasts of quarterly earnings calls and other investor events in which we participate or host, and any related materials. You may access our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as well as other reports relating to us that are filed with or furnished to the SEC, free of charge in the investors section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The public may also read and copy materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, which is located at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.  The contents of the websites mentioned above are not incorporated into and should not be considered a part of this report. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  Our business involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report in evaluating the Company and its common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial also may adversely affect our Company. 
  Risks Relating to Our Business 
  Our revenue growth and gross margin are substantially dependent on our successful development and release of new products. 
  Maintaining or growing our revenue will depend on our ability to timely develop new products for existing and new markets that meet customers  performance, reliability and price expectations. In addition, the average selling prices of our products are expected to decrease over time and we must introduce new products that can be manufactured at lower costs or that command higher prices based on superior performance to offset this expected price erosion.  If we are not able to repeatedly introduce, in successive years, new products that ship in volume, our revenue will likely not grow and may decline significantly and rapidly.  The development of new products is a highly complex process, and we have in the past and may in the future experience delays and failures in completing the development and introduction of new products. Our successful product development depends on a number of factors, including the following: 
             
    the accurate prediction of market requirements, changes in technology and evolving standards;  
     
   12 

the availability of qualified product designers and process technologies needed to solve difficult design challenges in a cost-effective, reliable manner;  
                
    our ability to design products that meet customers  cost, size and performance requirements and other technical specifications;  
                
    our ability to manufacture new products according to customer needs with acceptable manufacturing yields;  
                
    our ability to offer new products at competitive prices;  
                
    the acceptance by customers of our new product designs;  
                
    the identification of and timely entry into new markets for our products, such as our publicly announced market opportunities in 100G optical networks, GaN technology and active antennas;  
                
    the acceptance of our customers  products by the market and the lifecycle of such products; 
                
    our ability to innovate, the strength of our intellectual property rights, and our ability to protect our intellectual property rights;  
                
    our ability to deliver products in a timely manner within our customers  product planning and deployment cycle; and,  
                
    our ability to maintain and increase our level of product content in our customers  systems.  
     A new product design effort may last 12 to 18 months or longer, and requires significant investment in engineering hours and materials, as well as sales and marketing expenses, which may not be recouped if the product launch is unsuccessful. The introduction of new products by our competitors, the delay or cancellation of a platform for which any of our semiconductor solutions are designed, the market acceptance of products based on new or alternative technologies or the emergence of new industry standards could render our existing or future products uncompetitive from a pricing standpoint, obsolete and otherwise unmarketable. Our failure to anticipate or timely develop new or enhanced products or technologies in response to technological shifts could result in decreased revenue and our competitors obtaining design wins. We may be unable to design and introduce new products in a timely or cost-efficient manner, and our new products may fail to meet the requirements of the market or our customers, or may be adopted by customers more slowly than we expect. In that case, our gross margin may decrease, we may not reach our expected level of production orders and we may lose market share, which could adversely affect our ability to sustain our revenue growth or maintain our current revenue levels. 
  Underutilization, price competition, acquisitions and various other factors may reduce our gross margin, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  If we are unable to utilize our design, fabrication, assembly and test facilities at a high level, the significant fixed costs associated with these facilities may not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average unit costs and lower gross margin. Similarly, when we compete for business on the basis of our products  unit price, the average selling price of our products is reduced, negatively affecting our gross margins.  We have in the past and may in the future acquire businesses with lower-margin products that reduced our overall gross margins.  Our various products have different gross margins.  Increased sales of lower-margin products, such as certain of our more mature products, in a given period relative to sales of higher-margin products, may cause us to report lower overall gross margin. In addition, increased raw material costs, changes in manufacturing yields, more complex engineering requirements and certain other factors can reduce our gross margins from time to time. We have experienced periods where our gross margin declined due to these and other factors, and expect these factors will have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations from time to time in the future. As a result of these or other factors, we may be unable to maintain or increase our gross margin in future periods and our gross margin may fluctuate from period to period. 
  Our operating results may fluctuate significantly from period to period. We may not meet investors  quarterly or annual financial expectations and, as a result, our stock price may decline.  
  Our quarterly and annual operating results and related expectations may vary significantly in the future based upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors that could cause operating results and related expectations to fluctuate include:  
             
    the general economic growth or decline in the U.S. or foreign markets;  
                
    the reduction or cancellation of orders by customers, whether as a result of a loss of market share by us or our customers, changes in the design of customers  products or slowing demand for our products or customers  products;  
                
    the amount of new customer orders we book and ship in any particular fiscal quarter, which accounts for a significant amount of our net revenue in any particular quarter, and which can often be weighted toward the latter part of each fiscal quarter, making the timing of recognition of the associated revenue difficult to forecast and susceptible to slippage between quarters;  
                
    the relative linearity of our shipments within any particular fiscal quarter, in that a less linear shipment pattern within a given fiscal quarter tends to result in lower gross margin in that quarter and a shipment pattern weighted toward the latter part of a  
     
   13 

fiscal quarter tends to reduce our cash flows from operations in that quarter, as collections of related receivables do not occur until later fiscal periods;  
             
    the gain or loss of a key customer or significant changes in the financial condition of one or more key customers; 
                
    fluctuations in the levels of component inventories held by our customers, as well as their ability to manage the inventory that they hold and to forecast accurately their demand for our products;  
                
    the fluctuations in manufacturing output, yields, capacity levels, quality control or other potential problems or delays we or our subcontractors may experience in the fabrication, assembly, testing or delivery of our products;  
                
    the fluctuations in demand relating to the A D market due to changes in government programs, budgets or procurement;  
                
    the market acceptance of our products and particularly the timing and success of new product and technology introductions by us, customers or competitors; 
                
    our ability to predict market requirements and evolving industry standards accurately and in a timely manner;  
                
    the amount, timing and relative success of our investments in research and development, which impacts our ability to develop, introduce and market new products and solutions on a timely basis;  
                
    the period-to-period changes in the mix of products we sell, which can result in lower gross margin;  
                
    the availability, quality and cost of semiconductor wafers and other raw materials, equipment, components and internal or outsourced manufacturing, packaging and test capacity, particularly where we have only one qualified source of supply;  
                
    the effects of seasonal and other changes in customer demand;  
                
    the effects of competitive pricing pressures, including decreases in average selling prices of our products;  
                
    the effects of impairment charges associated with intangible assets, including goodwill and acquisition-related intangible assets;  
                
    the loss of key personnel or the shortage of available skilled workers;  
                
    the effects of factors that could cause our reported domestic and foreign income taxes and income tax rate to increase in future periods, such as limits on our ability to utilize net operating losses or tax credits and the geographic distribution of our income, which may change from period to period; and   
                
    the effects of war, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, macroeconomic uncertainty or decline or geopolitical unrest.  
     The foregoing factors are difficult to forecast, and these, as well as other factors, could materially and adversely affect our quarterly and annual operating results and related expectations for future periods. If our operating results in any period do not meet our publicly stated guidance or the expectations of investors or securities analysts, our stock price may decline. Similarly, any publicly stated guidance we provide in the future may fail to meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts and our stock price may decline as a result.  
  If demand for our products in our primary markets declines or fails to grow, our revenue and profitability may suffer. 
  Our future growth depends to a significant extent on the continued growth in usage of advanced electronic systems in our primary markets: Networks, A D and Multi-market generally, and in the optical networks market in particular, which accounted for   53%   of our revenue in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. The rate and extent to which these markets will grow, if at all, is uncertain. For example, our ability to capitalize on our previously announced market opportunities in 100G optical networks, GaN technology and active antennas will depend on, among other things, the future size and growth rates of these markets, the next generation technologies selected by customers and timing of network upgrades in these markets and the future pace of adoption of our products in these markets. Our markets may fail to grow or decline for many reasons, including macro-economic factors, insufficient consumer demand, technological hurdles, research and development delays, lack of access to capital, sequestration or other changes in the U.S. defense budget and procurement processes and changes in export controls or other regulatory environments.  Even if our primary markets grow, demand for our products in those markets may fail to grow in the event that they fail to embrace next-generation technologies we offer such as GaN-on-Silicon, etched facet lasers and radar tiles, adopt technologies other than those we offer or implement changes in network specifications that our products do not adequately address. If demand for electronic systems that incorporate our products declines, fails to grow or grows more slowly than we anticipate, purchases of our products may be reduced, which will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
  We typically depend on orders from a limited number of customers for a significant percentage of our revenue.  
  In the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , sales to   three   of our customers each accounted for 10% or more of our revenue and sales to our top 10 direct and distribution customers accounted for an aggregate of   62%   of our revenue. While the composition of our top 10 customers varies from year to year, we expect that sales to a limited number of customers will continue to account for a significant  
  
   14 

percentage of our revenue for the foreseeable future. The purchasing arrangements with our customers are typically conducted on a purchase order basis that does not require our customers to purchase any minimum amount of our products over a period of time. As a result, it is possible that any of our major customers could terminate their purchasing arrangements with us with little or no warning and without penalty, or significantly reduce or delay the amount of our products that they order, purchase products from our competitors or develop their own products internally. The loss of, or a reduction in, orders from any major customer may cause a material decline in revenue and adversely affect our results of operations.  
  Our investment in technology as well as research and development may not be successful, which may impact our profitability.  
  The semiconductor industry requires substantial investment in technology as well as research and development in order to develop and bring to market new and enhanced technologies and products. Research and development expenses were   $107.7   million for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . In each of the last three fiscal years, we invested in research and development as part of our strategy toward the development of innovative products and solutions to fuel our growth and profitability. We cannot assure you if, or when, the products and solutions where we have focused our research and development expenditures will become commercially successful. In addition, we may not have sufficient resources to maintain the level of investment in research and development required to remain competitive or succeed in our strategy. Our efforts to develop new and improved process technologies for use in our products require substantial expenditures that may not generate any return on investment, may take longer than we anticipate to generate a return or may generate a return on investment that is inadequate. For example, in July 2013, we announced that we had licensed GaN on Silicon Carbide (GaN-on-SiC) process technology from Global Communications Semiconductors, LLC (GCS) and would be installing such process technology to our Lowell, Massachusetts manufacturing facility. In our fiscal year 2016, we made a strategic decision to exit the product line and end programs associated with our GaN-on-SiC license and technology transfer to focus on development of our GaN-on-Silicon efforts and incurred associated charges of $13.8 million, including a write-off of $10.1 million of intangible assets. Following our Nitronex Acquisition, we announced a number of strategic plans and positive expectations concerning the future cost structure, manufacturability, opportunity for strategic partnerships and licensing programs, market applicability and potential positive impact on our market share of GaN-on-Silicon technology, which is a focus of the Nitronex business. We have in the past and may in the future experience unexpected difficulties, expenses or delays in qualifying our GaN-on-Silicon process technology either internally or at one or more third party foundries and qualifying related products with our customers, and are currently engaged in a litigation with a licensor of this technology as described elsewhere in this Annual Report.  We may not be successful in our licensing, process or product qualification, manufacturing cost reduction or marketing efforts related to GaN-on-Silicon, may not realize the competitive advantage we anticipate from related investments and may not realize customer demand for this technology that meets our expectations, any of which could lead to higher than expected operating expense, lower than expected revenue and gross margin, associated charges or otherwise reduce the price of our common stock.  We also have undertaken significant research and development efforts aimed at new products targeting emerging market segments where we see potential for growth including the wireless base station, data center and radar tile markets. We may not be successful in our research and development efforts or may not realize the competitive advantage, revenues or profits we anticipate from these new products, any of which may lead to higher research and development expense, lower than expected revenues and gross margin and reduced profitability, or may otherwise harm our business or reduce the price of our common stock. 
  We may incur significant risk and expense in attempting to win new business and such efforts may never generate revenue. 
  To obtain new business, we often need to win a competitive selection process to develop semiconductors for use in our customers  systems, known in the industry as a  design win . These competitive selection processes can be lengthy and can require us to incur significant and unreimbursed design and development expenditures and dedicate scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity, particularly when seeking to develop or introduce solutions in new markets. We may not win the competitive selection process or may never generate any revenue despite incurring significant design and development expenditures and selling, general and administrative expenses. Failure to obtain a design win may prevent us from supplying components for an entire generation of a customer s system. This can result in lost or foregone revenue and could weaken our position in future competitive selection processes. 
  Even when we achieve a design win, success is not guaranteed. Customer qualification and design cycles can be lengthy, and it may take a year or more following a successful design win and product qualification for one of our products to be purchased in volume by the customer. We may experience difficulties manufacturing the part in volume, such as low yields, supply chain delays or shortages or quality issues. Further, while the customer has successfully qualified our part for use in its system, it may not have qualified all of the other components being sourced for its system, or qualified its system as a whole with its end customers. Any difficulties our customer may experience in completing those qualifications may delay or prevent us from translating the design win into revenue. These risks can be particularly acute in our A D market, where we may spend material amounts and commit substantial design engineering resources to product development work in support of an OEM customer s attempt to win business tied to a government contract award, but realize no related revenue or less than expected revenue from our investment due to failure of the OEM customer to win the business, government program cancellation, federal budget limitations or otherwise. Any of these events or any cancellation of a customer s program or failure of our customer to market its own product successfully after our design win, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as we may have incurred significant expense and generated no revenue. 
  
   15 

We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties. Our profitability will decline if we fail to accurately forecast customer demand when managing inventory.  
  We generally sell our products on the basis of purchase orders rather than long-term purchase commitments from our customers. Our customers can typically cancel purchase orders or defer product shipments for some period without incurring liability to us. We typically plan production and inventory levels based on internal forecasts of customer demand, which can be highly unpredictable and can fluctuate substantially, leading to excess inventory write-downs and resulting negative impacts on gross margin and net income. We have limited visibility into our customers  inventories, future customer demand and the product mix that our customers will require, which could adversely affect our production forecasts and operating margins. The difficulty in predicting demand may be compounded when we sell to OEM customers indirectly through distributors or contract manufacturers, or both, as our forecasts of demand are then based on estimates provided by multiple parties. In a number of markets we serve, large dollar value customer orders scheduled for delivery in the current fiscal quarter may be canceled or rescheduled by the customer for delivery in a future fiscal quarter on short notice, which may cause our reported revenue to vary materially from our prior expectations. In addition, the rapid pace of innovation in our industry could render significant portions of our inventory obsolete. If we overestimate our customers  requirements, we may have excess inventory, which could lead to obsolete inventory and unexpected costs. Further, if we build inventory specific to non-recurring engineering (NRE) arrangements that we may enter into with our customers from time to time and then fail to achieve one or more required milestones in connection with such NRE arrangements, we may have excess, non-qualified or non-conforming customer specific inventory, which could lead to unsellable inventory and unexpected costs. Conversely, if we underestimate our customers  requirements, we may have inadequate inventory, which could lead to foregone revenue opportunities, loss of potential market share and damage to customer relationships caused by product deliveries not made on a timely basis and disrupting our customers  production schedules. Some of our larger customers also require us to build and maintain minimum inventories and keep them available for purchase at specified locations based on non-binding demand estimates that are subject to change, which exposes us to increased inventory risk and makes it more difficult to manage our working capital. If demand from such customers decreases, we may be left with excess or obsolete inventory that we are unable to sell. In response to anticipated long lead times to obtain inventory and materials from outside suppliers and foundries, we periodically order materials and build a stock of finished goods inventory in advance of customer demand. This advance ordering of raw material and building of finished goods inventory has in the past and may in the future result in excess inventory levels or unanticipated inventory write-downs if expected orders fail to materialize or other factors make our products less saleable. In addition, any significant future cancellation or deferral of product orders could adversely affect our revenue and margins, increase inventory write-downs due to obsolete inventory or adversely affect our operating results and stock price. 
  The average selling prices of our products may decrease over time, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and gross margin.  
  It is common in our industry for the average selling price of a given product to decrease over time as production volumes increase, competing products are developed, technology, industry standards and customer platforms evolve or new technologies featuring higher performance or lower cost emerge. To combat the negative effects that erosion of average selling prices have had in the past and may have in the future, on our revenue and gross margin, we attempt to actively manage the prices of our existing products, increase our sales volumes and introduce new process technologies and products in the market that exhibit higher performance, new features that are in demand or lower manufacturing costs. Despite this strategy, we expect to experience price erosion in future periods. Failure to maintain our current prices, to offset price reductions by increasing our sales volumes or to successfully execute on our new product development strategy will cause our revenue and gross margin to decline, which could decrease the value of your investment in our common stock. 
  We face intense competition in our industry, and our inability to compete successfully could negatively affect our operating results. 
  The semiconductor industry is highly competitive. While we compete with a wide variety of companies, we compete with Analog Devices, Inc. across most of our primary markets. Our other significant competitors include, among others, Broadcom, Cobham, Microsemi, Qorvo and Skyworks. 
  We believe future competition could also come from companies developing new alternative technologies, component suppliers based in countries with lower production costs and IC manufacturers achieving higher levels of integration that exceed the functionality offered by our products. Our customers and suppliers could also develop products that compete with or replace our products. A decision by any of our large customers to design and manufacture ICs internally could have an adverse effect on our operating results. Increased competition has in the past and could in the future lead to lower prices for our products, reduced demand for our products and a corresponding reduction in our ability to recover development, engineering and manufacturing costs. 
  Many of our existing and potential competitors have entrenched market positions, historical affiliations with original equipment manufacturers, considerable internal manufacturing capacity, established intellectual property rights, strong brand recognition and substantial technological capabilities. Many of them may also have greater financial, technical, manufacturing or marketing resources than we do.  The semiconductor industry has experienced significant consolidation over the past several years. Consolidation among our competitors could lead to a changing competitive landscape, which could negatively impact our competitive position and market share and harm our results of operations.  In addition, certain countries such as China have announced and begun implementing state-sponsored  
  
   16 

initiatives to build domestic semiconductor supply chains and we may be at a disadvantage in attempting to compete with entities associated with such foreign government efforts based on their lower cost of capital, access to government largesse, preferential sourcing practices, stronger local relationships or otherwise.  Prospective customers may decide not to buy from us due to concerns about our relative size, financial stability or other factors. Our failure to successfully compete could result in lower revenue, decreased profitability and a lower stock price. 
  We operate in the semiconductor industry, which is cyclical and subject to significant downturns. 
  The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid technological change, price erosion, product obsolescence, evolving standards, short product lifecycles and significant fluctuations in supply and demand. The industry has historically experienced significant fluctuations in demand and product obsolescence, resulting in product overcapacity, high inventory levels and accelerated erosion of average selling prices. Downturns in the semiconductor industry may be prolonged, and downturns in many sectors of the electronic systems industry have in the past contributed to extended periods of weak demand for semiconductor products. We have experienced adverse effects on our profitability and cash flows during such downturns in the past, and our business may be similarly harmed by future downturns, particularly if we are unable to effectively respond to reduced demand in a particular market. 
  We are subject to risks from our international sales and operations. 
  We have operations in Europe, Asia and Australia, and customers around the world. In addition, in December 2015 we acquired FiBest, a Japan-based merchant market component supplier of optical sub-assemblies. The FiBest Acquisition significantly increased our overall scope of operations and employee base in Japan. As a result, we are subject to regulatory, geopolitical and other risks associated with doing business outside the U.S. Global operations involve inherent risks, including currency controls, currency exchange rate fluctuations, tariffs, required import and export licenses, associated delays and other related international trade restrictions and regulations. Further, there is a risk that language barriers, cultural differences and other factors associated with our international operations may make them more difficult to manage effectively. 
  The legal system in many of the regions where we conduct business can lack transparency in certain respects relative to that of the U.S. and can accord local government authorities a higher degree of control and discretion over business than is customary in the U.S. This makes the process of obtaining necessary regulatory approvals and maintaining compliance inherently more difficult and unpredictable. In addition, the protection accorded to proprietary technology and know-how under these legal systems may not be as strong as in the U.S., and, as a result, we may lose valuable trade secrets and competitive advantages. The cost of doing business in European jurisdictions can also be higher than in the U.S. due to exchange rates, local collective bargaining regimes and local legal requirements and norms regarding employee benefits and employer-employee relations, in particular. We are also subject to U.S. legal requirements related to our foreign operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
  Sales to customers located outside the U.S. accounted for   71.3%   of our revenue for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . Sales to customers located in the Asia Pacific region typically account for a substantial majority of our overall sales to customers located outside the U.S. We expect that revenue from international sales generally, and sales to the Asia Pacific region specifically, will continue to be a significant part of our total revenue. Therefore, any financial crisis or other major event causing business disruption in international jurisdictions generally, and the Asia Pacific region in particular, could negatively affect our future revenues and results of operations. Further, in 2016 the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security temporarily blocked exports of U.S. products to Chinese telecommunications OEM ZTE Corp., and issued an administrative subpoena to the largest such manufacturer, Huawei, which accounted for 15% of our revenue for fiscal year 2016, and which could possibly lead to similar restrictions in the future. A U.S. ban on exports to one or more large OEM customers could materially reduce our revenue and reduce the value of an investment in our common stock. Because the majority of our foreign sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, our products become less price-competitive in countries with currencies that are low or are declining in value against the U.S. dollar. Also, we cannot be sure that our international customers will continue to accept orders denominated in U.S. dollars. If they do not, our reported revenue and earnings will become more directly subject to foreign exchange fluctuations. Some of our customer purchase orders and agreements are governed by foreign laws, which may differ significantly from U.S. laws. We may be limited in our ability to enforce our rights under such agreements and to collect amounts owed to us. 
  The majority of our assembly, packaging and test vendors are located in Asia. We generally do business with our foreign assemblers in U.S. dollars. Our manufacturing costs could increase in countries with currencies that are increasing in value against the U.S. dollar. Also, our international manufacturing suppliers may not continue to accept orders denominated in U.S. dollars. If they do not, our costs will become more directly subject to foreign exchange fluctuations. From time to time we may attempt to hedge our exposure to foreign currency risk by buying currency contracts or otherwise, and any such efforts involve expense and associated risk that the currencies involved may not behave as we expect and we may lose money on such hedging strategies or not properly hedge our risk. 
  In addition, if terrorist activity, armed conflict, civil, economic or military unrest, embargoes or other economic sanctions or political instability occurs in the U.S. or other locations, such events may disrupt our manufacturing, assembly, logistics, security and communications, and could also result in reduced demand for our products. We have in the past and, may again in the future, experience difficulties relating to employees traveling in and out of countries facing civil unrest or political instability and with obtaining travel visas for our employees. Major health pandemics could also adversely affect our business and our customer order patterns. We could also be  
  
   17 

affected if labor issues disrupt our transportation arrangements or those of our customers or suppliers. There can be no assurance that we can mitigate all identified risks with reasonable effort. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
  We expect to make future acquisitions, dispositions and investments, which involve numerous risks. 
  We have an active corporate development program and routinely evaluate potential acquisitions, investments and strategic alliances involving complementary technologies, design teams, products and companies. We also periodically evaluate the merits of a potential divestment of one or more of our existing business lines. We expect to pursue such transactions if appropriate opportunities arise. However, we may not be able to identify suitable transactions in the future or if we do identify such transactions, we may not be able to complete them on commercially acceptable terms or at all. We also face intense competition for acquisitions from other acquirers in our industry. These competing acquirers may have significantly greater financial and other resources than us, which may prevent us from successfully pursuing a transaction. In the event we pursue acquisitions, we will face numerous risks including: 
             
    diversion of management s attention from normal daily operations of our business;  
                
    difficulties in entering markets where competitors have stronger market positions;  
                
    difficulties in improving and integrating the financial reporting capabilities and operating systems of any acquired operations, particularly foreign and formerly private operations, as needed to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures;  
                
    loss of any key personnel of the acquired company as well as their know-how, relationships and expertise, which is common following an acquisition;  
                
    maintaining customer, supplier or other favorable business relationships of acquired operations;  
                
    generating insufficient revenue from completed acquisitions to offset increased expenses associated with any abandoned or completed acquisitions;  
                
    acquiring material or unknown leasehold, environmental, regulatory, infringement, contractual or other liabilities associated with any acquired operations;  
                
    litigation frequently associated with merger and acquisition transactions; and,  
                
    increasing expense associated with amortization or depreciation of intangible and tangible assets we acquire.  
     Our past acquisitions required or continue to require significant management time and attention relating to the transaction. Past transactions, whether completed or abandoned by us, have resulted, and in the future may result, in significant costs, expenses, liabilities and charges to earnings. The accounting treatment for any acquisition may result in significant amortizable intangible assets which, when amortized, will negatively affect our consolidated results of operations. The accounting treatment for any acquisition may result in significant goodwill, which, if impaired, will negatively affect our consolidated results of operations. Furthermore, we may incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for acquisitions. The incurrence of debt could limit our operating flexibility and be detrimental to our profitability, and the issuance of equity securities would be dilutive to our existing stockholders. Any or all of the above factors may differ from the investment community s expectations in a given quarter, which could negatively affect our stock price. In addition, as a result of the foregoing, we may not be able to successfully execute acquisitions in the future to the same extent as we have the in the past, if at all. 
  In the event we make future investments, the investments may decline in value or fail to deliver any strategic benefits we anticipate from them and we may lose all or part of our investment. For example, in May 2015, we received notice that a private company in which we held a minority equity investment was sold to a third party and that the proceeds we would receive at closing would be less than the carrying value previously reported in our consolidated financial statements. We wrote down the investment to the estimated net proceeds we would receive from the sale, and recorded a charge of $3.5 million to other income (expense) resulting in an increase of our previously reported net loss per diluted share for the three and six months ended April 3, 2015, respectively. In the event we undertake divestments, such as the divestment of our Automotive business in August 2015, we may suffer from associated management distraction, damaged customer relationships, failure to realize the perceived strategic or financial merits of the divestment or we may incur material indemnity liabilities to the purchaser.  
  We may be unable to successfully integrate the businesses and personnel of our acquired companies and businesses, and may not realize the anticipated synergies and benefits of such acquisitions. 
  From time to time, we complete acquisitions of companies and certain businesses of companies, and we may not realize the expected benefits from such acquisitions because of integration difficulties or other challenges. The success of our acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to realize all or some of the anticipated synergies and other benefits from integrating the acquired businesses with our existing businesses. The integration process may be complex, costly and time-consuming. The potential difficulties we may face in integrating the operations of our acquisitions include, among others: 
  
   18 

failure to implement our business plans for the combined businesses and consolidation or expansion of production capacity as planned and where applicable; 
                
    unexpected losses of key employees, customers or suppliers of our acquired companies and businesses; 
                
    unanticipated issues in conforming our acquired companies  and businesses  standards, processes, procedures and controls with our operations; 
                
    coordinating new product and process development; 
                
    increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations; 
                
    diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 
                
    adverse effects on our or our acquired companies  and businesses  existing business relationships; 
                
    unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations; 
                
    operating risks inherent in our acquired companies  and businesses  business and operations; 
                
    unanticipated expenses and liabilities; 
                
    potential unfamiliarity with our acquired companies and businesses technology, products and markets, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; and, 
                
    other difficulties in the assimilation of our acquired companies and businesses operations, technologies, products and systems. 
     Our acquired companies and businesses may have unanticipated or larger than anticipated liabilities for patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, taxes and other known and unknown types of liabilities. There may be liabilities that we underestimated or did not discover in the course of performing our due diligence investigation of our acquired companies and businesses. We may have limited recourse under the applicable acquisition-related agreement to recover damages relating to the liabilities of our acquired companies and businesses. 
  We may not be able to maintain or increase the levels of revenue, earnings or operating efficiency that each of our acquired companies and businesses and us had historically achieved or might achieve separately. In addition, we may not accomplish the integration of our acquired companies and businesses smoothly, successfully or within the anticipated costs or timeframe. If we experience difficulties with the integration process or if the business of our acquired companies or businesses deteriorates, the anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities and other synergies of our acquired companies and businesses may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. If any of the above risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely impacted, we may fail to meet the expectations of investors or analysts, and our stock price may decline as a result. 
     We may incur liabilities for claims of intellectual property infringement relating to our products. 
  The semiconductor industry is generally subject to frequent litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. For example, we have initiated legal action against Infineon in federal court to confirm and defend our exclusive rights to use certain patented GaN-on-Silicon technology developed by Nitronex in our core RF markets. Other companies in the industry have numerous patents that protect their intellectual property rights in these areas and technology is frequently licensed. In the past, we have been and may in the future be, subject to claims that we have breached infringed or misappropriated patent, license or other intellectual property rights. Our customers may assert claims against us for indemnification if they receive claims alleging that their or our products infringe upon others  intellectual property rights, and have in the past and may in the future choose not to purchase our products based on their concerns over such a pending claim. In the event of an adverse result of any intellectual property rights litigation, we could be required to incur significant costs to defend or settle such litigation, pay substantial damages for infringement, expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology, incur material liability for royalty payments or fees to obtain licenses to the technology covered by the litigation or be subjected to an injunction, which could prevent us from selling our products, and materially and adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. Negotiated settlements resolving such claims may require us to pay substantial sums, as was the case in September 2013 when we paid $7.25 million in settlement of a suit alleging intellectual property misappropriation. We cannot be sure that we will be successful in any such non-infringing development or that any such license would be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Any claims relating to the infringement of third-party proprietary rights, even if not meritorious, could result in costly litigation, lost sales or damaged customer relationships and diversion of management s attention and resources. 
  
   19 

Many of our products currently incorporate technology licensed or acquired from third parties and we expect our products in the future to also require technology from third parties. If the licenses to such technology that we currently hold become unavailable or the terms on which they are available become commercially unreasonable, or if we are unable to acquire or license necessary technology for our products in the future, our business could be adversely affected.  
  We sell products in markets that are characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions and increasing levels of integration. Our ability to keep pace with this market at times depends on our ability to obtain technology from third parties on commercially reasonable terms to allow our products to remain competitive. If licenses to such technology are not available on commercially reasonable terms and conditions or at all and we cannot otherwise acquire or integrate such technology, our products or our customers  products could become unmarketable or obsolete and we could lose market share and our revenue and results of operations could materially decline. In addition, disputes with third party licensors over required payments, scope of licensed rights and compliance with contractual terms are common in our industry and we have in the past and may in the future be subjected to disputes over the terms of such licenses. For example, the outcome of our current litigation with Infineon relating to the scope of our rights to use certain patented GaN-on-Silicon technology developed by Nitronex may impact our associated intellectual property rights and related future revenue prospects. Such disputes may require us to incur significant costs defending our license rights, divert management s attention or result in our inability to sell or develop certain products. In such instances, we could also incur substantial unanticipated costs or scheduling delays to develop substitute technology to deliver competitive products, damaged customer and vendor relationships, indemnification liabilities and declining revenues and profitability. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and the value of an investment in our common stock. 
  We depend on third parties for products and services required for our business, which may limit our ability to meet customer demand, assure product quality and control costs. 
  We purchase numerous raw materials, such as ceramic packages, precious metals, semiconductor wafers and ICs, from a limited number of external suppliers. We also currently use several external manufacturing suppliers for assembly and testing of our products, and in some cases for fully-outsourced turnkey manufacturing of our products. We currently expect to increase our use of outsourced manufacturing in the future as a strategy. The ability and willingness of our external suppliers to perform is largely outside of our control. The use of external suppliers involves a number of risks, including the possibility of material disruptions in the supply of key components, the lack of control over delivery schedules, capacity constraints, manufacturing yields, quality and fabrication costs and misappropriation of our intellectual property. If these vendors  processes vary in reliability or quality, they could negatively affect our products and, therefore, our customer relations and results of operations. We generally purchase raw materials on a purchase order basis and we do not have significant long-term supply commitments from our vendors. The long-term supply commitments we have may result in an obligation to purchase excess material, which may materially and negatively impact our operating results. In terms of relative bargaining power, many of our suppliers are larger than we are, with greater resources, and many of their other customers are larger and have greater resources than we do. If these vendors experience shortages or fail to accurately predict customer demand, they may have insufficient capacity to meet our demand, creating a capacity constraint on our business. They may also choose to supply others in preference to us in times of capacity constraint or otherwise, particularly where the other customers purchase in higher volume. Third-party supplier capacity constraints have in the past and may in the future prevent us from supplying customer demand that we otherwise could have fulfilled at attractive prices. If we have a firm commitment to supply our customers but are unable to do so based on inability or unwillingness of one of our suppliers to provide related materials or services, we may be liable for resulting damages and expense incurred by our customers.  
  Based on superior performance features, cost parameters or other factors, we utilize sole source suppliers for certain semiconductor packages and other materials and it is common for one of our outside semiconductor foundries to be our sole supplier for the particular semiconductor fabrication process technologies manufactured at that supplier s facility. Such supplier concentrations involve the risk of a potential future business interruption if the supplier becomes unable or unwilling to supply us at any point. While in some cases alternate suppliers may exist, because there are limited numbers of third-party wafer suppliers that use the process technologies we select for our products and that have sufficient capacity to meet our needs, it may not be possible or may be expensive to find an alternative source of supply. Even if we are able to find an alternative source, moving production to an alternative supplier requires an extensive qualification or re-qualification process that could prevent or delay product shipments or disrupt customer s production schedules, which could harm our business. In addition, some of our external foundry suppliers compete against us in the market in addition to being our supplier. The loss of a supplier can also significantly harm our business and operating results. A supplier may discontinue supplying us if its business is not sufficiently profitable, for competitive reasons or otherwise. We have in the past and may in the future have our supply relationship discontinued by an external foundry, causing us to experience supply chain disruption, customer dissatisfaction, loss of business and increased cost.  
  If we lose key personnel or fail to attract and retain key personnel, we may be unable to pursue business opportunities or develop our products.  
  We believe our continued ability to recruit, hire, retain and motivate highly-skilled engineering, operations, sales, administrative and managerial personnel is key to our future success. Competition for these employees is intense, particularly with respect to qualified  
  
   20 

engineers. Our failure to retain our present employees and hire additional qualified personnel in a timely manner and on reasonable terms could harm our competitiveness and results of operations. In addition, from time to time, we may recruit and hire employees from our competitors, customers, suppliers and distributors, which could result in liability to us and has in the past and could in the future, damage our business relationship with these parties. None of our senior management team is contractually bound to remain with us for a specified period, and we generally do not maintain key person life insurance covering our senior management. The loss of any member of our senior management team could strengthen a competitor, weaken customer relationships or harm our ability to implement our business strategy.  
    
  Sources for certain components, materials and services are limited, which could result in interruptions, delays or reductions in product shipments. 
  Our industry may be affected from time to time by limited supplies of certain key components, materials and services. We have in the past and may in the future, experience delays or reductions in supply shipments, which could reduce our revenue and profitability. If key components, materials or services are unavailable, our costs could increase and our revenue could decline. 
  In particular, our manufacturing headquarters, design facilities, assembly and test facilities and supply chain, and those of our contract manufacturers, are subject to risk of catastrophic loss due to fire, flood or other natural or man-made disasters. The majority of our semiconductor products are fabricated in our Lowell, Massachusetts headquarters and our facility in Ithaca, New York. The majority of the internal and outsourced assembly and test facilities we utilize are located in the Pacific Rim and some of our internal design, assembly and test facilities are located in California regions with above average seismic and severe weather activity. In addition, our research and development personnel are concentrated in a few locations, with the expertise of the personnel at each such location generally focused on one or two specific areas. Any catastrophic loss or significant damage to any of these facilities would likely disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in significant expenses to repair or replace the facility and, in some instances, could significantly curtail our research and development efforts in a particular product area or primary market, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In particular, any catastrophic loss at our headquarters or our Ithaca, New York facility could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results, revenue and profitability. 
  Our failure to continue to keep pace with new or improved semiconductor process technologies could impair our competitive position.  
  Semiconductor manufacturers constantly seek to develop new and improved semiconductor process technologies. Our future success depends in part upon our ability to continue to gain access to these semiconductor process technologies, internally or externally, in order to adapt to emerging customer requirements and competitive market conditions. We may be unable to internally develop such technologies successfully and may be unable to gain access to them from merchant foundries or other sources on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we fail to remain abreast of new and improved semiconductor process technologies as they emerge, we may lose market share and our revenue and gross margin may decline, which could adversely affect our operating results.  
  Remaining competitive in the semiconductor industry requires transitioning to smaller geometry process technologies and achieving higher levels of design integration. 
  In order to remain competitive, we expect to continue to transition our products to increasingly smaller geometries. This transition requires us to modify the manufacturing processes for our products, to design new products to more stringent standards and to redesign some existing products. In some instances, we depend on our relationships with our third-party foundries to transition to smaller geometry processes successfully. Our foundries may not be able to effectively manage the transition or we may not be able to maintain our foundry relationships. If our foundries or we experience significant delays in this transition or fail to efficiently implement this transition, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. As smaller geometry processes become more prevalent, we expect to continue to integrate greater levels of functionality into our products. However, we may not be able to achieve higher levels of design integration or deliver new integrated products on a timely basis or at all. 
  Minor deviations in the manufacturing process can cause substantial manufacturing yield loss or even cause halts in production, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and gross margin.  
  Our products involve complexities in both their design and the semiconductor process technology employed in their fabrication. In many cases, the products are also assembled in customized packages or feature high levels of integration. Our products must meet exacting customer specifications for quality, performance and reliability.  
  
   21 

Our manufacturing yield, or the percentage of units of a given product in a given period that is usable relative to all such units produced, is a combination of yields including wafer fabrication, assembly and test yields. Due to the complexity of our products, we periodically experience difficulties in achieving acceptable yields as even minor deviations in the manufacturing process can cause substantial manufacturing yield loss or halt production. Our customers may also test our components once they have been assembled into their products. The number of usable products that result from our production process can fluctuate as a result of many factors, including the following:  
             
    design errors;  
                
    defects in photomasks, used to print circuits on wafers;  
                
    minute impurities in materials used;  
                
    contamination of the manufacturing environment;  
                
    equipment failure or variations in the manufacturing processes;  
                
    losses from broken wafers or other human errors;  
                
    defects in packaging; and,  
                
    issues and errors in testing.  
     Typically, for a given level of sales, when our yields improve, our gross margin improves. When our yields decrease, our unit costs are typically higher, our gross margin is lower and our profitability is adversely affected, any or all of which can harm our results of operations and lower our stock price.  
  We depend on third-party sales representatives and distributors for a material portion of our revenues.  
  We sell many of our products to customers through independent sales representatives and distributors, as well as through our direct sales force. We are unable to predict the extent to which our independent sales representatives and distributors will be successful in marketing and selling our products. Moreover, many of our independent sales representatives and distributors also market and sell competing products. Our relationships with our representatives and distributors typically may be terminated by either party at any time, and do not require them to buy any of our products. Sales to distributors accounted for approximately   13.2%   of our revenue for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , and sales to our largest distributor, Richardson, represented   10.6%   of our revenue in the same period. If our distributors cease doing business with us or fail to successfully market and sell our products, our ability to sustain and grow our revenue could be materially adversely affected.  
  Our internal and external manufacturing, assembly and test model subjects us to various manufacturing and supply risks.  
  We own and operate a semiconductor wafer processing and manufacturing facility at our headquarters in Lowell, Massachusetts,  and operate leased facilities at our Sunnyvale, California, Londonderry, New Hampshire and Ithaca, New York sites. These facilities are also important internal design, assembly and test facilities. We maintain other internal assembly and test operation facilities as well, including leased sites in Long Beach, California, Nashua, New Hampshire, Hsinchu, Taiwan, and Tokyo, Japan. We also use multiple external foundries for outsourced semiconductor wafer supply, as well as multiple domestic and Asian assembly and test suppliers to assemble and test our products. A number of factors will affect the future success of these internal manufacturing facilities and outsourced supply and service arrangements, including the following:  
             
    the level of demand for our products;  
                
    our ability to expand and contract our facilities and purchase commitments in a timely and cost-effective manner in response to changes in demand for our products;  
                
    our ability to generate revenue in amounts that cover the significant fixed costs of operating our facilities;  
                
    our ability to qualify our facilities for new products in a timely manner;  
                
    the availability of raw materials, including GaAs, SiGe and InP substrates and high purity source materials such as gallium, aluminum, arsenic, carbon, nitrite, indium and silicon;  
                
    our manufacturing cycle times and yields;  
                
    the political and economic risks associated with our reliance on outsourced Asian assembly and test suppliers;  
                
    the location of our facilities and those of our outsourced suppliers;  
                
    natural disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism, armed conflicts or unrest impacting our facilities and those of our outsourced suppliers;  
                
    our ability to hire, train, manage and retain qualified production personnel;  
     
   22 

our compliance with applicable environmental and other laws and regulations; 
                
    our ability to avoid prolonged periods of downtime or high levels of scrap in our and our suppliers  facilities for any reason; and, 
                
    our ability to negotiate renewals to our existing lease agreements on favorable terms and without disruption to our wafer processing and manufacturing and internal assembly and test operations at our sites where such activities take place. 
     If we experience issues in any of the above areas, the effectiveness of our supply chain could be adversely affected, and could harm our results of operations.  
  Our financial results may be adversely affected by increased tax rates and exposure to additional tax liabilities. 
  Our effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic composition of our worldwide earnings and tax regulations governing each region, each of which can change from period to period. We are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions and significant judgment is required to determine our worldwide tax liabilities. Our effective tax rate as well as the actual tax ultimately payable could be adversely affected by changes in the amount of our earnings attributable to countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets, changes in tax laws (or the interpretation of those laws by regulators) or tax rates (particularly in the U.S. or Ireland), increases in non-deductible expenses, the availability of tax credits, material audit assessments or repatriation of non-U.S. earnings, each of which could materially affect our profitability. Any significant increase in our effective tax rates could materially reduce our net income in future periods and decrease the value of your investment in our common stock. In addition, certain intercompany loans could be re-characterized as equity for tax purposes resulting in additional tax on the repatriation of the loan to the U.S.  
  Changes in tax laws are introduced from time to time to reform taxation of international business activities by the U.S., Ireland and other countries in which we have operations. Depending on the final form of legislation enacted, if any, these consequences may be significant for us due to the large scale of our international business activities. If any of these proposals are enacted into legislation, they could have material adverse consequences on the amount of tax we pay and, thereby, on our financial position and results of operations. 
  Our planned sale and leaseback transactions regarding our Lowell, Massachusetts headquarters building and property may not be consummated, or may lead to disruptions in our business.  
  In May 2016, we entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions (as amended, the Purchase Agreement) with Calare Properties, Inc. (Calare) for the sale and subsequent leaseback of certain parcels of property, including our corporate headquarters and wafer fabrication facility, located in Lowell, Massachusetts.  While we currently anticipate that these transactions will close in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, we cannot guarantee that the transactions will close in this timeframe or at all.  Delay in or inability to consummate the sale transaction, or delay or failure on the part of the buyer to construct a new headquarters facility onsite for us to lease, could limit our ability to hire additional staff and expand our operations at this location, result in unanticipated expense and management distraction, or otherwise disrupt our business, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
  We may experience difficulties in managing any future growth.  
  To successfully conduct business in a rapidly evolving market, we must effectively plan and manage any current and future growth. Our ability to do so will be dependent on a number of factors, including the following:  
             
    maintaining access to sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet customer demands;  
                
    arranging for sufficient supply of key raw materials and services to avoid shortages or supply bottlenecks;  
                
    building out our administrative infrastructure at the proper pace to support any current and future sales growth while maintaining operating efficiencies;  
                
    adhering to our high quality and process execution standards, particularly as we hire and train new employees and during periods of high volume;  
                
    managing the various components of our working capital effectively;  
                
    upgrading our operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, including improvement of our accounting and internal management systems; and,  
                
    maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction.  
     If we do not effectively manage any future growth, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive opportunities in the markets, our operations may be impacted, and we may experience delays in delivering products to our customers or damaged customer relationships and achieve lower than anticipated revenue and decreased profitability.  
  
   23 

We may incur higher than expected expense from or not realize the expected benefits, of consolidation, outsourcing and restructuring initiatives designed to reduce costs and increase revenue across our operations.  
  We have pursued in the past and may pursue in the future various restructuring initiatives designed to reduce costs and increase revenue across our operations, including reductions in our number of manufacturing facilities, workforce reductions, establishing certain operations closer in location to our global customers and evaluating functions that may be more efficiently performed through outsourcing arrangements. These initiatives can be substantial in scope and disruptive to our operations and they can involve large expenditures. In fiscal years   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , we incurred restructuring charges of   $3.5 million  ,   $1.3 million   and   $14.8 million  , respectively, consisting primarily of employee severance and related costs resulting from reductions in our workforce. Exiting a leased site may involve contractual or negotiated exit payments with the landlord, temporary holding over at an increased lease rate, costs to perform restoration work required by the lease or associated environmental liability, any of which may be material in amount. Consolidation of operations and outsourcing may involve substantial capital expenses and the transfer of manufacturing processes and personnel from one site to another, with resultant startup issues at the receiving site and the need for re-qualification of the transitioned operations with major customers and for ISO or other certifications. We may experience shortages of affected products, delays and higher than expected expenses. Affected employees may be distracted by the transition or may seek other employment, which could cause our overall operational efficiency to suffer. Any of these issues or our failure to realize the expected benefits of these initiatives could harm our results of operations and reduce the price of our common stock.  
  Our business may be harmed if systems manufacturers choose not to use components made of the compound semiconductor materials we utilize.  
  Silicon semiconductor technologies are the dominant process technologies for the manufacture of ICs in high-volume, commercial markets and the performance of silicon ICs continues to improve. While we use silicon for some applications, we also often use compound semiconductor technologies such as GaAs, InP, SiGe or GaN to deliver reliable operation at higher power, higher frequency or smaller form factor than a silicon solution has historically allowed. While these compound semiconductor materials offer high-performance features, it is generally more difficult to design and manufacture products with reliability and in volume using them. GaN and InP, in particular, are newer process technologies that do not have as extensive a track record of reliable performance in the field as many of the competing process technologies. Compound semiconductor technology tends to be more expensive than silicon technology due to its above-described challenges and the generally lower volumes at which parts in those processes tend to be manufactured relative to silicon parts for high-volume consumer applications.  
  System designers in some markets may be reluctant to adopt our non-silicon products or may be likely to adopt silicon products in lieu of our products if silicon products meeting their demanding performance requirements are available, because of:  
             
    their unfamiliarity with designing systems using our products;  
                
    their concerns related to manufacturing costs and yields;  
                
    their unfamiliarity with our design and manufacturing processes; or,  
                
    uncertainties about the relative cost effectiveness of our products compared to high-performance silicon components.  
       
  We cannot be certain that additional systems manufacturers will design our compound semiconductor products into their systems or that the companies that have utilized our products will continue to do so in the future. Improvements in the performance of available silicon process technologies and solutions could result in a loss of market share on our part. If our products fail to achieve or maintain market acceptance for any of the above reasons, our results of operations will suffer.  
  If we fail to comply with export control regulations we could be subject to substantial fines or other sanctions, including loss of export privileges.  
  Certain of our products are subject to the Export Administration Regulations, administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry Security, which require that we obtain an export license before we can export products or technology to specified countries. Other products are subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, which restrict the export of information and material that may be used for military or intelligence applications by a foreign person. U.S. regulators have announced  export control reform  that has changed and is expected to change many of the rules applicable to us in this area in the future in ways we do not yet fully understand and we have experienced and will continue to experience challenges in complying with the new rules as they become effective, resulting in difficulties or an inability to ship products to certain countries and customers.  
  We are also subject to U.S. import regulations and the import and export regimes of other countries in which we operate. Failure to comply with these laws could result in sanctions by the U.S. government, including substantial monetary penalties, denial of export privileges and debarment from government contracts. Export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets or prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries or customers altogether. Any change in export or import regulations or related legislation, shift in approach by regulators to the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, changes  
  
   24 

in the interpretation of existing regulations by regulators, specific sanctions by regulators or change in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could harm our business by resulting in decreased use of our products by or our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential customers with international operations. In addition, our sale of our products to or through third-party distributors, resellers and sales representatives creates the risk that any violation of these laws they may engage in may cause disruption in our markets or otherwise bring liability on us.  
  Our business may be adversely affected if we experience product returns, product liability and defects claims.  
  Our products are complex and frequently operate in high-performance, challenging environments. We may not be able to anticipate all of the possible performance or reliability problems that could arise with our products after they are released to the market. If such problems occur or become significant, we may experience reduced revenue and increased costs related to product recalls, inventory write-offs, warranty or damage claims, delays in, cancellations of or returns of product orders and other expenses. The many materials and vendors used in the manufacture of our products increase the risk that some defects may escape detection in our manufacturing process and subsequently affect our customers, even in the case of long-standing product designs. Our use of newly-developed or less mature semiconductor process technologies, such as GaN and InP, which have a less extensive track record of reliability in the field than other more mature process technologies, also increases the risk of performance and reliability problems. These matters have arisen in our operations from time to time in the past, have resulted in significant expense to us per occurrence and will likely occur again in the future. The occurrence of defects could result in product returns and liability claims, reduced product shipments, the loss of customers, the loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products, harm to our reputation, diversion of management s time and resources, lower revenue, increased expenses and reduced profitability. Any warranty or other rights we may have against our suppliers for quality issues caused by them may be more limited than those our customers have against us, based on our relative size, bargaining power or otherwise. In addition, even if we ultimately prevail, such claims could result in costly litigation, divert management s time and resources and damage our customer relationships.  
  We also face exposure to potential liability resulting from the fact that some of our customers integrate our products into consumer products such as automobiles, which are then sold to consumers in the marketplace. We may be named in product liability claims even if there is no evidence that our products caused a loss. Product liability claims could result in significant expenses in connection with the defense of such claims and possible damages. In addition, we may be required to participate in a recall if our products prove to be defective. Any product recall or product liability claim brought against us, particularly in high-volume consumer markets, could have a material negative impact on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.  
    
  The outcome of litigation in which we are involved in is unpredictable and an adverse decision in any such matter could subject us to damage awards and lower the market price of our stock.  
  From time to time we are a party to litigation matters such as those described in  Item 3 - Legal Proceedings  below. These and any other future disputes, litigations, investigations, administrative proceedings or enforcement actions we may be involved in may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations, result in negative publicity and harm our customer or supplier relationships. Although we intend to contest such matters vigorously, we cannot assure you that their outcome will be favorable to us. An adverse resolution of any such matter in the future, including the results of any amicable settlement, could subject us to material damage awards or settlement payments, loss of contractual or other rights, injunctions or other limitations on the operation of our business or other material harm to our business. 
  We face risks associated with government contracting.  
  Some of our revenue is derived from contracts with agencies of the U.S. government or subcontracts with its prime contractors. As a U.S. government contractor or subcontractor, we may be subject to federal contracting regulations, including the Federal Acquisition Regulations, which govern the allowability of costs incurred by us in the performance of U.S. government contracts. Certain contract pricing is based on estimated direct and indirect costs, which are subject to change. Additionally, the U.S. government is entitled after final payment on certain negotiated contracts to examine all of our cost records with respect to such contracts and to seek a downward adjustment to the price of the contract if it determines that we failed to furnish complete, accurate and current cost or pricing data in connection with the negotiation of the price of the contract. 
  In connection with our U.S. government business, we may also be subject to government audits and to review and approval of our policies, procedures and internal controls for compliance with procurement regulations and applicable laws. In certain circumstances, if we do not comply with the terms of a contract or with regulations or statutes, we could be subject to downward contract price adjustments or refund obligations or could in extreme circumstances be assessed civil and criminal penalties or be debarred or suspended from obtaining future contracts for a specified period of time. Any such suspension or debarment or other sanction could have an adverse effect on our business.   
  Under some of our government subcontracts, we are required to maintain secure facilities and to obtain security clearances for personnel involved in performance of the contract, in compliance with applicable federal standards. Complying with these standards can be both costly and time consuming, and can adversely affect our ability to compete in commercial markets.  If we were unable to comply  
  
   25 

with these requirements or if personnel critical to our performance of these contracts were to lose their security clearances, we might be unable to perform these contracts or compete for other projects of this nature, which could adversely affect our revenue. 
  Our limited ability to protect our proprietary information and technology may adversely affect our ability to compete.  
  Our future success and ability to compete is dependent in part upon our protection of our proprietary information and technology through patent filings, enforcement of agreements related to intellectual property and otherwise. We cannot be certain that any patents we apply for will be issued or that any claims allowed from pending applications will be of sufficient scope or strength to provide meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Our competitors may also be able to design around our patents. Similarly, counterparties to our intellectual property agreements may fail to comply with their obligations under those agreements, requiring us to resort to expensive and time-consuming litigation in an attempt to protect our rights, which may or may not be successful. The laws of some countries in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold, may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws, increasing the possibility of piracy of our technology and products. Although we intend to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights, we may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our technology or may need to expend significant financial and other resources in defending our rights.  
  In addition, we rely on trade secrets, technical know-how and other unpatented proprietary information relating to our product development and manufacturing activities. We try to protect this information by entering into confidentiality agreements with employees and other parties. We cannot be sure that these agreements will be adequate and will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach or that our trade secrets and proprietary know-how will not otherwise become known or independently discovered by others.  
  Additionally, our competitors may independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain or use our products or technology. Patent litigation is expensive and our ability to enforce our patents and other intellectual property, is limited by our financial resources and is subject to general litigation risks. If we seek to enforce our rights, we may be subject to claims that the intellectual property rights are invalid, are otherwise not enforceable or are licensed to the party against whom we assert a claim. In addition, our assertion of intellectual property rights could result in the other party seeking to assert alleged intellectual property rights of its own against us, which is a frequent occurrence in such litigations.  
  We may need to modify our activities or incur substantial costs to comply with environmental laws, and if we fail to comply with environmental laws we could be subject to substantial fines or be required to change our operations.  
  We are subject to a variety of international, federal, state and local governmental regulations directed at preventing or mitigating climate change and other environmental harms, as well as to the storage, discharge, handling, generation, disposal and labeling of toxic or other hazardous substances used to manufacture our products. If we fail to comply with these regulations, substantial fines could be imposed on us and we could be required to suspend production, alter manufacturing processes, cease operations or remediate polluted land, air or groundwater, any of which could have a negative effect on our revenue, results of operations and business. Failure to comply with environmental regulations could subject us to civil or criminal sanctions and property damage or personal injury claims. Compliance with current or future environmental laws and regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or build new facilities, or require us to acquire additional expensive equipment, modify our manufacturing processes, or incur other substantial expenses which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, under some of these laws and regulations, we could be held financially responsible for remedial measures if our properties or, those nearby are contaminated, even if we did not cause the contamination. We have incurred in the past and may in the future incur environmental liability based on the actions of prior owners, lessees or neighbors of sites we have leased or may lease in the future or sites we become associated with due to acquisitions. We cannot predict:  
             
    changes in environmental or health and safety laws or regulations;  
                
    the manner in which environmental or health and safety laws or regulations will be enforced, administered or interpreted;  
                
    our ability to enforce and collect under any indemnity agreements and insurance policies relating to environmental liabilities; or,  
                
    the cost of compliance with future environmental or health and safety laws or regulations or the costs associated with any future environmental claims, including the cost of clean-up of currently unknown environmental conditions.  
     In addition to the costs of complying with environmental, health and safety requirements, we may in the future incur costs defending against environmental litigation brought by government agencies, lessors at sites we currently lease or have been associated with in the past and other private parties. We may be defendants in lawsuits brought by parties in the future alleging environmental damage, personal injury or property damage. A significant judgment or fine levied against us or agreed settlement payment, could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
  
   26 

Environmental regulations such as the WEEE and RoHS directives limit our flexibility and may require us to incur material expense.  
  Various countries require companies selling a broad range of electrical equipment to conform to regulations such as the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) and the European Directive 2002/95/Ec on Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS). New environmental standards such as these could require us to redesign our products in order to comply with the standards, require the development of compliance administration systems or otherwise limit our flexibility in running our business or require us to incur substantial compliance costs. For example, RoHS requires that certain substances be removed from most electronic components. The WEEE directive makes producers of electrical and electronic equipment financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and future covered products. We have already invested significant resources into complying with these regimes, and further investments may be required. Alternative designs implemented in response to regulation may be costlier to produce, resulting in an adverse effect on our gross profit margin. If we cannot develop compliant products in a timely fashion or properly administer our compliance programs, our revenue may also decline due to lower sales, which would adversely affect our operating results. Further, if we were found to be non-compliant with any rule or regulation, we could be subject to fines, penalties and/or restrictions imposed by government agencies that could adversely affect our operating results.  
  Our term loan and revolving credit facility could result in outstanding debt with a claim to our assets that is senior to that of our stockholders and may have other adverse effects on our results of operations.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have a term loan outstanding of   $591.5 million   and a revolving credit facility with $130.0 million of available borrowing capacity. The facility is secured by a first priority lien on our assets and those of our domestic subsidiaries. The amount of our indebtedness could have important consequences, including the following:  
             
    we may be limited in our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes;  
                
    we may be limited in our ability to make distributions to our stockholders in a sale or liquidation until our debt is repaid in full;  
                
    we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, less able to withstand competitive pressures and less flexible in responding to changing business and economic conditions;  
                
    our cash flow from operations will be allocated to the payment of the principal of and interest on, any outstanding indebtedness; and,  
                
    we cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or other sources to enable us to meet our payment obligations under the facility and to fund other liquidity needs.  
     Our credit facility also contains certain restrictive covenants that may limit or eliminate our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt, sell, lease or transfer our assets, pay dividends, make investments and loans, make acquisitions, guarantee debt or obligations, create liens, enter into transactions with our affiliates, enter into new lines of business and enter into certain merger, consolidation or other reorganizations transactions. These restrictions could limit our ability to withstand downturns in our business or the economy in general or to take advantage of business opportunities that may arise, any of which could place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors that are not subject to such restrictions. If we breach a loan covenant, the lenders could either refuse to lend funds to us or accelerate the repayment of any outstanding borrowings under the credit facility. We might not have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness upon a default. If we are unable to repay the indebtedness, the lenders could initiate a bankruptcy proceeding against us or collection proceedings with respect to our subsidiaries securing the facility, which could materially decrease the value of our common stock.  
  Customer demands and regulations related to  conflict  minerals may force us to incur additional expenses and liabilities.  
  Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the SEC promulgated rules regarding disclosure and reporting requirements for companies who use  conflict  minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries in their products. In the semiconductor industry, these minerals are most commonly found in metals used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices and related assemblies. These requirements may adversely affect our ability to source related minerals and metals and increase our related cost. We face difficulties and increased expense associated with complying with the related disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of any conflict minerals used in our products. Continued timely reporting is dependent upon the improvement and implementation of new systems and processes and information supplied by our suppliers of products that contain or potentially contain, conflict minerals. Our supply chain is complex and some suppliers may be unwilling to share related confidential information regarding the source of their products or may provide us information that is inaccurate or inadequate. If those risks arise or if our processes in obtaining that information do not fulfill the SEC s requirements, we may face both reputational challenges and SEC enforcement risks based on our inability to sufficiently verify the origins of the subject minerals and metals or otherwise. More recently, executive orders issued by the President of the United States have increased sanctions in this area as well, which may impact us in the scenarios described above. Moreover, we may encounter challenges to satisfy any related requirements of our customers, which may be different from or more onerous than the requirements of the related SEC rules and executive orders. If we  
  
   27 

cannot satisfy these customers, they may choose a competitor s products or may choose to disqualify us as a supplier and we may experience lower than expected revenues or have to write off inventory in the event that it becomes unsalable as a result of these regulations.  
  We are a holding company and rely on dividends, distributions and other payments, advances and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations.  
  As a holding company, we derive substantially all of our cash flow from our subsidiaries. Because we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries, we depend on those entities for dividends and other payments or distributions to meet our operating needs. Legal and contractual restrictions in any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. The deterioration of the earnings from or other available assets of, our subsidiaries for any reason could limit or impair their ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us.  
    
  Variability in self-insurance liability estimates could adversely impact our results of operations.  
  We self-insure for employee health insurance and workers  compensation insurance coverage up to a predetermined level, beyond which we maintain stop-loss insurance from a third-party insurer. Our aggregate exposure varies from year to year based upon the number of participants in our insurance plans. We estimate our self-insurance liabilities using an analysis provided by our claims administrator and our historical claims experience. Our accruals for insurance reserves reflect these estimates and other management judgments, which are subject to a high degree of variability. If the number or severity of claims for which we self-insure increases, it could cause a material and adverse change to our reserves for self-insurance liabilities, as well as to our earnings.  
  We rely on third parties to provide corporate infrastructure services necessary for the operation of our business. Any failure of one or more of our vendors to provide these services could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
  We rely on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services, including, among other things, certain services related to information technology and network development and monitoring. We depend on these vendors to ensure that our corporate infrastructure will consistently meet our business requirements. The ability of these third-party vendors to successfully provide reliable, high quality services is subject to technical and operational uncertainties that are beyond our control. While we may be entitled to damages if our vendors fail to perform under their agreements with us, our agreements with these vendors limit the amount of damages we may receive. In addition, we do not know whether we will be able to collect on any award of damages or that any such damages would be sufficient to cover the actual costs we would incur as a result of any vendor s failure to perform under its agreement with us. Any failure of our corporate infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Upon expiration or termination of any of our agreements with third-party vendors, we may not be able to replace the services provided to us in a timely manner or on terms and conditions, including service levels and cost, that are favorable to us and a transition from one vendor to another vendor could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies until the transition is complete.  
  Our business and operations could suffer in the event of a security breach, cybersecurity incident or disruption of our information technology systems.  
  We increasingly rely on sophisticated information technology systems throughout our company to keep financial records and customer data, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, assist in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities and operate other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications and email. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. If we fail to maintain the integrity of our systems or data or if we experience a prolonged disruption in the information technology systems that involve our internal communications or our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely and materially affect our business.  
  We may also be subject to security breaches caused by computer viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, or acts of vandalism by employees or third parties.  Cyber attacks and attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems are becoming more frequent and sophisticated and may be successful. These attempts, which might be related to industrial or other espionage, include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks and impersonating authorized users, among others. We seek to detect, contain and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. The theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business and reputation. To the extent that any security breach impacts the operation of our products in the field or results in inappropriate disclosure of our customers  confidential information, we may incur liability, reputational damage or impaired business relationships as a result, which could harm our business. While we expect to continually invest in additional resources and services to bolster the security of our information technology systems, no amount of investment will eliminate these risks entirely. 
  
   28 

In addition, global privacy legislation, enforcement and policy activity are rapidly expanding and creating a complex data privacy compliance environment. A failure to comply with federal, state or international privacy related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others.  
  We may be subject to liabilities based on alleged links between the semiconductor manufacturing process and certain illnesses and birth defects. 
  In recent years, there has been increased media scrutiny and associated reports regarding a potential link between working in semiconductor manufacturing clean room environments and birth defects and certain illnesses, primarily cancer. Regulatory agencies and industry associations have begun to study the issue to determine if any actual correlation exists. Because we utilize clean rooms, we may become subject to liability claims alleging personal injury. In addition, these reports may also affect our ability to recruit and retain employees. A significant judgment against us or material defense costs could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.  
  Although we currently do not have reason to believe that any of our net operating loss carryforwards will expire unutilized, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change,  the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be significantly limited. An ownership change is generally defined as a greater than 50% change in equity ownership by value over a three year period. We may experience such an ownership change in the future as a result of shifts in our stock ownership, including upon the issuance of our common stock, the exercise of stock options or warrants or as a result of any conversion of our convertible notes into shares of our common stock, among other things. If we were to trigger an ownership change in the future, our ability to use any net operating loss carryforwards existing at that time could be limited, resulting in higher than anticipated taxes payable and lower than expected net income and earnings per share.  
  Our portfolio of marketable securities is significant and subject to market, interest and credit risk that may reduce its value.    
  We maintain a significant portfolio of marketable securities. Changes in the value of this portfolio could adversely affect our earnings. In particular, the value of our investments may decline due to increases or decreases in interest rates, downgrades of money market funds, commercial paper, U.S. Treasuries and corporate bonds included in our portfolio, instability in the global financial markets that reduces the liquidity of securities included in our portfolio and other factors. Each of these events may cause us to record charges to reduce the carrying value of our investment portfolio or sell investments for less than our acquisition cost. 
  Risks Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock  
  We may engage in future capital-raising transactions that dilute the ownership of our existing stockholders or cause us to incur debt.  
  We may issue additional equity, debt or convertible securities to raise capital in the future. If we do, existing stockholders may experience significant further dilution. In addition, new investors may demand rights, preferences or privileges that differ from or are senior to, those of our existing stockholders. Our incurrence of indebtedness could limit our operating flexibility and be detrimental to our results of operations.  
  The market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors.  
  We cannot predict the prices at which our common stock will trade.  The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. In addition to the risks described in this Annual Report, other factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include:  
             
    changes in general economic, industry and market conditions;  
                
    domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance;  
                
    actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results;  
                
    changes in or failure to meet publicly disclosed expectations as to our future financial performance;  
                
    changes in securities analysts  estimates of our financial performance or lack of research and reports by industry analysts;  
                
    changes in market valuations or earnings of similar companies;  
                
    changes in investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 
                
    addition or loss of significant customers;  
     
   29 

announcements by us or our competitors, customers or suppliers of significant products, contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships or other events;  
                
    developments or disputes concerning patents or proprietary rights, including any injunction issued or material sums paid for damage awards, settlement payments, license fees, attorney s fees or other litigation expenses associated with intellectual property lawsuits we may initiate, or in which we may be named as defendants;  
                
    failure to complete significant sales or to win a competitive selection process;  
                
    developments concerning current or future strategic alliances or acquisitions;  
                
    any future sales of our common stock or other securities; and,  
                
    additions or departures of directors, executives or key personnel.  
     Furthermore, the stock markets recently have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.  
    
  If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.  
  The trading market for our common stock may depend on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or change their opinion of our common stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease their coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.  
  Our common stock price may decline if a substantial number of shares are sold in the market by our stockholders.  
  Future sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Increased sales of our common stock in the market for any reason could exert significant downward pressure on our stock price. These sales also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price we deem appropriate.  
  If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, investor confidence in our business and the trading prices of our securities. 
  We are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting that are effective for the purposes described in Item 9A. "Controls and Procedures" below. 
  As disclosed in Item 9A.  "Controls and Procedures  below, in fiscal year 2015 our management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to our information technology general controls in the areas of user access and program change management for certain information technology systems that comprise part of our system of internal control over financial reporting and are relevant to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.  A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of this material weakness, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective during the previously reported fiscal year ended October 2, 2015. 
  During fiscal year 2016, we developed and implemented a remediation plan designed to address this material weakness.  As of September 30, 2016, this material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting related to our information technology general controls in the areas of user access and program change management for certain information technology systems had been remediated.  However, if our remediation efforts insufficiently addressed the identified material weakness or if additional material weaknesses in our internal controls are discovered in the future, they may adversely affect our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information timely and accurately and, as a result, our financial statements may contain material misstatements or omissions, which could result in regulatory scrutiny, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial condition and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow results of operations or the trading price of our stock. 
  Some of our stockholders can exert control over us and they may not make decisions that reflect our interests or those of other stockholders.  
  
   30 

Our largest stockholders control a significant amount of our outstanding common stock. As of   September 30, 2016  , John and Susan Ocampo beneficially owned 40.5% of our common stock and certain investment funds affiliated with Summit Partners, L.P. owned 4.9% of our common stock on an as-converted basis. As a result, these stockholders will be able to exert a significant degree of influence over our management and affairs and control over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of our directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. In addition, this concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a change in control of us and might affect the market price of our securities. In addition, the interests of these stockholders may not always coincide with your interests or the interests of other stockholders.  
  Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could prevent or delay a change in control of our company that stockholders may consider beneficial and may adversely affect the price of our stock.  
  Provisions of our fifth amended and restated certificate of incorporation and third amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or change of control that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. The existence of these provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions include authorization of the issuance of  blank check  preferred stock, staggered elections of directors and advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors and for proposing matters to be submitted to a stockholder vote. Provisions of Delaware law may also discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with our company or obtaining control of our company. Specifically, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law may prohibit business combinations with stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock.  Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us and this reliance could reduce our value.  
  We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.  
  We do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends is restricted under the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness. In addition, because we are a holding company, our ability to pay cash dividends may be limited by restrictions on our ability to obtain sufficient funds through dividends from subsidiaries, including restrictions under the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 
   
  ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
  None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
  In May 2016, we entered into the Purchase Agreement for the sale and subsequent leaseback of our 157,600 square foot semiconductor manufacturing and corporate headquarters facility and related property located in Lowell, Massachusetts, which we expect to close during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. 
  We also maintain leased facilities for our design centers located in Massachusetts, California, North Carolina, New York, Rhode Island, Ireland, the United Kingdom, France, the Netherlands, Japan, Australia and China as well as for our administrative, assembly and test operations located in California, New Hampshire, and Taiwan, and our local sales offices in Oregon, Canada, Germany, Malaysia, China, Japan, India, and South Korea. We believe that our leased facilities are adequate for our present operations. In addition to our corporate headquarters facility the following is a list of our main leased facilities and their primary functions. 

31 

For additional information regarding property, plant and equipment by geographic region for each of the last two fiscal years, see Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. - "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" below. 
   
  ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.      
  From time to time we may be subject to commercial and employment disputes, claims by other companies in the industry that we have infringed their intellectual property rights and other similar claims and litigations. Any such claims may lead to future litigation and material damages and defense costs. Other than as set forth below, we were not involved in any pending legal proceedings as of the filing date of this Annual Report that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 
    GaN Lawsuit Against Infineon  .   On April 26, 2016, we and our wholly-owned subsidiary Nitronex brought suit against International Rectifier Corporation (International Rectifier), Infineon Technologies Americas Corporation (Infineon Americas), and Infineon Technologies AG (Infineon AG) (collectively, Infineon) in the Federal District Court for the Central District of California, seeking injunctive relief, monetary damages, and specific performance of certain contractual obligations.  On July 19, 2016, we filed a first amended complaint omitting International Rectifier as a defendant (since we had been advised that formal legal entity no longer exists) and adding a further claim of breach of contract based on some of Infineon s GaN-on-Si product activities, among other changes.  The suit arises out of agreements relating to GaN patents that were executed in 2010 by Nitronex (acquired by MACOM in 2014) and International Rectifier (acquired by Infineon AG in 2015).  We assert claims for breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, declaratory judgment of contractual rights, and declaratory judgment of non-infringement of patents.  If successful, the relief sought in our first amended complaint would, among other remedies, require Infineon to assign back to us certain GaN-related Nitronex patents that were previously assigned to International Rectifier and enjoin Infineon from proceeding with its marketing and sales of certain types of GaN-on-Si products.  On August 9, 2016, we moved for a preliminary injunction on our Third Claim for Relief, which seeks a declaration that the 2010 exclusive license from Infineon to MACOM is still in effect, and asking the Court to enjoin Infineon from acting inconsistently with that license.  On August 17, 2016, both Infineon entities moved to dismiss our claims asserted against them on various grounds.  In an order dated October 31, 2016, the Court:  (a) granted MACOM s motion for preliminary injunction; (b) denied Infineon Americas  motion to dismiss; and (c) granted in part and denied in part Infineon AG s motion to dismiss. 
   
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
  Not applicable.  

32 

PART II 
   
  ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
  Our common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol  MTSI  since March 15, 2012. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low sale prices of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. The number of stockholders of record of our common stock as of   November 11, 2016   was approximately   13  . The number of stockholders of record does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held by nominees in street name. 
  The high and low sales prices of our common stock by quarter in fiscal years   2016   and   2015   follows: 

We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our credit facility also contains restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends, subject to certain exceptions. 
  Stock Price Performance Graph  
  The following graph shows a comparison from   March 15, 2012   (the date our common stock commenced trading on NASDAQ) through   September 30, 2016   of the total cumulative return of our common stock with the total cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the PHLX Semiconductor Index. The amounts represented below assume an investment of $100 in our common stock at the closing price of   $20.55   on   March 15, 2012   and in the NASDAQ Composite Index and the PHLX Semiconductor Index on the closest month end date of   February 29, 2012  , and assume reinvestment of dividends. The comparisons in the graph are historical and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. 
  
   33 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(1) 
    In 2011, our Board of Directors approved  withhold to cover  as a tax payment method for vesting of restricted stock awards for our employees. Pursuant to an election for  withhold to cover  made by our employees in connection with the vesting of such awards, all of which were outside of a publicly-announced repurchase plan, we withheld from such employees the shares noted in the table above to cover tax withholding related to the vesting of their awards. The average prices listed in the above table are averages of the fair market prices at which we valued shares withheld for purposes of calculating the number of shares to be withheld. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 
    
  You should read the following selected financial data in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes, as well as "Item 1 - Risk Factors  and "Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
  In December 2015, we acquired Metelics, a diode supplier. We acquired Metelics to expand our diode business. The operations of Metelics are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
  In December 2015, we completed the acquisition of FiBest, a Japan-based merchant market component supplier of optical sub-assemblies. We acquired FiBest to expand our position in optical networking components. The operations of FiBest are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
  
   34 

In August 2015, we divested the Automotive business to Autoliv based on our belief that the business was not consistent with our long-term strategic vision from either a growth or profitability perspective. 
  In December 2014, we completed the acquisition of BinOptics, a supplier of high-performance photonic semiconductor products.  The operations of BinOptics are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
  In December 2013, we completed the acquisition of Mindspeed, a supplier of high performance analog products.  The operations of Mindspeed have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. 
  Subsequent to closing the Mindspeed Acquisition, in February 2014, we divested the wireless business of Mindspeed.  The operations of the wireless business are included in discontinued operations. 
  In May 2014, we completed the sale of Mindspeed's CPE product line for $12.0 million and an additional $2.0 million based upon the achievement of certain revenue-related milestones through December 31, 2014.  During the quarter ended April 3, 2015, these milestones were achieved and we recorded income related to this contingent consideration of $2.0 million. 
  We acquired Nitronex in February 2014. Because we and Nitronex were under common control since June 25, 2012, we present combined financial statements in a manner similar to a pooling-of-interests for all periods since June 25, 2012, the earliest date of common control. Accordingly, our historical financial statements have been retroactively combined as if Nitronex was acquired on June 25, 2012. All periods from June 25, 2012, have been combined using historical amounts of each entity.  
  We derived (i) the statements of operations data for the fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , and (ii) the balance sheet data as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , from our audited consolidated financial statements, which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. We derived the statements of operations data for the fiscal years   2013   and   2012   and balance sheet data as of   September 27, 2013   and   September 28, 2012   from our audited consolidated financial statements, adjusted for discontinued operations, which do not appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. We adopted a 52-or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Friday closest to September 30. 
  The historical results presented below are not necessarily indicative of financial results to be achieved in future periods. 
  
   35 

_______________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    See Results of Operations in Item 8 and Consolidated Statements of Operations and our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 
              (2) 
    Represents changes in the fair value of certain features of our warrant and Class B convertible preferred stock that were recorded as liabilities and adjusted each reporting period to fair value. The convertible preferred stock liability was settled in connection with our initial public offering (IPO) in March 2012. 
     
   36 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 
    
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ substantially and adversely from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including but not limited to those described below and in Item 1A  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

OVERVIEW 
  See   Item 1 - Business   for additional information. 
  We are a leading provider of high-performance analog semiconductor solutions that enable next-generation internet applications, the cloud connected apps economy and the modern, networked battlefield across the radio frequency (RF), microwave, millimeterwave and photonic spectrum. We design and manufacture differentiated, high-value products for customers who demand high performance, quality and reliability. We offer a broad portfolio of over   4,500   standard and custom devices, which include integrated circuits (IC), multi-chip modules, power pallets and transistors, diodes, amplifiers, switches and switch limiters, passive and active components and complete subsystems, across approximately   40   product lines serving over   6,500   end customers in   three   primary markets. Our semiconductor products are electronic components that our customers incorporate into their larger electronic systems, such as, point-to-point wireless backhaul radios, high density networks, active antenna arrays, radar, magnetic resonance imaging systems (MRI) and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Our primary markets are: Networks, which includes carrier and enterprise infrastructure, wired broadband and cellular backhaul, cellular infrastructure, photonic solutions, data centers and fiber optic applications; Aerospace and Defense (A D), which includes military and commercial radar, RF jammers, electronic countermeasures, and communication data links; and, Multi-market, which includes industrial, medical, test and measurement and scientific applications. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
  We have   one   reportable operating segment. All intercompany balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  Certain prior period financial statement amounts, including debt issuance costs, have been adjusted to conform to currently reported presentations. 
  We have a 52 or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Friday closest to the last day of September. The fiscal year   2016   included   52   weeks, fiscal year   2015   included   52   weeks and fiscal year   2014   included   53   weeks. To offset the effect of holidays, for fiscal years in which there are 53 weeks, we include the extra week arising in our fiscal years in the first quarter. 
  Description of Our Revenue 
  Revenue.   Substantially all of our revenue is derived from sales of high-performance analog semiconductor solutions for use in wireless and wireline applications across the RF, microwave, millimeterwave and photonic spectrum and in high speed communications. We design, integrate, manufacture and package differentiated product solutions that we sell to customers through our direct sales organization, our network of independent sales representatives and our distributors. 
  We believe the primary drivers of our future revenue growth will include: 
             
    engaging early with our lead customers to develop custom and standard products and solutions that can be driven across multiple growth markets; 
                
    leveraging our core strength and leadership position in standard, catalog products that service all of our end applications; 
                
    increasing content of our semiconductor solutions in our customers  systems through cross-selling of our more than   40   product lines; 
                
    introducing new products through internal development and acquisitions with market reception that command higher prices based on the application of advanced technologies such as GaN, added features, higher levels of integration and improved performance; and 
                
    continued growth in the demand for high-performance analog and optical semiconductors in our   three   primary markets in particular. 
     Our core strategy is to develop and innovate high-performance products that address our customers  most difficult technical challenges in our primary markets: Networks, A D and Multi-market. While sales in any or all of our primary markets may slow or decline from period to period, over the long-term we generally expect to benefit from strength in these markets. 
  We expect our revenue in the Networks market to be primarily driven by continued upgrades and expansion of communications equipment to support the proliferation of mobile computing devices such as smartphones and tablets, increasing adoption of bandwidth rich services such as video on demand and cloud computing, the rapid adoption of cloud-based services and the migration to an application centric architecture, which we expect will drive adoption of higher speed, low latency optical and wireless links. 
  
   37 

We expect our revenue in the A D market to be driven by the upgrading of radar systems and modern battlefield communications equipment and networks designed to improve situational awareness. Growth in this market is subject to changes in governmental programs and budget funding, which is difficult to predict. 
  We expect revenue in Multi-market to be driven by diverse demand for our multi-purpose catalog products. 
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
  Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements. The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP), requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty and could be material if our actual or expected experience were to change unexpectedly. On an ongoing basis, we re-evaluate our estimates and judgments.  
  We base our estimates and judgments on our historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making the judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates and material effects on our operating results and financial position may result. The accounting policies which our management believes involve the most significant application of judgment or involve complex estimation, are inventories and associated reserves; goodwill and intangibles asset valuations and associated impairment assessments; revenue reserves; contingent consideration valuations and share-based compensation valuations.   
  When we evaluate inventory for excess quantities and obsolescence we utilize historical product usage experience and expected demand for establishing our reserve estimates. Our actual product usage may vary from the historical experience and estimating demand is inherently difficult, particularly given the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry, both of these factors may result in us recording excess and obsolete inventory amounts that do not match the required amounts.   
  Significant management judgment is required in our valuation of goodwill and intangible assets and when assessing for potential impairment, many of which are based the creation of forecasts of future operating results that are used in the valuation, including (i) estimation of future cash flows, (ii) estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, (iii) estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, (iv) terminal values, if applicable, and (v) the determination of our weighted average cost of capital, which helps determine the discount rate. It is possible that these forecasts may change and our performance projections included in our forecasts of future results prove to be inaccurate. If our actual results, or the forecasts and estimates used in future impairment analysis, are lower than the original estimates used to assess the recoverability of these assets, we could incur additional impairment charges. The value of our goodwill and purchased intangible assets could also be impacted by future adverse changes such as: (i) as: (i) a decline in the valuation of technology company stocks, including the valuation of our common stock, (ii) a significant slowdown in the worldwide economy or the semiconductor industry, or (iii) the abandonment of any of our acquired in-process research and development, or IPR D, projects. 
  We establish revenue reserves, primarily for distributor price adjustments, which requires the use of judgment and estimates that impact the amount and timing of revenue recognition. We record reductions of revenue for such distributor pricing adjustments in the same period that the related revenue is recorded based on estimates of historical pricing adjustments granted to distributors. The actual pricing adjustments granted to distributors may significantly exceed or be less than the historical estimates resulting in adjustments to revenue in the incorrect period. 
  We estimate the fair value of contingent consideration by discounting the associated expected cash flows, using a probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model. The estimate of the fair value of contingent consideration requires subjective assumptions to be made regarding future operating results, discount rates and probabilities assigned to various potential operating result scenarios. These subjective assumptions and probabilities may be materially different from actual outcomes requiring us to make significant adjustments to such contingent consideration amounts. 
  We account for share-based compensation arrangements using the fair value method as described in   Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   to our Consolidated Financial Statements.  There are a significant number of estimates and assumptions required for the initial valuation of certain transactions as well as for the ongoing valuation of certain share-based compensation items.  These estimates may vary significantly and the assumptions may not be accurate resulting us to make adjustments to historically recorded balances.  Historically, we have not experienced material differences in our estimates and actual results. 
  For additional information related to these and other accounting policies refer to   Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report which is incorporated by reference herein. 
  
   38 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  As discussed in Note 20 - Discontinued Operations, to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, we have adjusted certain amounts associated with these businesses in our results of operations, cash flows and assets and liabilities as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our statement of operations data (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Includes (a) Amortization expense related to intangible assets arising from acquisitions and (b) Share-based compensation expense included in our consolidated statements of operations is set forth below (in thousands): 

(2) 
    Represents changes in the fair value of common stock warrants recorded as liabilities and adjusted each reporting period to fair value. 
                (5) 
    In fiscal year 2014, cost of revenue, research and development and selling, general and administrative includes approximately $1.4 million, $4.5 million and $13.9 million, respectively, of costs related to the acquisition and integration of Mindspeed. 
              (6) 
    See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
              (7) 
    We recorded impairment charges of $11.8 million during fiscal year 2016 as we made a strategic decision to exit the product line and end programs associated with our GaN-on Silicon Carbide license and technology transfer.  
     The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our statement of operations data expressed as a percentage of our revenue: 
  
   39 

Comparison of Fiscal Year Ended   September 30, 2016   to Fiscal Year Ended   October 2, 2015    
  Revenue.   In fiscal year   2016  , our revenue increased   $123.7 million   or   29.4%  , to   $544.3 million   from   $420.6 million   for fiscal year   2015  . 
  Revenue from our primary markets, the percentage of change between the years and revenue by primary markets expressed as a percentage of total revenue were (in thousands, except percentages): 

For fiscal year 2015, the table above includes $17.4 million recognized in connection with a change in estimate related to distribution revenue recognition. These amounts were primarily recorded in the first fiscal quarter of 2015 and include $6.1 million related to Networks, $5.6 million related to A D and $5.7 million related to Multi-market. 
  In fiscal year   2016  , our Networks market revenue increased by   $119.8 million  , or   43.7%  , compared to fiscal year   2015  .  The increase was primarily related to our sales of products acquired in the BinOptics Acquisition in December 2014 and the FiBest Acquisition in December 2015 as well as increased sales of our products addressing carrier infrastructure, fiber to the home access networks, initial 100G long haul deployments, and other optical and optoelectronic applications. These increases were partially offset by lower demand for our products targeting wired broadband and wireless backhaul as well as the distributor revenue adjustment recorded during 2015. 
  In fiscal year   2016  , our A D market revenue decreased by   $7.4 million   or   8.9%  , compared to fiscal year   2015  . The decrease was primarily due to the impact of the change in distributor revenue recognition during fiscal 2015, as well as lower demand for products targeting satellite communication applications during 2016, which were partially offset by incremental revenue from the December 2015 Metelics Acquisition. 
  
   40 

In fiscal year   2016  , our Multi-market revenues increased   $11.4 million   or   18.0%  , compared to fiscal year   2015  . The increase was primarily due to incremental revenue from the December 2015 Metelics Acquisition, partially offset by the change in distributor revenue recognition during 2015.  
  Gross profit.   In fiscal year   2016  , our gross profit increased by   $78.0 million   or   38.3%  , compared to fiscal   2015  . Gross margin of   51.7%  , increased   330   basis points, compared to fiscal year   2015  . Gross profit during   2016   was positively impacted by increased sales of higher gross margin products, revenue and the associated profit from newly acquired businesses, as well as lower expenses associated with the step-up in fair value of inventory related to acquisitions, partially offset by higher compensation and  depreciation expense from newly acquired businesses, charges associated with the exit of one of our product lines incurred during the second fiscal quarter of 2016, as well as lower margins for certain products due to forward pricing in exchange for volume orders.  
  Research and development.   In fiscal year   2016  , research and development expense increased   $25.5 million  , or   31.0%  , to   $107.7 million   representing   19.8%   of revenue, compared with   $82.2 million   or   19.5%   of revenue in fiscal year   2015  . Research and development expense increased in   2016   primarily as a result of additional costs from our acquisitions, higher share-based and variable compensation as well as increased spending on new product development initiatives. 
  Selling, general and administrative.   In fiscal year   2016  , SG A expense increased   $35.4 million   or   32.2%  , to   $145.4 million  , or   26.7%   of revenue, compared with   $110.0 million  , or   26.2%   of revenue for fiscal year   2015  .  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in 2016 primarily due to higher intangible amortization, share-based and variable compensation as well as additional costs from acquisitions, partially offset by lower acquisition related compensation and transaction expenses. 
  Impairment charges  . We recorded impairment charges of $11.8 million during fiscal year 2016 as we made a strategic decision to exit a product line and end programs associated with our GaN-on Silicon Carbide license and technology transfer. As a result of this strategic decision, we determined that the intangible assets and contractual commitments under the long term technology licensing and transfer agreement signed in July 2013, as well as inventory with a value of $2.0 million would no longer have any future benefit. There were no impairment charges recorded in the prior fiscal year. 
  Restructuring charges.   In fiscal year   2016  , restructuring charges were   $3.5 million   or   0.6%   of our revenue compared with   $1.3 million   or   0.3%   of our revenue for fiscal year   2015  .  The increase in restructuring charges during 2016 was primarily related to the Metelics Acquisition. We expect to incur additional restructuring costs of approximately   $1.0 million   to   $3.0 million   during the remainder of calendar year 2016.  
  Warrant liability  . In fiscal year   2016  , we recorded warrant expense of   $16.4 million   compared to an expense of   $6.0 million   for fiscal year   2015  . The expense relates to the change in the estimated fair value of common stock warrants we issued in December 2010, which we carry as a liability at fair value.  Our common stock price is a key input in determining the fair value of the warrant liability and has increased over the past year which has resulted in a higher expense.   
  Provision f  or income taxes. In fiscal year   2016  , the provision for income taxes was a benefit of   $18.0 million   compared to a benefit of   $9.9 million   for fiscal year   2015  . The benefit increased primarily due to a decrease in the current period taxable loss in the U.S., partially offset by income taxed in foreign jurisdictions. 
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we identified and corrected a prior period error where we understated our income tax benefit during 2013 through 2015. This was a result of the incorrect recording of intercompany pretax income among a few of our operating entities and due to the fact that these entities had different statutory tax rates. The out-of-period correction resulted in a $3.9 million increase in income tax benefit in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 of which $1.7 million, $1.0 million and $1.2 million related to the prior fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
  The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 35% and the Company s effective income tax rates for fiscal year   2016   and   2015  , was primarily impacted by changes in fair value of the stock warrant liability which is not deductible for tax purposes, as well as income taxed in foreign jurisdictions at tax rates generally lower than the U.S. rate, research and development credits and non-deductible compensation. 
  During fiscal year   2016  , the Company s unrecognized tax benefits did not change and remained at $1.7 million.  The unrecognized tax benefits primarily relate to positions taken by the Company in its 2014 U.S. tax filings.  During fiscal year 2014, the Company settled the federal audit for fiscal years 2011 and 2012 with no material impact upon the financial statements. 
    
  Comparison of Fiscal Year Ended   October 2, 2015   to Fiscal Year Ended   October 3, 2014    
  Revenue.   In fiscal year 2015, our revenue increased $81.4 million, or 24.0%, to $420.6 million from $339.2 million in fiscal year 2014 
  Revenue from our primary markets, the percentage of change between the years, and revenue by primary markets expressed as a percentage of total revenue were (in thousands, except percentages): 
  
   41 

For fiscal year 2015, the table above includes $17.4 million recognized in connection with a change in estimate related to distribution revenue recognition. These amounts were primarily recorded in the first fiscal quarter of 2015 and include $6.1 million related to Networks, $5.6 million related to A D and $5.7 million related to Multi-market. 
  In fiscal year 2015, our Networks market revenue increased by $90.6 million or 49.4%, compared to fiscal year 2014. The increase in revenue was primarily from sales of products from the BinOptics Acquisition in December 2014, and the full year impact of the Mindspeed Acquisition in December 2013. Each of these acquisitions expanded our product offerings significantly.  
  In fiscal year 2015, our A D market revenue decreased by $4.3 million or 4.9%, compared to fiscal year 2014. We attribute this decrease to lower demand and shipments of certain legacy radar programs as well as the impact of cyclical demand for radar applications.  
  In fiscal year 2015, our Multi-market revenues decreased $4.9 million or 7.2%, compared to fiscal year 2014. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to lower general market demand for catalog products, partially offset by distributor revenue adjustments associated with a change in estimate during the first quarter of fiscal year 2015.  
  Gross profit  . In fiscal year 2015, our gross profit increased by $62.7 million or 44.5%, compared to fiscal 2014. Gross margin of 48.4% increased 6.8%, compared to fiscal year 2014. The higher gross profit was largely the result of a favorable product mix with higher revenue from recent acquisitions and legacy products, partially offset by acquisition related increases in amortization expense.  
  Research and development.   In fiscal year 2015, research and development expense increased $10.8 million or 15.2%, to $82.2 million or 19.5% of our revenue, compared with $71.4 million or 21.0% of our revenue in fiscal year 2014. Research and development expenses increased primarily related to additional research and development activities as well as increased headcount and employee compensation related to recently acquired businesses.  
  Selling, general and administrative.   In fiscal year 2015, SG A expense increased $27.4 million or 33.2%, to $110.0 million or 26.2% of our revenue, compared with $82.6 million, or 24.4% of our revenue for fiscal year 2014. The increase was primarily due to increased headcount and employee compensation expense related to acquired businesses, acquisition integration costs and higher litigation costs.  
  Restructuring charges.   In fiscal year 2015, restructuring charges were $1.3 million or 0.3% of our revenue compared with $14.8 million or 4.4% of our revenue for fiscal year 2014. Restructuring charges were higher in 2014 primarily due to a reduction in headcount and changes related to payments associated with Mindspeed employment agreements, as well as, reductions associated with the integration of the Mindspeed business which included severance and related benefits.  
  Income (loss) from operations.   In fiscal year 2015, we reported income from operations of $10.1 million or 2.4%, compared to a loss from operations of $27.8 million or 8.2%. This change of $37.9 million or 136.3%, was primarily the result of higher revenue and gross profit associated with recently acquired businesses, partly offset by higher operating expenses in fiscal year 2015 compared to the prior fiscal year 2014. 
  
   42 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  The following table summarizes our cash flow activities for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively (in thousands): 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities: 
  Our cash flow from operating activities for fiscal year   2016   of   $79.2 million   consisted of net income of   $1.4 million  , plus adjustments to reconcile our net income to cash provided by operating activities of   $118.8 million   less changes in operating assets and liabilities of   $41.0 million  . Adjustments to reconcile our net income to cash provided by operating activities of   $118.8 million   primarily included depreciation and intangible amortization expense of   $70.6 million  , share-based incentive compensation expense of   $27.0 million  , impairment related charges of   $13.0 million   and warrant liability expense of   $16.4 million  . In addition, cash used by operating assets and liabilities was   $41.0 million   for fiscal year   2016  , primarily driven by an increase in inventory of   $24.7 million   and an increase in accounts receivable of   $17.2 million   partially offset by an increase in accrued expenses of   $10.9 million  . Inventory increases during fiscal year   2016   are expected to support anticipated customer demand. The fiscal year 2016 increase in accounts receivable was due to increases in revenue compared to 2015. 
  Our cash flow from operating activities for fiscal year   2015   of   $33.7 million   consists of net income of   $48.6 million   plus adjustments to reconcile our net income to cash provided by operating activities of   $45.8 million   less changes in operating assets and liabilities of   $60.7 million  . Adjustments to reconcile our net income to cash provided by operating activities of   $45.8 million   primarily included depreciation and intangible amortization expense of   $54.7 million  , share-based incentive compensation expense of   $19.4 million   and warrant liability expense of   $6.0 million  . In addition, cash used by operating assets and liabilities was   $60.7 million   for fiscal year   2015   primarily driven by an escrow payment of $14.6 million associated with the retention of BinOptics Acquisition employees, a decrease in deferred revenue of   $17.0 million   associated with a change in estimate related to distributor revenue recognition, an increase in accounts receivable of   $13.1 million   and a decrease in accrued liabilities of   $5.6 million  , primarily associated with a payment for BinOptics Acquisition related professional fees. 
  Cash Flow from Investing Activities: 
  Our cash flow used by investing activities for fiscal year   2016   consisted primarily of cash paid for the FiBest Acquisition and Metelics Acquisition of   $85.5 million   and capital expenditures of   $31.3 million  . The   $7.5 million   of cash provided from discontinued operations during fiscal year   2016   was consulting fee income associated with the sale of our Automotive business which occurred in August 2015. Additionally, during fiscal year   2016  , we purchased   $36.3 million   of short term investments and received proceeds of   $51.6 million   related to the sale of short term investments which was used to fund acquisitions and operating activities.  
  Our cash flow used by investing activities for fiscal year   2015   consisted primarily of cash paid for the BinOptics Acquisition of   $208.4 million   and capital expenditures of   $38.3 million  . These expenditures were partially offset by proceeds of $81.2 million from the divestiture of our Automotive business.  
  For additional information related to   Acquisitions, Investments and Discontinued Operations   see Notes 3, 4 and 20 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 
  Cash Flow from Financing Activities: 
  For additional information related to our Debt, specifically our Credit Agreement, Term Loans and Revolving Facility, see Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements -   Debt   included in this Annual Report. 
  During fiscal year   2016  , our cash from financing activities of   $227.4 million   was primarily related to   $247.6 million   of proceeds from the amendment of our Credit Agreement (as defined in Note 9. - "Debt") on August 31, 2016 and   $5.5 million   of proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases. These inflows were partially offset by   $9.9 million   in payments of debt primarily assumed in connection with our FiBest Acquisition,   $10.0 million   in purchases of stock associated with employee tax withholdings, $3.5 million of financing costs associated with the amendment of our Credit Agreement and $4.1 million of principal payments associated with our Term Loans. 
  
   43 

Cash flow from financing activities for fiscal year   2015   was   $122.4 million   driven primarily by net proceeds from our February 2015 common stock offering totaling   $127.8 million  . We also received proceeds of   $100.0 million   from our Revolving Facility during the first fiscal quarter, which was subsequently repaid during the following fiscal quarter. We made   $3.5 million   in payments of debt as well as   $1.5 million   in capital lease payments. In addition, we paid   $8.6 million   in purchases of stock associated with employee tax withholdings, partly offset by   $5.5 million   of proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases. 
  On February 5, 2015, we completed a public offering of 7,800,000 shares of common stock at a price of $30.00 per share, of which 4,500,000 shares were newly-issued shares sold and 3,300,000 shares were previously outstanding shares held by affiliates of John Ocampo, our Chairman of the Board and majority stockholder prior to the offering and held by certain funds affiliated with Summit Partners, L.P. After deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, the net proceeds from shares sold in this offering were approximately $127.7 million. We used $100.0 million of the net proceeds we received in this offering to repay outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility and we expect to use the remainder of the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock by the selling stockholders.  
  The undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are indefinitely reinvested and we do not intend to repatriate such earnings. We believe the decision to reinvest these earnings will not have a significant impact on our liquidity. As of   September 30, 2016  , cash held by our foreign subsidiaries was   $40.5   million, which, along with cash generated from foreign operations, is expected to be used in the support of international growth and working capital requirements. 
  We plan to use our available cash and cash equivalents, short term investments and potential remaining borrowing capacity under our Revolving Facility for general corporate purposes, including working capital and for the acquisition of or investment in complementary technologies, design teams, products and businesses. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, short term investments, cash generated from operations and borrowing availability under the Revolving Facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We may need to raise additional capital from time to time through the issuance and sale of equity or debt securities, and there is no assurance that we will be able do so on favorable terms or at all.  

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
    
  We do not have significant contractual obligations not fully recorded on our consolidated balance sheet or fully disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. As of   September 30, 2016  , we do not have material off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in SEC Regulation S-K Item  303(a)(4)(ii). 
   
  CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
  The following is a summary of our contractual payment obligations for consolidated debt, purchase agreements, operating leases, other commitments and long-term liabilities as of   September 30, 2016  , (in thousands): 
      
 ________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    We have non-cancelable operating lease agreements for office, research, development and manufacturing space in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. We also have operating leases for certain equipment, automobiles and services. These lease agreements expire at various dates through 2026 and certain agreements contain provisions for extension at substantially the same terms as currently in effect. 
              (2) 
    In the normal course of business, we enter into supply arrangements with certain of our suppliers to purchase minimum quantities of inventories. 
              (3) 
    The most significant of our commercial contract commitments relate to open purchase orders of approximately   $68.2 million  . 
     As of   September 30, 2016  , we had an estimated   $4.3 million   in asset retirement obligations for the restoration of leased facilities  
  
   44 

upon the termination of the related leases.  Although it is reasonably possible that our estimates could materially change in the next 12 months, we are presently unable to reliably estimate when any cash settlement of these obligations may occur. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had recorded   $1.7 million   of unrecognized tax benefits. The Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate as to when and if such amounts will be paid. 
   
  OTHER MATTERS 
  Inflation did not have a material impact upon our results of operations during the three-year period ended   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of business, which consists primarily of interest rate risk associated with our cash and cash equivalents investments and our variable rate debt, as well as foreign exchange rate risk. In addition, the value of our warrant liability is based on the underlying price of our common stock and changes in its value could significantly impact our warrant liability expense. 
  Interest rate risk.   The primary objectives of our investment activity are to preserve principal, provide liquidity and invest excess cash for an average rate of return. To minimize market risk, we maintain our portfolio in cash and diversified investments, which may consist of corporate bonds, bank deposits, money market funds and commercial paper. The interest rates are variable and fluctuate with current market conditions. The risk associated with fluctuating interest rates is limited to this investment portfolio. We believe that a 10% change in interest rates would not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. We do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
    
  Our exposure to interest rate risk also relates to the increase or decrease in the amount of interest expense we must pay on the outstanding debt under the Credit Agreement. The interest rates on our term loans and revolving credit facility are variable interest rates based on our lender s prime rate or a LIBOR rate, in each case plus an applicable margin, which exposes us to market interest rate risk when we have outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $591.5 million   of outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Assuming our outstanding debt remains constant under the Credit Agreement for an entire year and the applicable annual interest rate increases or decreases by 1%, our annual interest expense would increase or decrease by   $5.9 million  .  
  Foreign currency risk.   To date, our international customer agreements have been denominated primarily in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, we have limited exposure to foreign currency exchange rates. The functional currency of a majority of our foreign operations is U.S. dollars with the remaining operations being local currency. Increases in the value of the United States dollar relative to other currencies could make our products more expensive, which could negatively impact demand in certain regions. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States dollar relative to other currencies could result in our products being more expensive to certain customers and could reduce or delay orders, or otherwise negatively affect how they do business with us. The effects of exchange rate fluctuations on the net assets of the majority of our operations are accounted for as transaction gains or losses. We believe that a change of 10% in such foreign currency exchange rates would not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. In the future, we may enter into foreign currency exchange hedging contracts to reduce our exposure to changes in exchange rates. 
  
   45 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
   
  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                   
    Page 
      MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 
      
       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    47 
      Consolidated Financial Statements: 
      
       Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    48 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations  
    49 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
    50 
       Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity  
    51 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    52 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    53 

46 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
  MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. 
  Lowell, Massachusetts 
    
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 based on the criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 17, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
  /s/ Deloitte   Touche LLP 
  Boston, Massachusetts 
  November 17, 2016    
  
   47 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   48 

MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   49 

MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (In thousands) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   50 

MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  (In thousands) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   51 

MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   52 

MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
   1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
  MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. (the Company) was incorporated in Delaware on March 25, 2009. We are a leading provider of high-performance analog semiconductor solutions that enable the next-generation internet applications, the cloud connected apps economy and the modern, networked battlefield across the radio frequency (RF), microwave, millimeterwave and photonic spectrum. We design and manufacture differentiated, high-value products for customers who demand high performance, quality and reliability.  
   
  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Principles of Consolidation, Basis of Presentation and Reclassification   We have   one   reportable segment, semiconductors and modules.  The accompanying consolidated financial statements include our accounts and the accounts of our majority-owned subsidiaries. Certain prior period financial statement amounts, including debt issuance costs, have been adjusted to conform to currently reported presentations. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  We have a 52 or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Friday closest to the last day of September. The fiscal years   2016   and   2015   included   52   weeks and fiscal year   2014   included   53   weeks. To offset the effect of holidays, for fiscal years in which there are 53 weeks, we include the extra week arising in our fiscal years in the first quarter.   
     Use of Estimates   The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities during the reporting periods, the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we base estimates and assumptions on historical experience, currently available information and various other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. 
  Discontinued Operations   In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015, we divested our Automotive business.  In the second quarter of fiscal year 2014, we sold assets of the non-core wireless business of Mindspeed. The operating results of these businesses are reflected in discontinued operations. 
  Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement   Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. While the majority of our foreign operations use the U.S. dollar as the functional currency, the financial statements of our foreign operations for which the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates (for assets and liabilities) and at average exchange rates (for revenue and expenses). The unrealized translation gains and losses on the net investment in these foreign operations are accumulated as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). 
  The financial statements of our foreign operations where the functional currency is the U.S. dollar, but where the underlying transactions are transacted in a different currency, are remeasured at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date with respect to monetary assets and liabilities. Nonmonetary assets and liabilities, such as inventories and property and equipment and related statements of operations accounts, such as cost of revenue and depreciation, are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses, other than cost of revenue, amortization and depreciation, are translated at the average exchange rate for the period in which the transaction occurred. The net gains and losses on foreign currency remeasurement are reflected in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses for all periods presented were immaterial. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents   Cash equivalents are primarily composed of short-term, highly-liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less and consists primarily of money market funds and commercial paper.  
  Investments   We classify our investments as available-for-sale.  Our investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value based upon third party pricing at period end. Unrealized gains and losses that are deemed temporary in nature are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and loss as a separate component of stockholders  equity. 
  A decline in the fair value of any security below cost that is deemed other than temporary results in a charge to earnings and the corresponding establishment of a new cost basis for the security. Premiums and discounts are amortized (accreted) over the life of the related security as an adjustment to its yield. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned. Realized gains and losses are included in earnings and are derived using the specific identification method for determining the cost of investments sold. 
  Inventories   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. We use a combination of standard cost and moving weighted-average cost methodologies to determine the cost basis for our inventories, approximating a first-in, first-out basis. The standard cost of finished goods and work-in-process inventory is composed of material, labor and manufacturing overhead, which approximates actual cost. In addition to stating inventory at the lower of cost or market, we also evaluate inventory each reporting period for excess quantities and obsolescence, establishing reserves when necessary based upon historical experience, assessment of economic conditions and expected demand. Once recorded, these reserves are considered permanent adjustments to the carrying value of inventory. 
  
   53 

Property and Equipment   Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred, whereas major improvements that significantly extend the useful life of the assets are capitalized as additions to property and equipment. 
  Property and equipment are depreciated or amortized using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: 
    
                 Asset Classification 
    Estimated Useful Life   In Years 
      Buildings and improvements 
    40 
      Machinery and equipment 
    2   7  
      Computer equipment and software 
    2   5 
      Furniture and fixtures 
    7   10 
      Leasehold improvements 
    Shorter of useful life or term of lease 

Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets   We have goodwill and certain intangible assets with indefinite-lives which are not subject to amortization; these are reviewed for impairment annually as of August 31st and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired.  For our assessment of goodwill impairment we compare the carrying value of the reporting unit to the fair value of the Company. For our assessment of in-service indefinite-lived assets we compare the carrying value of the asset to the estimated fair value of the asset. For indefinite-lived assets not in service, such as in-process research and development, we performed a qualitative assessment using an assumption of  more likely than not  to determine if there were any impairment indicators. If impairment exists, a loss would be recorded to write down the value of the assets to their implied fair values. There have been no impairments of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets in any period presented through   September 30, 2016  . 
  Other Intangible Assets   Our other intangible assets, including acquired technology and customer relationships, are definite-lived assets and are subject to amortization. We amortize definite-lived assets over their estimated useful lives, which range from   five   to   ten   years, generally based on the pattern over which we expect to receive the economic benefit from these assets. 
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   Long-lived assets include property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets subject to amortization. We evaluate long-lived assets for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger a review include, but are not limited to, significant decreases in the market price of the asset or asset group, significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors, the accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset, current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the asset and a current expectation that the asset will more likely than not, be sold or disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 
  In evaluating a long-lived asset for recoverability, we estimate the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from our use and eventual disposition of the asset. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss, equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the asset, is recognized. In fiscal year 2016 we recorded impairment charges related to our strategic decision to exit a product line and end programs associated with our GaN-on Silicon Carbide license and technology transfer. There were no impairments of long-lived assets in any prior periods presented.  Intangible assets related to in-process research and development acquired are not amortized until the underlying asset begins revenue generating activity, at which time it is amortized over its estimated useful life.  Intangibles related to abandoned in-process research and development projects are expensed in the period the project is abandoned. There were no significant expenses related to abandoned in-process research and development projects in any prior period presented. 
  Revenue Recognition   We recognize revenue when: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery or services have been rendered; (iii) the price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. We recognize revenue with the transfer of title and risk of loss and provide for reserves for returns and other allowances.    
  We generally do not provide customers other than distributors the right to return product, with the exception of warranty related matters. Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are recorded as revenue while the related costs are classified as a component cost of revenue. We provide warranties for certain products and accrue the costs of warranty claims in the period the related revenue is recorded.  
  Prior to fiscal year 2015, we had concluded that we had insufficient information as well as limited experience in estimating the effect of the right of distributors to return product and price protection and, accordingly, used the sell through approach of revenue recognition. Under this approach, we would recognize revenue from sales after the distributor resold the product to its end customer (the sell through basis). After concluding an extensive three year study of distributor related transactions, we completed an evaluation of our  
  
   54 

revenue recognition policy and concluded that it was appropriate to recognize revenue to distributors at the time of shipment to the distributor (sell-in basis).  
  During fiscal year 2015, we concluded that we had sufficient data to predict future price adjustments from distributors and had a basis of being able to reasonably estimate these future price adjustments. Accordingly, on a consolidated basis, revenue from distribution customers was impacted by a change in estimate.  Revenues from distributors accounted for approximately   10-15%   of total consolidated revenue at that time. The terms of certain agreements with distribution customers provide for rights of return and compensation credits until such time as our products are sold by the distributors to their end customers. We have agreements with some distribution customers for various programs, including compensation, volume-based pricing, obsolete inventory, new products and stock rotation. Sales to these distribution customers, as well as the existence of compensation programs, are in accordance with terms set forth in written agreements with these distribution customers. In general, credits allowed under these programs are capped based upon individual distributor agreements. We record charges associated with these programs as a reduction of revenue at the time of sale with a corresponding adjustment to accounts receivable based upon historical activity. Our policy is to use a   12 month   rolling historical experience rate and an estimated general reserve percentage in order to estimate the necessary allowance to be recorded. 
  During fiscal year ended October 2, 2015, we recorded corresponding adjustments related to this change in estimate to recognize previously deferred revenues. The full year impact of this change in estimate resulted in additional revenue of   $17.4 million   and a net income of   $7.7 million  , or   $0.15   earnings per share during fiscal year 2015. We also established a new reserve of   $6.0 million   for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2015 related to future rebates and returns under various programs associated with our distributor agreements.  
  Research and Development Costs   Costs incurred in the research and development of products are expensed as incurred. 
  Income Taxes   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets and liabilities, using rates anticipated to be in effect when such temporary differences reverse. A valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets is required if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
  We provide reserves for potential payments of tax to various tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions and other issues. Reserves are based on a determination of whether and how much of a tax benefit is taken by us in our tax filings or positions and that are more likely than not to be realized following an examination by taxing authorities. We recognize the financial statement benefit of an uncertain tax position only after considering the probability that a tax authority would sustain the position in an examination. For tax positions meeting a  more-likely-than-not  threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the benefit expected to be realized upon settlement with the tax authority. For tax positions not meeting the threshold, no financial statement benefit is recognized. Potential interest and penalties associated with such uncertain tax positions are recorded as a component of income tax expense. 
  Earnings Per Share   Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, excluding the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents. Diluted net income (loss) per share reflects the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, such as stock options, warrants and restricted stock units, using the treasury stock method. 
  Fair Value Measurements   Financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value. Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability at the measurement date under current market conditions in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, we group financial assets and liabilities in a three-tier fair value hierarchy, according to the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1 observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities; Level 2 inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active and model-based valuation techniques for which significant assumptions are observable in active markets; and, Level 3 unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, requiring us to develop our own assumptions for model-based valuation techniques. This hierarchy requires us to use observable market data, when available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair value.  
  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities.  
  Contingent Consideration   We estimate and record at the acquisition date, the fair value of contingent consideration making up part of the purchase price consideration for acquisitions. Additionally, at each reporting period, we estimate the change in the fair value of contingent consideration and any change in fair value is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. We estimate the fair value of contingent consideration by discounting the associated expected cash flows, using a probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model. The estimate of the fair value of contingent consideration requires subjective assumptions to be made regarding future operating results, discount rates and probabilities assigned to various potential operating result scenarios.  
  Share-Based Compensation   We account for all share-based compensation arrangements using the fair value method. We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting period, using the straight-line method and providing that the minimum amount of compensation recorded is equal to the vested portion of the award. We record  
  
   55 

the expense in the consolidated statements of operations in the same manner in which the award recipients  salary costs are classified. We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options with service and performance conditions, inclusive of assumptions for risk-free interest rates, dividends, expected terms and estimated volatility. We derive the risk-free interest rate assumption from the U.S. Treasury s rates for U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to the expected term of the award being valued. We base the assumed dividend yield on its expectation of not paying dividends in the foreseeable future. We calculate the weighted-average expected term of the options using the simplified method, which is a method of applying a formula that uses the vesting term and the contractual term to compute the expected term of a stock option. The decision to use the simplified method is based on a lack of relevant historical data, due to our limited operating experience. In addition, due to our limited historical data, we incorporate the historical volatility of comparable companies with publicly available share prices to determine estimated volatility. The accounting for stock options requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
  Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations   We enter into agreements in the ordinary course of business with, among others, customers, distributors and original equipment manufacturers (OEM). Most of these agreements require us to indemnify the other party against third-party claims alleging that a Company product infringes a patent and/or copyright. Certain agreements in which we grant limited licenses to specific Company trademarks require us to indemnify the other party against third-party claims alleging that the use of the licensed trademark infringes a third-party trademark. Certain of these agreements require us to indemnify the other party against certain claims relating to property damage, personal injury or the acts or omissions, its employees, agents or representatives. In addition, from time to time, we have made certain guarantees in the form of warranties regarding the performance of Company products to customers. 
  We have agreements with certain vendors, creditors, lessors and service providers pursuant to which we have agreed to indemnify the other party for specified matters, such as acts and omissions, its employees, agents or representatives. 
  We have procurement or license agreements with respect to technology that are used in our products and agreements in which we obtain rights to a product from an OEM. Under some of these agreements, we have agreed to indemnify the supplier for certain claims that may be brought against such party with respect to our acts or omissions relating to the supplied products or technologies. 
  Our certificate of incorporation and agreements with certain of our directors and officers and certain of our subsidiaries  directors and officers provide them indemnification rights, to the extent legally permissible, against liabilities incurred by them in connection with legal actions in which they may become involved by reason of their service as a director or officer. As a matter of practice, we have maintained director and officer liability insurance coverage, including coverage for directors and officers of acquired companies. 
  We have not experienced any losses related to these indemnification obligations in any period presented and no claims with respect thereto were outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  . We do not expect significant claims related to these indemnification obligations and, consequently, have concluded that the fair value of these obligations is negligible. No liabilities related to indemnification liabilities have been established. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . ASU 2014-09 requires revenue recognition to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 sets forth a new revenue recognition model that requires identifying the contract, identifying the performance obligations, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to performance obligations and recognizing the revenue upon satisfaction of performance obligations. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 can be applied either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the update recognized at the date of the initial application along with additional disclosures. On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date by one year to interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and permitted early adoption of the standard, but not for periods beginning on or before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. We have not yet selected a transition method and are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09.  
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  . To simplify presentation of debt issuance costs, ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, and early adoption is permitted. We have retroactively adopted this guidance for our fiscal year ended October 2, 2015, and as a result we reclassified the debt issuance costs associated with our Term Loans as a direct reduction of the recognized debt liabilities in our accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,   Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments,   which eliminates the requirement for an acquirer in a business combination to account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. Acquirers would now recognize measurement-period adjustments during the period in which they determine the amount of the adjustment. This ASU is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and should be applied prospectively to adjustments for provisional amounts that occur after the effective date with early adoption permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  
   56 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  .  This update simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by eliminating the current requirements to classify deferred income tax assets and liabilities between current and noncurrent.  The amendments in this update require that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.  For public business entities, the standard is effective in the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of any interim or annual reporting period and can be applied either prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented.  We have elected to adopt this standard early and have implemented the change prospectively as of the second quarter of fiscal 2016; prior periods were not adjusted.  Upon adoption in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we included our current deferred income tax assets with our noncurrent deferred income tax assets; no adjustments were made to deferred tax liabilities. Refer to Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Liabilities  . This update makes amendments to the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The new standard significantly revises an entity's accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. It also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  , which     increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Certain qualitative and quantitative disclosures are required, as well as a retrospective recognition and measurement of impacted leases. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. Early adoption is permitted and the updated standard must be adopted no later than our fiscal first quarter of fiscal 2018. We are evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . This update amends the guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available for sale debt securities. For available for sale debt securities, credit losses should be measured in a manner similar to current GAAP; however, this update will require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. We are evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  . This Update addresses debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in securitization transactions and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,   Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  . This update amends the guidance on recognizing the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Consequently, the amendment eliminates the exception for an intra entity transfer of an asset other than inventory. ASU 2016-16 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. We are evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
   
  3. ACQUISITIONS 
  Acquisition of FiBest Limited     On December 9, 2015, we completed the acquisition of FiBest Limited (FiBest) a Japan-based merchant market component supplier of optical sub-assemblies (FiBest Acquisition). We acquired FiBest to expand our position in optical networking components. In connection with the FiBest Acquisition, all of the outstanding equity interests (including outstanding options) of FiBest were exchanged for aggregate consideration of $  59.1 million   including cash of $  47.5 million   and assumed debt of $  11.6 million  . We funded the FiBest Acquisition with cash on hand.  For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded transaction costs of   $2.7 million   as selling, general and administrative expense related to this acquisition. The FiBest Acquisition was accounted for as a stock purchase and the operations of FiBest have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. 
  We recognized the FiBest assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon the fair value of such assets and liabilities measured as of the date of acquisition. The aggregate purchase price for FiBest is being allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible  
  
   57 

assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets represents cost and revenue synergies specific to the Company, as well as non-capitalizable intangible assets, such as the employee workforce acquired, and has been allocated to goodwill, none of which will be tax deductible.  
  During the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded adjustments to our preliminary allocation of   $0.9 million   primarily related to a deferred tax liability and inventory valuation associated with the acquisition of FiBest. The purchase accounting is preliminary and subject to completion of certain areas and therefore the purchase price allocation remains preliminary as of   September 30, 2016  . The adjustments arising from the completion of the outstanding matters could materially affect the preliminary purchase accounting. We expect to finalize our allocation of purchase price when our review has been completed during calendar year 2016. The adjusted preliminary allocation of purchase price as of   September 30, 2016  , is as follows (in thousands): 

The components of the acquired intangible assets on a preliminary basis were as follows (in thousands): 

The overall weighted-average life of the identified intangible assets acquired in the FiBest Acquisition is estimated to be   9.4   years and the assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives based upon the pattern over which we expect to receive the economic benefit from these assets. 
  The following is a summary of FiBest revenue and earnings included in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Data   The pro forma statements of operations data for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   below give effect to the FiBest Acquisition, described above, as if it had occurred at October 4, 2014.  These amounts have been calculated after applying our accounting policies and adjusting the results of FiBest to reflect; transaction costs, retention compensation expense, the impact of the step-up to the value of acquired inventory, as well as the additional intangible amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments had been applied and incurred since October 4, 2014.  This pro forma data is presented for informational purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of our future results of operations. 
  
   58 

Acquisition of Aeroflex/Metelics Inc.     On December 14, 2015, we acquired Aeroflex/Metelics, Inc. (Metelics), a diode supplier for aggregate cash consideration of   $37.1 million  , subject to customary working capital and other adjustments (Metelics Acquisition). We acquired Metelics to expand our diode business.  We funded the acquisition with cash on hand. The Metelics Acquisition was accounted for as a stock purchase and the operations of Metelics have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition.  For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded transaction costs of   $0.5 million   as selling, general and administrative expenses related to this acquisition. 
  We recognized the Metelics assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon the fair value of such assets and liabilities measured as of the date of acquisition. The aggregate purchase price for Metelics is being allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets represents cost and revenue synergies specific to the Company, as well as non-capitalizable intangible assets, such as the employee workforce acquired, and has been allocated to goodwill, which will be tax deductible due to a 338(h)(10) election. 
  During the fourth quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded an adjustment to our preliminary allocation of   $3.5 million   primarily associated with the physical inventory and fixed assets review which reduced current and other assets acquired and increases to intangible assets.  During fiscal year 2016, we finalized the working capital adjustment resulting in a reduction of the cash consideration paid of   $0.9 million  . The purchase accounting is preliminary and subject to completion including certain fair value measurements. The adjustments arising from the completion of the outstanding matters may materially affect the preliminary purchase accounting. We will finalize our allocation of purchase price during calendar year 2016.  The adjusted preliminary allocation of purchase price as of   September 30, 2016  , is as follows (in thousands): 

The components of the acquired intangible assets on a preliminary basis were as follows (in thousands): 

The overall weighted-average life of the identified intangible assets acquired in the Metelics Acquisition is estimated to be   9.9   years and the assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives based upon the pattern over which we expect to receive the economic benefit from these assets. 
  The following is a summary of Metelics revenue and earnings included in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 
  
   59 

Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Data   The pro forma statements of operations data for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , below, give effect to the Metelics Acquisition, described above, as if it had occurred at October 4, 2014.  These amounts have been calculated after applying our accounting policies and adjusting the results of Metelics to reflect the transaction costs, the impact of the step-up to the value of acquired inventory, as well as, the additional intangible amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments had been applied and incurred since October 4, 2014.  This pro forma data is presented for informational purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of our future results of operations. 

Acquisition of BinOptics Corporation     On   December 15, 2014  , we completed the acquisition of BinOptics Corporation (BinOptics), a supplier of high-performance photonic semiconductor products (BinOptics Acquisition). In accordance with the related Agreement and Plan of Merger, all of the outstanding equity interests (including outstanding warrants) of BinOptics were exchanged for aggregate consideration of approximately   $208.4 million   in cash. In addition we paid   $14.6 million   as part of a related retention escrow agreement designed to retain certain BinOptics employees. This   $14.6 million   was included in the terms of the purchase agreement and has been accounted for as a post-closing prepaid expense. We funded the BinOptics Acquisition with a combination of cash on hand and the incurrence of   $100.0 million   of additional borrowings under our existing Revolving Facility. For the fiscal year ended October 2, 2015, we recorded transaction costs of approximately   $4.2 million   related to the BinOptics Acquisition in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
  The BinOptics Acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and the operations of BinOptics have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. 
  We have recognized BinOptics' assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon the fair value of such assets and liabilities measured as of the date of acquisition. The aggregate purchase price for BinOptics has been allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets represents cost and revenue synergies specific to the Company, as well as non-capitalizable intangible assets, such as the employee workforce acquired, and has been allocated to goodwill,   none   of which is tax deductible. 
  We finalized our allocation of purchase price during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. The final allocation of purchase price as of January 1, 2016, was as follows (in thousands): 

60 

The components of the acquired intangible assets were as follows (in thousands): 

The overall weighted-average life of the identified intangible assets acquired in the BinOptics Acquisition is estimated to be   9.6   years and the assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives based upon the pattern over which we expect to receive the economic benefit from these assets. 
  The following is a summary of BinOptics revenue and earnings included in our consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2015 (in thousands): 

Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Data   The pro forma statements of operations data for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2015, below, give effect to the BinOptics Acquisition, described above, as if it had occurred at September 28, 2013. These amounts have been calculated after applying our accounting policies and adjusting the results of BinOptics to reflect the additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and additional interest expense on acquisition-related borrowings had been applied and incurred since September 28, 2013. This pro forma data is presented for informational purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of our future results of operations. 

4. INVESTMENTS 
  All investments are classified as available-for-sale. The amortized cost, gross unrealized holding gains or losses, and fair value of our available-for-sale investments by major investments type as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   are summarized in the tables below (in thousands):    

The contractual maturities of available-for-sale investments were as follows (in thousands): 
  
   61 

Available-for-sale investments are reported at fair value and as such, their associated unrealized gains and losses are reported as a separate component of stockholders  equity within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
  We have determined that the gross unrealized losses on its available for sale securities at   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   are temporary in nature. No available for sale securities were held as of October 3, 2014.  We review our investments to identify and evaluate investments that have indications of possible impairment. The techniques used to measure the fair value of our investments are described in Note 5 -   Fair Value  . Factors considered in determining whether a loss is temporary include the length of time and extent to which fair value has been less than the cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. Substantially all of our fixed income securities are rated investment grade or better. 
  We received proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities of   $51.6 million   during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . During fiscal year ended   October 2, 2015   we did not receive proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities. Such sales resulted in the recording of gross realized gains of   $0.1 million   and gross realized losses of   $0.2 million   during the year ended   September 30, 2016  , which have been recorded within other income (expense).  The Company did not hold available for sale securities during the year ended October 3, 2014. 
  Other Investments   We determined the appropriate classification of our investments at the time of acquisition and re-evaluate such determination at each balance sheet date. We record at cost non-marketable equity investments where we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence or control and periodically reviews such investments for impairment. 
  During fiscal year 2015, we made a minority investment of   $0.5 million   in the convertible debt of a privately-held U.S. based company. This investment was included in the assets sold in connection with the Automotive business. 
  During fiscal year 2014, we made a minority investment of   $5.0 million   in the equity of a privately-held U.S. based company.  This minority equity investment was accounted for under the cost method and is included on the consolidated balance sheets in other long-term assets. During the second fiscal quarter of 2015, the privately-held U.S. based company was sold to a third party which provided the Company with information that the underlying value of the investment had been impaired at April 3, 2015. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of   $3.5 million   which is included in Other Expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations during fiscal year 2015. The Company received   $1.5 million   in exchange for the equity investment during fiscal year 2015. There are no other investments outstanding at   September 30, 2016   or   October 2, 2015  . 
   
  5. FAIR VALUE 
  We group our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. These levels are:  
               Level 1   - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.    
      Level 2   - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets) or model-driven valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated with, observable market data. 
      Level 3   - Fair value is derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable, including assumptions and judgments made by us. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
  We measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis such as our financial instruments and derivatives. There have been no transfers between Level 1, 2 or 3 assets or liabilities during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Money market funds are actively traded and consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. They are measured at their net asset value (NAV) and classified as Level 1. Corporate and agency bonds and commercial paper are categorized as Level 2 assets except where sufficient quoted prices exist in active markets, in which case such securities are categorized as Level 1 assets. These securities are valued using third-party pricing services. These services may use, for example, model-based pricing methods that utilize observable market data as inputs. We generally use quoted prices for recent trading activity of assets with similar characteristics to the debt security or bond being valued. The securities and bonds priced using such methods are generally classified as Level 2. Broker dealer bids or quotes on securities with similar characteristics may also be used. 
  
   62 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist of the following (in thousands): 

The quantitative information utilized in the fair value calculation of our Level 3 liabilities are as follows: 

The fair values of the contingent consideration liabilities were estimated based upon a risk-adjusted present value of the probability-weighted expected payments by us. Specifically, we considered base, upside and downside scenarios for the operating metrics upon which the contingent payments are to be based. Probabilities were assigned to each scenario and the probability-weighted payments were discounted to present value using risk-adjusted discount rates. The maximum possible payment of contingent consideration is   $1.5 million  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , the fair value of the common stock warrant liability has been estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Prior to September 30, 2016, expected volatility was based on our own historical trading experience averaged with the historical volatility of our publicly-traded peer companies since we lacked sufficient historical data to use our own volatility on a stand-alone basis.  As of September 30, 2016, we have begun to use our own historical trading history to calculate estimated volatility since we now had sufficient historical experience based on the remaining term of the warrants. 
  
   63 

The changes in assets and liabilities with inputs classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy consist of the following (in thousands):  

6. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES ALLOWANCES 
    Summarized below is the activity in our accounts receivable allowances including customer returns, doubtful accounts and other items as follows (in thousands): 

The balance at the end of the fiscal year primarily includes compensation credits and customer returns allowance of   $3.0 million  ,   $5.5 million   and   $0.4 million   and allowance for doubtful accounts of   $0.2 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
   
  7. INVENTORIES 
  Inventories consist of the following (in thousands): 

64 

8. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
  Property, plant and equipment consist of the following (in thousands): 

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was $  20.4 million  ,   $15.7 million   and   $14.0 million  , respectively. 
   
  9. DEBT 
  On May 8, 2014, we entered into a credit agreement (Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of lenders that provided for term loans in an aggregate principal amount of   $350.0 million  , which mature in   May 2021   (Initial Term Loans) and a revolving credit facility of   $100.0 million   initially, which matures in   May 2019   (Revolving Facility). In February 2015, we executed an amendment to the Credit Agreement that increased our aggregate borrowing capacity under the Revolving Facility to $  130 million  . The Initial Term Loans were issued with an original issue discount of   0.75%  , which is being amortized over the term of the Initial Term Loans using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest rate method. 
  On August 31, 2016 we entered into an amendment (Incremental Term Loan Amendment) to our Credit Agreement which provided for incremental term loans in an aggregate principal amount of   $250.0 million  , which mature in   May 2021   (Incremental Term Loans, together with the Initial Term Loans, Term Loans). The terms of the Incremental Term Loans are identical to the terms of the Initial Term Loans, other than with respect to upfront fees, original issue discount and arrangement, structuring or similar fees payable in connection therewith. The Incremental Term Loans were issued with an original issue discount of   0.95%  , which is being amortized over the term of the Incremental Term Loans using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest rate method.  
  Borrowings under the Initial Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans bear interest (payable quarterly) at: (i) for LIBOR loans, a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR rate (subject to a floor of   0.75%  ), plus an applicable margin of   3.75%   and (ii) for base rate loans, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (x) the prime rate quoted in the print edition of the Wall Street Journal, Money Rates Section, (y) the federal funds rate plus one-half of   1.00%  , and (z) the LIBOR rate applicable to a one-month interest period plus   1.00%   (but in each case, not less than   1.75%  ), plus an applicable margin of   2.75%  . Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest (payable quarterly) at: (i) for LIBOR loans, a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR rate, plus an applicable margin in the range of   2.00%   to   2.50%   (based on our total net leverage ratio being within certain defined ranges); and, (ii) for base rate loans, a rate per annum equal to the prime rate, plus an applicable margin in the range of   1.00%   to   1.50%   (based on our total net leverage ratio being within certain defined ranges). The effective interest rate on our Initial Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans was   4.5%   as of   September 30, 2016  . We also pay a quarterly unused line fee for the Revolving Facility in the range of   0.25%   to   0.375%   (based on our total net leverage ratio being within certain defined ranges) as well as overall agency fees. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   borrowings under the Revolving Facility. 
  The combined Initial Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans are payable in quarterly principal installments of approximately   $1.5 million   on the last business day of each calendar quarter, beginning on   September 30, 2016  , with the remainder due on the maturity date. In the event that we divest a business, the net cash proceeds of the divestment are generally to be applied to repayment of outstanding Term Loans except to the extent we reinvest such proceeds in assets useful for its business within   18 months   of receiving the proceeds. To the extent we enter into a binding agreement to reinvest such proceeds within   18 months   of receiving them, we have until the later of   18 months   following its receipt of the proceeds and   6 months   following the date of such agreement to complete the reinvestment. 
  At the signing of the Credit Agreement and the Incremental Term Loan Amendment, the entire   $350.0 million   principal amount of the Initial Term Loans and   $250.0 million   principal amount of the Incremental Term Loans, respectively, were funded.  The Term Loans and Revolving Facility are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of our assets and provide that we must comply with certain financial covenants. We incurred   $8.7 million   in fees for the issuance of the Credit Agreement and   $3.1 million   in fees for the issuance of the Incremental Term Loan Amendment, which were recorded as deferred financing costs and are being amortized over the life of the Credit Agreement as interest expense.  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $8.8 million   of deferred financing  
  
   65 

costs remain unamortized, of which   $7.5 million   related to the Incremental Term Loans is recorded as a direct reduction of the recognized debt liabilities in our accompanying consolidated balance sheet, and   $1.3 million   related to the Revolving Facility is recorded in other assets in our accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
  The Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of our assets and provide that we must comply with certain financial and non-financial covenants. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all financial and non-financial covenants under the Credit Agreement and we had   $591.5 million   of outstanding Term Loan borrowings under the Credit Agreement and   $130.0 million   of borrowing capacity under our Revolving Facility. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the following remained outstanding on the Term Loans: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the minimum principal payments under the Term Loans in future fiscal years were as follows (in thousands): 

The fair value of the Term Loans was estimated to be approximately   $595.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , and was determined using Level 2 inputs, including a quoted rate from a bank. 
  In fiscal year 2016 we retroactively adopted ASU 2015-03, and as a result we classified $  7.5 million   and $  5.4 million   of debt issuance costs for fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively, as a direct reduction of  long term debt in our accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
  In connection with the FiBest Acquisition during fiscal year 2016, we assumed $  11.6 million   of debt, of which approximately   $3.1 million   was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  In connection with the BinOptics Acquisition during fiscal year 2015, we assumed debt of approximately   $2.5 million   of which approximately $  0.5 million   was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , which is included in the current portion of long term debt. 
   
  10. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
  We established a defined contribution savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Code (Section 401(k)) on October 1, 2009 (  401  (k) Plan). The   401  (k) Plan follows a calendar year, covers substantially all U.S. employees who meet minimum age and service requirements and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pretax basis, subject to legal limitations. Our contributions to the plan may be made at the discretion of the board of directors. During the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , we contributed   $1.9   million to our   401  (k) Plan for calendar year   2015  . There were   no   contributions made by us to the   401  (k) Plan for calendar year   2016   through   September 30, 2016  .  
  Our employees located in foreign jurisdictions meeting minimum age and service requirements participate in defined contribution plans whereby participants may defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pretax basis, subject to legal limitations. Company contributions to these plans are discretionary and vary per region. We expensed contributions of   $1.1   million,   $1.0   million and   $1.0   million for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively.  
  
   66 

11. ACCRUED LIABILITIES 
  Accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  Operating Leases   We have non-cancelable operating lease agreements for office, research and development and manufacturing space in the United States and foreign locations. We also have operating leases for certain equipment, automobiles and services in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. These lease agreements expire at various dates through 2026, and certain agreements contain provisions for extension at substantially the same terms as currently in effect. Lease escalation clauses, rent abatements and/or concessions, such as rent holidays and landlord or tenant incentives or allowances, are typically included in the determination of straight-line rent expense over the lease term. 
  Future minimum lease payments for the next five fiscal years as of   September 30, 2016  , are as follows (in thousands): 

Rent expense incurred under non-cancelable operating leases was   $7.0 million  ,   $6.5 million   and   $6.6 million   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Asset Retirement Obligations   We are obligated under certain facility leases to restore those facilities to the condition in which we or our predecessors first occupied the facilities. We are required to remove leasehold improvements and equipment installed in these facilities prior to termination of the leases. As of the end of fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , the estimated costs for the removal of these assets are recorded as asset retirement obligations was   $4.3 million  ,   $1.3 million   and   $1.8 million  , respectively. 
  Unused Letter of Credit   As of   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding unused letters of credit from a bank aggregating   $0.4   million. 
  Purchase Commitments   As of   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding non-cancelable purchase commitments aggregating $  1.1 million   pursuant to inventory supply arrangements. 
  Litigation   From time to time we may be subject to commercial disputes, employment issues, claims by other companies in the industry that we have infringed their intellectual property rights and other similar claims and litigations. Any such claims may lead to future litigation and material damages and defense costs. Other than as set forth below, we were not involved in any material pending legal proceedings during the year ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  GaN Lawsuit Against Infineon        On April 26, 2016, we and our wholly-owned subsidiary Nitronex, LLC brought suit against International Rectifier Corporation (International Rectifier), Infineon Technologies Americas Corporation (Infineon Americas), and Infineon Technologies AG (Infineon AG) (collectively, Infineon) in the Federal District Court for the Central District of California, seeking injunctive relief, monetary damages, and specific performance of certain contractual obligations.  On July 19, 2016, we filed a first amended complaint omitting International Rectifier as a defendant (since we had been advised that formal legal entity no longer exists) and adding a further claim of breach of contract based on some of Infineon s GaN-on-Si product activities, among other changes.  
  
   67 

The suit arises out of agreements relating to GaN patents that were executed in 2010 by Nitronex Corporation (acquired by MACOM in 2014) and International Rectifier (acquired by Infineon AG in 2015).  We assert claims for breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, declaratory judgment of contractual rights, and declaratory judgment of non-infringement of patents.  If successful, the relief sought in our first amended complaint would, among other remedies, require Infineon to assign back to us certain GaN-related Nitronex patents that were previously assigned to International Rectifier and enjoin Infineon from proceeding with its marketing and sales of certain types of GaN-on-Si products.  On August 9, 2016, we moved for a preliminary injunction on our Third Claim for Relief, which seeks a declaration that the 2010 exclusive license from Infineon to MACOM is still in effect, and asking the Court to enjoin Infineon from acting inconsistently with that license.  On August 17, 2016, both Infineon entities moved to dismiss our claims asserted against them on various grounds.  In an order dated October 31, 2016, the Court:  (a) granted MACOM s motion for preliminary injunction; (b) denied Infineon Americas  motion to dismiss; and (c) granted in part and denied in part Infineon AG s motion to dismiss. 
  With respect to the above legal proceeding, we have not been able to reasonably estimate the amount or range of any possible loss, and accordingly have not accrued or disclosed any related amounts of possible loss in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
   
  13. RESTRUCTURINGS 
  We have periodically implemented restructuring actions in connection with broader plans to reduce staffing, reduce our internal manufacturing footprint and, generally, reduce operating costs. The restructuring expenses are primarily comprised of direct and incremental costs related to headcount reductions including severance and outplacement fees for the terminated employees, as well as facility close costs. 
   The following is a summary of the costs incurred and remaining balances included in accrued expenses related to restructuring actions taken (in thousands): 

The restructuring expenses recorded to date are expected to be paid through the remainder of calendar year 2016. We expect to incur additional restructuring costs in the range of approximately   $1.0 million   and   $3.0 million   during the remainder of calendar year 2016 as we complete restructuring actions primarily associated with the Metelics Acquisition. 
   
  14. PRODUCT WARRANTIES 
  We establish a product warranty liability at the time of revenue recognition. Product warranties generally have terms of between   12 months   and   60 months   and cover nonconformance with specifications and defects in material or workmanship. For sales to distributors, our warranty generally begins when the product is resold by the distributor. The liability is based on estimated costs to fulfill customer product warranty obligations and utilizes historical product failure rates. Should actual warranty obligations differ from estimates, revisions to the warranty liability may be required. 
  Product warranty liability activity is as follows (in thousands): 

15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
  Amortization expense related to amortized intangible assets is as follows (in thousands): 
  
   68 

Intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands): 

A summary of the activity in intangible assets and goodwill follows (in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , our estimated amortization of our intangible assets in future fiscal years, subject to the completion of the purchase price allocation for the FiBest and Metelics acquisitions, was as follows (in thousands): 

Our trade name is an indefinite-lived intangible asset. During development, in-process research and development (IPR D) is not subject to amortization and is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The impairment test consists of a qualitative assessment using an assumption of  more likely than not  to determine if there were any impairment indicators. If impairment exists, a loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Once an IPR D project is complete, it becomes a definite long-lived intangible asset and is evaluated for impairment in accordance with our policy for long-lived assets. 
  Accumulated amortization, for the acquired technology and customer relationships, was $  76.7   million and $  48.1   million, respectively, as of   September 30, 2016  , and $  52.0   million and $  22.3   million, respectively, as of   October 2, 2015  . 
  During the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, we made a strategic decision to exit the product line and end programs associated with our GaN-on-SiC license and technology transfer to focus on development of our GaN-on-SiC efforts.  As a result of this strategic decision, we determined that the intangible assets and contractual commitments under the long term technology licensing and transfer agreement signed in July 2013, as well as certain dedicated fixed assets and inventory, would no longer have any future benefit.  The associated charges incurred during the nine months ended July 1, 2016 were $  13.8 million   which included a write-off of $  10.1 million   of intangible assets, $  0.6 million   of property and equipment, $  1.1 million   of contractual commitments and $  2.0 million   of inventory. 
  
   69 

16. INCOME TAXES 
  Deferred income taxes reflect the net effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts used for income tax purposes. The components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

Included in the above table are the attributes of our Japan jurisdiction which is in a net liability position of $  11.8 million   and comprised primarily of a liability of $  14.9 million   relating to intangible assets offset by a $  2.9 million   net operating loss.  
  In fiscal year 2016 we adopted ASU No. 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.   Upon adoption we included our current deferred income tax assets with our noncurrent deferred income tax assets; no adjustments were made to deferred tax liabilities. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have   $195.7 million   of gross federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards consisting of   $2.2 million   relating to the BinOptics Acquisition and   $193.5 million   relating to prior acquisitions. The federal net operating loss carryforwards will expire at various dates through 2035. The reported net operating loss carryforward includes any limitation under Sections   382   and   383   of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which applies to an ownership change as defined under Section 382. As of   September 30, 2016  , we also have   $7.0 million   of gross net operating loss carryforwards in Japan which will expire at various dates through 2025. 
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we identified and corrected a prior period error where we understated our income tax benefit during 2013 through 2015. This was a result of the incorrect recording of intercompany pretax income among a few of our operating entities and due to the fact that these entities had different statutory tax rates. The out-of-period correction resulted in a $  3.9 million   increase in income tax benefit in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 of which $  1.7 million  , $  1.0 million   and $  1.2 million     related to the prior fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
  The domestic and foreign income (loss) from continuing operations before taxes were as follows (in thousands): 

70 

The components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows (in thousands): 

Our net deferred tax asset relates predominantly to our operations in the United States. A valuation allowance is recorded when, based on assessment of both positive and negative evidence, management determines that it is not more likely than not that the assets are recoverable. Such assessment is required on a jurisdictional basis. 
  The   $10.5 million   of valuation allowance as of   September 30, 2016   relates primarily to state NOL and tax credit carryforwards assumed in the Mindspeed Acquisition and UK tax credit and NOL carryforwards whose recovery is not considered more likely than not. The   $11.5 million   of valuation allowance as of   October 2, 2015   related primarily to state NOL carryforwards assumed in the Mindspeed Acquisition and UK tax credit and NOL carryforwards whose recovery is not considered more likely than not. The change during the year ending   September 30, 2016   of   $1.0 million   primarily relates to state NOL and tax credit carryforwards. 
  Our effective tax rates differ from the federal and statutory rate as follows: 

For fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , the effective tax rates to calculate the tax benefit on   $21.6 million  ,   $15.4 million   and   $40.9 million  , respectively, of pre-tax loss from continuing operations were   83.4%  ,   63.9%   and   39.4%  , respectively. The effective income tax rate for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were primarily impacted by a lower income tax rate in many foreign jurisdictions in which our foreign subsidiaries operate, research and development tax credits, and the fair market value adjustment of warrant liabilities. For fiscal years 2015 and 2016, the rate was impacted by a retroactive enactment of the R D tax credit from fiscal years 2014 and 2015, respectively, and a larger shift of the revenue associated with foreign entities taxed at lower rates as part of our auto divestiture. In addition, the effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2014 was impacted by pre-acquisition Nitronex losses. 
  All earnings of foreign subsidiaries are considered indefinitely reinvested for the periods presented.  Undistributed earnings of all foreign subsidiaries as of   September 30, 2016   aggregated   $105.3 million  , with Ireland and Grand Cayman accounting for   $45.0 million   and   $56.3 million  , respectively. It is not practicable to determine the U.S. federal and state deferred tax liabilities associated with such foreign earnings. 
  
   71 

Activity related to unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands): 

The balance of the unrecognized tax benefit as of   September 30, 2016  , is included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The entire balance of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, will reduce income tax expense.  It is our policy to recognize any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During fiscal year   2016  , we did not make any payment of interest and penalties. There was nothing accrued in the consolidated balance sheets for the payment of interest and penalties at   September 30, 2016  , as the remaining unrecognized tax benefits would only serve to reduce our current federal and state NOL carryforwards, if ultimately recognized. 
  A summary of the fiscal tax years that remain subject to examination, as of   September 30, 2016  , for the Company s significant tax jurisdictions are: 
                 Jurisdiction 
    Tax Years Subject to Examination 
      United States federal 
    2013 - forward 
      United States various states 
    2013 - forward 
      Ireland 
    2012 - forward 

Generally, we are no longer subject to federal income tax examinations for years before 2013, except to the extent of loss and tax credit carryforwards from those years. 
   
  17. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS 
  Stock Plans 
  We have   three   equity incentive plans: the Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (2009 Plan), the 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2012 Plan) and the 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP).  
  Upon the closing of the IPO, all shares that were reserved under the 2009 Plan but not awarded were assumed by the 2012 Plan. No additional awards will be made under the 2009 Plan. Under the 2012 Plan, we have the ability to issue incentive stock options (ISOs), non-statutory stock options (NSOs), performance based non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock (RSAs), restricted stock units (RSUs), performance-based stock units (PRSUs), performance shares and other equity-based awards to employees, directors and outside consultants. The ISOs and NSOs must be granted at a price per share not less than the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant. Options granted to date primarily vest based on certain market-based and performance-based criteria as described below. Certain of the share-based awards granted and outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , are subject to accelerated vesting upon a sale of the Company or similar changes in control. Options granted generally have a term of   7   to   10   years.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   13.9 million   shares available for future issuance under the 2012 Plan. The financial impact of any modifications to share-based awards during the periods presented was not material. 
    
  Share-Based Compensation 
  The following table shows a summary of share-based compensation expense included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations during the periods presented (in thousands):  

Amounts presented above included share-based compensation expense in fiscal years 2015 and 2014, related to employees terminated in conjunction with the Automotive divestiture in August 2015, of $  0.4 million   and $  0.3 million  , respectively. 
  
   72 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the total unrecognized compensation costs, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to outstanding stock options, restricted stock awards and units including awards with time-based and performance based vesting was   $49.2 million  , which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of   2.8   years. 
    
  Stock Options  
  A summary of stock option activity for fiscal year   2016   is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between our closing stock price on   September 30, 2016  , and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was   $3.7 million  ,   $7.1 million   and   $7.6 million   for fiscal year   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Stock Options with Performance-based Vesting Criteria 
  In April 2016, we granted   5,000   non-qualified stock options which will vest subject to certain performance metrics such as revenue and gross margin targets being achieved. These performance stock options were valued at $  10.54   per share at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
  In April 2015 and May 2015, the Company granted   225,000    non-qualified stock options which will vest subject to certain performance metrics such as revenue and gross margin targets being achieved.  The aggregate fair value of these stock options was approximately $  2.0 million   on the date of grant and are subject to vesting based on performance and service conditions being met. We used a Black-Scholes valuation model for estimating the fair value on the date of grant of $  10.35   and $  10.12   per option share, respectively. The fair value of stock options are affected by valuation assumptions, including volatility, the Company s stock price, expected term of the option, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. These stock options will fully vest and become exercisable if certain performance criteria are met or exceeded in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters completed during the term of the options based on pre-established revenue and gross margin targets. The stock options have a term of   seven   years, assuming continued employment with or services to the Company, and have an average exercise price of $  34.06   and equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 
  The weighted average Black-Scholes input assumptions used for calculating the fair value of stock options are as follows:  

Stock Options with Market-based Vesting Criteria 
  In November 2015, we granted   300,000   non-qualified stock options with a grant date fair value of $  3.5 million   that are subject to vesting only upon the market price of our underlying public stock closing above a certain price target within   seven   years of the date of grant. These non-qualified stock options with market related vesting conditions were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Share-based compensation expense is recognized regardless of the number of awards that are earned based on the market condition and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated service period of approximately   three   years. In the event that the Company s underlying public stock achieves the target price of $  64.22   per share based on a   30   day trailing average prior to the end of the estimated service period, any remaining unamortized compensation cost will be recognized. 
  In September 2015, we granted   30,000   stock options awards, with an exercise price of $  29.80  , under the 2012 Plan with a grant date fair value of $  0.4 million   that are subject to vesting only upon the market price of the Company's underlying public stock closing  
  
   73 

at $  63.60   for at least a consecutive   three   trading day period.   These stock options' fair value of $  12.38   per option was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model based on the market conditions vesting condition.  Compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated service period of approximately   three   years, expiring in September 2022. 
  In April 2014, we granted stock options as to   405,000   shares of common stock with a grant date fair value of $  3.5 million   that are subject to vesting only upon the market price of our underlying public stock closing above a certain price target within   ten   years of the grant date. Due to the market condition upon which vesting is based, the fair value of the awards was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Compensation expense is recognized regardless of the number of awards that are earned based on the market condition and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated service period of three years. During 2015, our common stock closed at a price of $  34.79   per share, exceeding the target price of $  32.55   per share, which resulted in the recognition of approximately $  2.5 million   of compensation expense. 
  The weighted average Monte Carlo input assumptions used for calculating the fair value of stock options are as follows:  

Restricted Stock Awards and Units  
  A summary of restricted stock awards and units activity for fiscal year   2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate intrinsic value of vesting restricted stock units including time-based and performance units was   $67.3 million   for fiscal year   2016  . The total fair value of restricted stock awards and units vesting was   $26.5 million  ,   $23.3 million   and   $9.2 million   for the fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  PRSU awards, which are also included in the table above, have two vesting conditions (1) based on performance where awards are divided into   three   equal tranches and will vest based on achieving certain adjusted earnings per share (EPS) growth targets and (2) a service condition where the employee must be employed on May 15th of the following year once the performance condition being met.  Depending on the actual performance achieved, a participant may earn between   0%   to   300%   of the targeted shares for each tranche which is determined based on a straight-line interpolation applied for the achievement between the specified performance ranges.  PRSU awards were granted during fiscal year 2015 and 2016 with performance criteria and service conditions have been met on the first tranche of fiscal year 2015 awards resulting in a vesting at   300%   of targeted shares. The performance criteria for the first tranche of the fiscal year 2016 awards and the second tranche of the fiscal year 2015 awards have met and are expected to vest assuming continued employment with, or services to us, through the vest date of May 15th following the date of when the performance criteria has been met. Incremental PRSU awards that could ultimately vest if all performance criteria are achieved would be   240,585   shares assuming a maximum of   300%   of the targeted shares. 
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) 
  The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of up to   15%   of their eligible compensation, subject to any plan limitations.   In administering the ESPP, the board of directors has limited discretion to set the length of the offering periods thereunder.   As of   September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation cost related to the ESPP was not material.  In fiscal years   2016   and   2015  , approximately   154,000   and   176,000  , respectively, of shares of common stock were issued under the ESPP. 
  The 2012 Plan contains an  evergreen  provision, pursuant to which the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2012 Plan can be increased on the first day of each fiscal year equal by the lesser of (a)   4.0%   of outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year, (b)   1.9 million   shares of common stock and (c) a lesser amount determined by the board of directors; provided, however, that any shares from any increases in previous years that are not actually issued will continue to be available for issuance under the 2012 Plan. The ESPP also contains an  evergreen  provision, pursuant to which the  
  
   74 

number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP can be increased on the first day of each fiscal year equal by the lesser of (a)   1.25%   of outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year, (b)   550,000   shares of common stock and (c) a lesser amount determined by the board of directors; provided, however, that any shares from any increases in previous years that are not actually issued will continue to be available for issuance under the ESPP.  In fiscal year   2016  , pursuant to the evergreen provisions, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2012 Plan and the ESPP were increased by   1.9 million   shares and   550,000   shares, respectively. 
   
  18. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  We have authorized   10 million   shares of   $0.001   par value preferred stock and   300 million   shares of   $0.001   par value common stock as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  . The outstanding shares of common stock as of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders  equity, exclude   3,300   and   11,000   unvested shares of restricted stock awards, respectively, issued as compensation to employees that were subject to forfeiture. 
  Common Stock Warrants   In March 2012, we issued warrants to purchase   1,281,358   shares of common stock for   $14.05   per share. The warrants expire   December 21, 2020  , or earlier as per the terms of the agreement, including immediately following consummation of a sale of all or substantially all assets or capital stock or other equity securities, including by merger, consolidation, recapitalization or similar transactions. We do not currently have sufficient registered and available shares to immediately satisfy a request for registration, if such a request were made. As of   September 30, 2016  , no exercise of the warrants had occurred and no request had been made to register the warrants or any underlying securities for resale by the holders. 
    We are recording the estimated fair values of the warrants as a long-term liability in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with changes in the estimated fair value being recorded in the accompanying statements of operations.  

19. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
  GaAs Labs, LLC (GaAs Labs), a former stockholder and an affiliate of directors John and Susan Ocampo, continues to engage us to provide administrative and business development services to GaAs Labs on a time and materials basis. There are   no   minimum service requirements or payment obligations and the agreement may be terminated by either party with   30   days notice.  
  In the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded charges to GaAs Labs of   $0.1 million   and   $0.1 million   in fiscal years   2016   and   2014  , respectively, for services provided pursuant to this agreement.   No   charges were recorded in fiscal year   2015  . We have recorded these amounts as other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  
  In fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we recorded revenue of   $0.1   million,   $1.1   million and   0.2   million, respectively, associated with product sales to a public company with a common director. 
   
  20. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
  In August of fiscal year 2015, we sold our Automotive business to Autoliv ASP Inc. (Autoliv) as the Automotive business was not consistent with our long-term strategic vision from both a growth and profitability perspective.  The agreed consideration included   $82.1 million   in cash paid at closing and   $18.0 million   payable in   eighteen months   pending resolution of any contingencies as part of an indemnification agreement, plus the opportunity to receive up to an additional   $30.0 million   in cash based on achievement of revenue-based earnout targets through 2019. Additionally, we entered into a Consulting Agreement pursuant to which we may provide Autoliv with certain non-design advisory services for a period of   two years   following the closing of the transaction for up to   $15.0 million   in cash. 
  During fiscal year 2015, we recorded a pre-tax gain on the sale of the Automotive business of $  61.8 million   based on the   $82.1 million   received at closing on August 17, 2015, as described above.  The remainder of the consideration to be received from Autoliv, if any, including any amounts related to the consulting agreement, will be accounted for in discontinued operations when the contingencies are finalized and the proceeds, if any, become realizable. 
  In fiscal year 2014, subsequent to closing the Mindspeed Acquisition, we divested the wireless business of Mindspeed. The operations of the wireless business are included in discontinued operations through the date of sale. There was no initial gain or loss on the sale which closed in February 2014.  The selling price of the wireless business was   $12.3 million   and was received upon settlement of all indemnification holdbacks during fiscal year 2014.  The final settlement of   $1.6 million   was received in September 2015, and recorded as a pre-tax gain within discontinued operations. 
  Additionally during fiscal year 2014, we sold non-core assets representing one product line, receiving cash proceeds aggregating   $12.0 million  . We have no continuing interests in these assets. There was   no   gain or loss on the sale, which closed in May 2014, and results of this product line are included in continuing operations. 
  The accompanying consolidated statement of operations includes the following operating results related to these divested businesses (in thousands): 
  
   75 

Other income recorded during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , related to the Consulting Agreement with Autoliv. The gain on sale recorded during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , related to the adjustment of accruals established at the time of the sale of the Automotive business. Amounts recorded during the fiscal year ended   October 2, 2015  , were from ongoing operating activities prior to the sale of the Automotive business. 
  
   76 

21. EARNINGS PER SHARE 
  The following table set forth the computation for basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock (in thousands, except per share data): 

The table above excludes the effects of   1,855  ,    2,056   and   1,408   shares for the fiscal years ended   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, of potential shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units and warrants as the inclusion would be antidilutive. 
   
  22. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , we had   $0.8 million   and $  3.2 million  , respectively, in unpaid amounts related to purchases of property and equipment and intangibles included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities during each period.  These amounts have been excluded from the payments for purchases of property and equipment in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows until paid. 
  Upon closing the Mindspeed Acquisition, we assumed $  40.2 million   of the seller's indebtedness, all of which was paid in fiscal year 2014. 
  The following is supplemental cash flow information regarding noncash investing and financing activities: 

77 

23.     ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
    
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes, are as follows: 

24. GEOGRAPHIC AND SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMER INFORMATION 
  We have   one   reportable operating segment that designs, develops, manufactures and markets semiconductors and modules. The determination of the number of reportable operating segments is based on the chief operating decision maker s use of financial information for the purposes of assessing performance and making operating decisions. In evaluating financial performance and making operating decisions, the chief operating decision maker primarily uses consolidated revenue, gross profit and operating income (loss). 
  Information about our operations in different geographic regions, based upon customer locations, is presented below (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Asia Pacific represents China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, India, Thailand, Korea, Australia, Malaysia and the Philippines. 
              (2) 
    No international country or region represented greater than 10% of the total net long-lived assets or revenue as of the dates presented, other than the Asia-Pacific region as presented above. 
     The following is a summary of customer concentrations as a percentage of total sales and accounts receivable as of and for the periods presented: 

78 

No other customer represented more than 10% of revenue or accounts receivable in the periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. In fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , our top   ten   customers represented an aggregate of   62%  ,   57%   and   52%   of total revenue, respectively.  
   
  25.     QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 
    
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

____________ 
           (1) 
    During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 we divested our Automotive business. 
              (2) 
    Earnings per share calculations for each of the quarters are based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding and included common stock equivalents in each period. Therefore, the sums of the quarters do not necessarily equal the full year earnings per share. 
       
  ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), that are intended to ensure that information that would be required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  
   79 

An evaluation was performed, under the supervision, and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016   at the reasonable assurance level. 
  Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
             
    Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
                
    Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and, 
                
    Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  . In making this assessment, the company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated 2013 Framework. 
  Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
  The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016   has been audited by Deloitte   Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
  Remediation Activities.   During fiscal year 2016, we implemented additional internal controls over financial reporting related to information technology general controls in the areas of user access and program change management.  Management actively engaged in the implementation efforts related to this remediation plan in order to ensure that internal controls which contributed to this material weakness were properly designed and to ensure that they will operate effectively. The remediation actions taken during fiscal year 2016 included the following: 
     Improving the design, operation and monitoring of control activities and procedures associated with restricted user and administrator access and appropriate segregation of duties to the affected IT systems, including both preventive and detective control activities. 
     Enhancing existing program change management control activities, including tracking of access, authorizations and history of changes across the affected IT systems. 
     Expanding our resources in the functional areas that support and monitor our IT systems and the information generated therefrom. 
  Management believes that these efforts have effectively remediated the material weakness identified in prior periods. Additionally, new internal controls have been implemented during fiscal year 2016 and have been in operation for a sufficient period of time, tested and concluded on by management to be designed and operating effectively as of   September 30, 2016  . Although effective, we will continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting and may decide to take additional measures to address any subsequent control deficiencies identified or determine to modify the control designs as described above. Management relies on these internal controls to provide reasonable assurance that they will prevent or detect a material error in our financial statements. Accordingly, management believes these remediation efforts have been successful and has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting related to information technology general controls in the areas of user access and program change are operating effectively as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   80 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
  To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  
  MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc.  
  Lowell, Massachusetts 
  We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying  Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  appearing at Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2016 of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., and subsidiaries and our report dated November 17, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

81 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
    
  None. 
   
  PART III 
   
  ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
    
  The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after   September 30, 2016  . 
  We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. We make available our code of business conduct and ethics free of charge through our website, which is located at www.macom.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, our code of business conduct and ethics that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to rules of the SEC and the NASDAQ Global Select Market by posting any such amendment or waivers on our website and disclosing any such waivers in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 
   
  ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
  The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
  The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   82 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
  We have two equity compensation plans under which shares are currently authorized for issuance, our 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2012 Plan) and our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2012 ESPP).  We also maintain our Amended and Restated 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2009 Plan), however, no additional awards may be issued under the 2009 Plan. Each of our aforementioned plans were approved by our stockholders prior to our initial public offering in March 2012. The following table provides information regarding securities authorized for issuance as of   September 30, 2016   under our equity compensation plans. 

Plan Category 
      
    (a) 
  Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights(1) 

(b) 
  Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights(1) 

(c) 
  Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))(2)(3) 
    
      Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 
      
    2,518,724 

$ 
    8.95 

13,930,847 
      
      Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 

Total 
      
    2,518,724 

$ 
    8.95 

13,930,847 

(1) Does not include   1,707,506   unvested shares outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   in the form of restricted stock awards or restricted stock units under our 2012 Plan, which do not require the payment of any consideration by the recipients. 
  (2) The 2012 Plan contains an  evergreen  provision, pursuant to which the number of shares of our common stock available for issuance under the 2012 Plan can be increased on the first day of each fiscal year equal to the lesser of (a) 4.0% of our outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year, (b) 1.9 million shares of our common stock and (c) a lesser amount determined by our board of directors; provided, however, that any shares from any increases in previous years that are not actually issued will continue to be available for issuance under the 2012 Plan. 
  (3) The 2012 ESPP contains an  evergreen  provision, pursuant to which the number of shares of our common stock available for issuance under the 2012 ESPP can be increased on the first day of each fiscal year equal to the lesser of (a) 1.25% of our outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of our immediately preceding fiscal year, (b) 550,000 shares of our common stock and (c) a lesser amount determined by our board of directors; provided, however, that any shares from any increases in previous years that are not actually issued will continue to be available for issuance under the 2012 ESPP. 
   
  ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
  The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after   September 30, 2016  . 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
    
  The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after   September 30, 2016  . 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
    
           (a) 
    Financial Statements (included in Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report): 
     
   83 

(b) 
    Exhibits 
     The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are filed herewith and incorporated by reference herein.    

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

* 
    Management contract or compensatory plan. 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  Date:   November 17, 2016    

MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 
        
    Registrant 

By: 
    /s/ John Croteau 

John Croteau 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on   November 17, 2016  . 

Signature and Title 
      
    Signature and Title 

/s/ John Croteau 
      
    /s/ John Ocampo 
      John Croteau 
      
    John Ocampo 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
    Chairman of the Board 
      Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
      
    /s/ Susan Ocampo 

Susan Ocampo 
      /s/ Robert J. McMullan 
      
    Director 
      Robert J. McMullan 

Senior Vice President and 
      
    /s/ Peter Chung 
      Chief Financial Officer 
      
    Peter Chung 
      (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
      
    Director 

/s/Gil Van Lunsen 

Gil Van Lunsen 

Director 

/s/ Charles Bland 

Charles Bland 

Director 

/s/ Stephen Daly 

Stephen Daly 

Director 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 ex101010-k2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1    
    
  Mindspeed Technologies, Inc.    
  2003 Long-Term Incentives Plan,    
  As Amended And Restated    
  As Of January 24, 2011    

Section 1: Purpose    
    
  The purpose of the Mindspeed Technologies, Inc. 2003 Long-Term Incentives Plan (as amended and restated, the  Plan ) is to provide incentive compensation to officers, executives and other employees, and prospective employees, contractors and consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries; to attract and retain individuals of outstanding ability; and to align the interests of such persons with the interests of the Company s shareholders.  
    
  Section 2: Definitions    
    
  The following terms, as used herein, shall have the meaning specified:  
    
   Award    means an award granted pursuant to Section 4.  
    
   Award Agreement    means a letter to a Participant, together with the terms and conditions applicable to an Award granted to the Participant, issued by the Company, as described in Section 6.  
    
   Board of Directors    means the Board of Directors of the Company as it may be comprised from time to time.  
    
   Code  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and any successor statute, as it or they may be amended from time to time.  
    
   Committee    means the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors as it may be comprised from time to time or another committee of the Board of Directors designated by the Board of Directors to administer the Plan.  
    
   Company    means Mindspeed Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor corporation.  
    
   Conexant    means Conexant Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor corporation.  
    
   Employee    means, subject to the exclusions set forth below, an individual who was hired (and advised that he or she was being hired) directly by the Company or a Subsidiary as a regular employee and who at the time of grant of an Award performs regular employment services directly for the Company or a Subsidiary, but shall   not   include (a) members of the Board of Directors who are not also employees of the Company or a Subsidiary or (b) any individuals who work, or who were hired to work, or who were advised that they work: (i) as independent contractors or employees of independent contractors; (ii) as temporary employees, regardless of the length of time that they work at the Company or a Subsidiary; (iii) through a temporary employment agency, job placement agency, or other third party; or (iv) as part of an employee leasing arrangement between the Company or a Subsidiary and any third party. For the purposes of the Plan, the exclusions described above shall remain in effect even if the described individual could otherwise be construed as an employee under any applicable common law.  
    
   ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  
    
   Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and any successor statute, as it may be amended from time to time.  
   Executive Officer    means an Employee who is an executive officer of the Company as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision).  
    
   Fair Market Value    means the closing sale price of the Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market or such other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system on which the Stock has been duly listed and approved for quotation and trading on the relevant date, or if no sale of the Stock is reported for such date, the next preceding day for which there is a reported sale.  
    
   Incentive Stock Option    means an option to purchase Stock that is granted pursuant to Section 4(b) or pursuant to any other plan of the Company or a Subsidiary that complies with Code Section 422.  
    
   Immediate Family    means a participant s spouse and natural, adopted or step-children and grandchildren.  
    
   Mindspeed Distribution Date    means the date on which Conexant completes the pro rata distribution of all outstanding Stock to Conexant shareowners.  
    
   Non-Employee    means an individual who at the time of grant of an Award (a) has been extended an offer of employment with the Company or a Subsidiary but who has not yet accepted the offer and become an Employee, or (b) performs consulting, contracting or other services for the Company or a Subsidiary other than in a capacity as an Employee or who has been extended an offer to perform consulting, contracting or other services for the Company or a Subsidiary, but shall not include members of the Board of Directors.  
    
   Non-Qualified Stock Option    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).  
    
   Participant    means any Employee or Non-Employee who has been granted an Award pursuant to the Plan.  
    
   Restricted Stock    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).  
    
   Restricted Stock Units    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(f).  

1 

SARs    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e).  
    
   Share Reserve    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).  
    
   Stock    means shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company, or any security of the Company issued in substitution, exchange or lieu thereof.  
    
   Subsidiary    means any corporation or other entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, controls 50% or more of the total combined voting power of such corporation or other entity.  
    
   Ten-Percent Shareholder    means any person who owns, directly or indirectly, on the relevant date, securities having ten percent (10%) or more of the combined voting power of all classes of the Company s securities or of its parent or subsidiaries. For purposes of applying the foregoing ten percent (10%) limitation, the rules of Code Section 424(d) shall apply.  
    
   Unrestricted Stock    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).  
    
  Section 3: Eligibility    
    
  Persons eligible for Awards shall consist of Employees and Non-Employees whose performance or potential contribution, in the judgment of the Committee, will benefit the future success of the Company and/or a Subsidiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, only Employees will be eligible for Awards of Incentive Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and/or Unrestricted Stock under the Plan and only Employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States will be eligible for Awards of SARs under the Plan.  
    
  Section 4: Awards    
    
  The Committee may grant any of the following types of Awards, either singly, in tandem or in combination with other types of Awards, as the Committee may in its sole discretion determine:  
    
  a.   Non-Qualified Stock Options.   A  Non-Qualified Stock Option  is an Award to an Employee or Non-Employee in the form of an option to purchase a specific number of shares of Stock exercisable at such time or times, and during such specified time not to exceed ten (10) years, as the Committee may determine, at a price not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date the option is granted.  
    
  (i) The purchase price of the Stock subject to the option may be paid in cash. At the discretion of the Committee, the purchase price may also be paid by the tender of Stock (the value of such Stock shall be its Fair Market Value on the date of exercise), or through a combination of Stock and cash, or through such other means as the Committee determines are consistent with the Plan s purpose and applicable law. No fractional shares of Stock will be issued or accepted.  
    
  (ii) Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may permit Participants, either on a selective or aggregate basis, to simultaneously exercise options and sell the shares of Stock thereby acquired, pursuant to a brokerage or similar arrangement approved in advance by the Committee, and use the proceeds from such sale as payment of the purchase price of such Stock and any applicable withholding taxes.  
    
  (iii) Dividends and dividend equivalents shall not be paid on Non-Qualified Stock Options.  
    
  b.   Incentive Stock Options.   An Incentive Stock Option is an Award to an Employee in the form of an option to purchase a specified number of shares of Stock that complies with the requirements of Code Section 422, which option shall, subject to the following provisions, be exercisable at such time or times, and during such specified time, as the Committee may determine.  
    
  (i) The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of the grant of the Award) of the shares of Stock subject to Incentive Stock Options which are exercisable by one person for the first time during a particular calendar year shall not exceed $100,000.  
    
  (ii) No Incentive Stock Option may be granted under the Plan after June 27, 2013.  
    
  (iii) No Incentive Stock Option may be exercisable more than:  
    
  (A) in the case of an Employee who is not a Ten-Percent Shareholder on the date the option is granted, ten (10) years after the date the option is granted, and  
    
  (B) in the case of an Employee who is a Ten-Percent Shareholder on the date the option is granted, five (5) years after the date the option is granted.  
    
  (iv) The exercise price of any Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than:  
    
  (A) in the case of an Employee who is not a Ten-Percent Shareholder on the date the option is granted, the Fair Market Value of the Stock subject to the option on such date; and  
    
  (B) in the case of an Employee who is a Ten-Percent Shareholder on the date the option is granted, 110% of the Fair Market Value of the Stock subject to the option on such date.  
    
  (v) The Committee may provide that the exercise price of an Incentive Stock Option may be paid by one or more of the methods available for paying the exercise price of a Non-Qualified Stock Option.  
  (vi) Dividends and dividend equivalents shall not be paid on Incentive Stock Options.  
    
  c.   Restricted Stock.   Restricted Stock is an Award of Stock that is issued to an Employee subject to restrictions on transfer and such other restrictions on incidents of ownership as the Committee may determine. Subject to such restrictions, a Participant as owner of shares of Restricted Stock shall have the rights of a holder of shares of Stock, except that the Committee shall provide at the time of the Award that any dividends or other distributions paid on the Restricted Stock while  
  
   2 

subject to such restrictions shall be reinvested in Stock and held subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock and such other terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine. Shares of Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name of the Participant and, at the Company s sole discretion, (i) shall be held in book-entry form subject to the Company s instructions until the restrictions relating thereto lapse, or (ii) shall be evidenced by a certificate, which shall bear an appropriate restrictive legend, shall be subject to appropriate stop-transfer orders and shall be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions relating thereto lapse, and the Participant shall deliver to the Company a stock power endorsed in blank relating to the Restricted Stock.  
    
  d.   Unrestricted Stock.   Unrestricted Stock is an Award of Stock that is issued to an Employee without any restrictions, as the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine, including the issuance of Unrestricted Stock pursuant to awards conditioned upon the achievement of performance or other vesting requirements (as may be established by the Committee) prior to the delivery of such Unrestricted Stock. A Participant shall not be required to make any payment for Unrestricted Stock. Upon receipt of shares of Unrestricted Stock, the Participant as owner of such shares shall have the rights of a holder of shares of Stock, including the right to vote the Unrestricted Stock and to receive dividends and distributions thereon.  
    
  e.   Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs).   A SAR is the right to receive a payment measured by the increase in the Fair Market Value of a specified number of shares of Stock from the date of grant of the SAR to the date on which the Employee exercises the SAR. The payment to which the Employee is entitled on exercise of a SAR may be in cash, in Stock valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise or partly in cash and partly in Stock, as the Committee may determine. Dividends and dividend equivalents shall not be paid on SARs. No SAR may be exercisable more than ten (10) years after the date the SAR is granted.  
    
  f.   Restricted Stock Units.   A Restricted Stock Unit is an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon the passage of time or the attainment of performance criteria established by the Committee and which may be settled for cash, Stock or other securities or a combination of cash, Stock or other securities as established by the Committee. Dividend equivalents declared prior to the settlement of Restricted Stock Units shall not be paid until the settlement of the underlying Restricted Stock Units.  
    
  Section 5: Shares of Stock Available Under Plan    
    
  a.   Subject to the provisions set forth in Section 9, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock which may be issued pursuant to all Awards (including Incentive Stock Options) shall be 9,694,284 shares of Stock (the  Share Reserve ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Awards other than options (whether Non-Qualified Stock Options or Incentive Stock Options) and SARs granted after the 2011 annual meeting of the Company s shareholders shall count against the Share Reserve set forth herein as one and twenty-eight one hundredths (1.28) shares of Stock for every one (1) share of Stock subject to such Award. Any shares of Stock that pursuant to Section 5(b) again become available for grant upon the forfeiture, repurchase, cancellation or expiration of an Award that originally counted as one and twenty-eight one hundredths (1.28) shares of Stock upon grant shall be added back to the Share Reserve as one and twenty-eight one hundredths (1.28) shares of Stock for every one (1) share of Stock forfeited, repurchased, cancelled or expired or deemed not to have been issued from the Plan pursuant to Section 5(b). Options (whether Non-Qualified Stock Options or Incentive Stock Options) and SARs shall be counted against the Share Reserve as one (1) share of Stock for every one (1) share of Stock subject to such Award (and shall be added back to the Share Reserve as one (1) share of Stock for every one (1) share of Stock subject to such Awards that is forfeited, repurchased, cancelled or expired or deemed not to have been issued from the Plan pursuant to Section 5(b). The shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to Awards may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Stock. No single Participant shall receive, in any one calendar year, Awards (whether Non-Qualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units (to the extent settled in Stock), SARs (to the extent settled in Stock) or Unrestricted Stock) with underlying shares of Stock exceeding three hundred thousand (300,000) shares of Stock, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 9.  
    
  b.   Any shares of Stock covered by an Award (or portion of an Award) which is forfeited, canceled or expires shall be deemed not to have been issued for purposes of determining the Share Reserve. Shares of Stock that actually have been issued under the Plan pursuant to an Award shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future issuance under the Plan, except that if unvested shares of Stock are forfeited, or repurchased by the Company at the lower of their original purchase price or their Fair Market Value at the time of repurchase, such shares of Stock shall become available for future grant under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein: (i) shares of Stock tendered or withheld in payment of an option exercise price shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future issuance under the Plan; (ii) shares of Stock withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future issuance under the Plan; and (iii) all shares of Stock covered by the portion of a SAR that is exercised (whether or not shares of Stock are actually issued to the Participant upon exercise of the SAR) shall be considered issued pursuant to the Plan.  
    
  Section 6: Award Agreements.    
    
  Each Award under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Each Award Agreement shall set forth the number of shares of Stock subject to the Award and shall include the terms set forth below and such other terms and conditions applicable to the Award, as determined by the Committee, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of subsection (b) below may be modified to the extent deemed advisable by the Committee in Award Agreements pertaining to Non-Employees providing consulting, contracting or other services to the Company or a Subsidiary. In the event of any conflict between an Award Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern.  

3 

a.   Transferability.   A provision stating that an Award may not be transferred or assigned other than (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; or (ii) by gift to members of the Participant s Immediate Family or to a trust established for the benefit of one or more members of the Participant s Immediate Family.  
    
  b.   Termination of Employment.    
    
  (i) A provision describing the treatment of an Award in the event of the Retirement, Disability, death or other termination of a Participant s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary, including, but not limited to, the definitions of Retirement and Disability and terms relating to the vesting, time for exercise, forfeiture or cancellation of an Award in such circumstances. Participants who terminate employment due to Retirement, Disability or death prior to the satisfaction of applicable conditions and restrictions associated with their Awards may be entitled to prorated Awards as and to the extent determined by the Committee.  
    
  (ii) A provision describing the treatment of an Award in the event of (A) a transfer of an Employee from the Company to a Subsidiary or an affiliate of the Company, whether or not incorporated, or vice versa, or from one Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company to another or (B) a leave of absence, duly authorized in writing by the Company.  
    
  (iii) A provision stating that in the event the Participant s employment is terminated for Cause (as defined in the Award Agreement), anything else in the Plan or Award Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, all Awards granted to the Participant shall immediately terminate and be forfeited.  
    
  c.   Rights as a Shareholder.   A provision stating that a Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any Stock covered by an Award until the date the Participant becomes the holder of record thereof. Except as provided in Section 9, no adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights, unless the Award Agreement specifically requires such adjustment.  
    
  d.   Withholding.   A provision requiring the withholding of applicable taxes required by law from all amounts paid in satisfaction of an Award. A Participant may satisfy the withholding obligation by paying the amount of any taxes in cash or, with the approval of the Committee, shares of Stock may be delivered to the Company or deducted from the payment or, in accordance with Section 4(a)(ii), sold to satisfy the obligation in full or in part. If such tax withholding obligation is paid in shares of Stock, tax amounts shall be limited to the statutory minimum as required by law.  
    
  e.   Treatment of Options.   Each Award of an option shall state whether it will or will not be treated as an Incentive Stock Option.  
    
  f.   Performance Conditions.   The Committee may condition, or provide for the acceleration of, the exercisability or vesting of any Award upon such prerequisites as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, achievement of specific objectives, whether absolute or relative to a peer group or index designated by the Committee, with respect to one or more measures of the performance of the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, earnings per share, revenue, net income, net operating income, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), stock price, total shareholder return, operating margin, gross margin, return on equity, return on assets, return on investment, operating income, pre-tax profit, cash flow, expenses, earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation, economic value added and market share. At the time it sets the performance measures, the Committee may determine to include or exclude extraordinary, unusual, nonrecurring or other items. Such performance objectives shall be determined in accordance with the Company s audited financial statements, to the extent applicable, and so that a third party having knowledge of the relevant facts could determine whether such performance objectives are met.  
    
  Section 7: Amendment and Termination    
    
  The Board of Directors may at any time amend, suspend or discontinue the Plan, in whole or in part,   provided  ,   however  , that no such action shall be effective without the approval of the shareholders of the Company to the extent that such approval is necessary to comply with any tax or regulatory requirement applicable to the Plan; and   provided  ,   further  , that subject to Section 9, no such action shall impair the rights of any holder of an Award without the holder s consent. The Committee may at any time alter or amend any or all Awards and Award Agreements under the Plan to the extent permitted by law, except that, subject to the provisions of Section 9, no such alteration or amendment shall impair the rights of any holder of an Award without the holder s consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Section 10(n), no such action may, without approval of the shareholders of the Company, increase the number of shares of Stock with respect to which Awards may be granted or reduce the exercise price of any Option or SAR below Fair Market Value on the date of grant.  
    
  Section 8: Administration    
    
  a. The Plan and all Awards shall be administered by the Committee. The members of the Committee shall be designated by the Board of Directors from among its members who are not eligible for Awards under the Plan.  
    
  b. Any member of the Committee who, at the time of any proposed grant of one or more Awards, is not a  Non-Employee Director  as defined in Rule 16b-3(b)(3)(i) under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision) shall abstain from and take no part in the Committee s action on the proposed grant.  
    
  c. The Committee and others to whom the Committee has delegated such duties shall keep a record of all their proceedings and actions and shall maintain all such books of account, records and other data as shall be necessary for the proper administration of the Plan. 
  
   4 

d. The Company shall pay all reasonable expenses of administering the Plan, including, but not limited to, the payment of professional fees.  
    
  e. The Committee may appoint such accountants, counsel and other experts as it deems necessary or desirable in connection with the administration of the Plan. Subject to the express provisions of the Plan, the Committee may delegate to the officers or employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries the authority to execute and deliver such instruments and documents, to do all such acts and things, and to take all such other steps deemed necessary, advisable or convenient for the effective administration of the Plan in accordance with its terms and purpose.  
    
  f. The Committee may adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside the U.S. Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may authorize supplementary plans applicable to Employees subject to the tax laws of one or more countries other than the United States in order to provide for the grant of Non-Qualified Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Unrestricted Stock or SARs to such Employees on terms and conditions, consistent with the Plan, determined by the Committee which may differ from the terms and conditions of other Awards in those forms pursuant to the Plan for the purpose of complying with the conditions for qualification of Awards for favorable treatment under foreign tax laws.  
    
  g. Subject to the express provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have the power (i) to implement (including the power to delegate such implementation to appropriate officers of the Company), interpret and construe the Plan and Awards and Award Agreements or other documents defining the rights and obligations of the Company and Participants hereunder and thereunder, (ii) to determine all questions arising hereunder and thereunder, and (iii) to adopt and amend such rules and regulations for the administration hereof and thereof as it may deem desirable. The interpretation and construction by the Committee of any provisions of the Plan or of any Award or Award Agreement shall be conclusive and binding. Any action taken by, or inaction of, the Committee relating to the Plan or any Award or Award Agreement shall be within the discretion of the Committee and shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons. Subject only to compliance with the express provisions hereof, the Committee may act in its discretion in matters related to the Plan and any and all Awards and Award Agreements. The Committee s determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and may be made by it selectively among Employees and Non-Employees who receive, or who are eligible to receive, Awards under the Plan, whether or not such persons are similarly situated.  
    
  h. It is the intent of the Company that the Plan and Awards hereunder satisfy, and be interpreted in a manner that satisfy, in the case of Participants who are or may be Executive Officers, the applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, so that such persons will be entitled to the benefits of Rule 16b-3, or other exemptive rules under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and will not be subjected to avoidable liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.  
    
  i. The Committee may delegate, and revoke the delegation of, all or any portion of its authority and powers under the Plan to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, except that the Committee may not delegate any discretionary authority with respect to substantive decisions or functions regarding the Plan or Awards to the extent (i) related to Awards granted to Executive Officers, (ii) inconsistent with the intent expressed in Section 8(h) or (iii) prohibited by applicable law.  
    
  Section 9: Adjustment Provisions    
    
  a. In the event of any change in or affecting the outstanding shares of Stock by reason of a stock dividend or split, recapitalization, reclassification, merger or consolidation (whether or not the Company is a surviving corporation), reorganization, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate changes or an extraordinary dividend in cash, securities or other property, the Board of Directors shall make or take such amendments to the Plan and outstanding Awards and Award Agreements and such adjustments and actions hereunder and thereunder as it deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, under the circumstances, and its determination in that respect shall be final and binding. Such amendments, adjustments and actions may include, but are not limited to, changes in the number of shares of Stock (or other securities) then remaining subject to the Plan, and the maximum number of shares that may be delivered to any single Participant pursuant to the Plan, including those that are then covered by outstanding Awards, or accelerating the vesting of outstanding Awards. No fractional interests will be issued under the Plan resulting from any adjustments.  
    
  b. The Committee shall make any further adjustments as it deems necessary to ensure equitable treatment of any holder of an Award as the result of any transaction affecting the securities subject to the Plan not described in (a), or as is required or authorized under the terms of any applicable Award Agreement.  
    
  c. The existence of the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Board of Directors or the shareholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in its capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock or other securities ahead of or affecting the Stock or the rights thereof, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding.  

5 

Section 10: Miscellaneous    
    
  a.   Other Payments or Awards.   Nothing contained in the Plan shall be deemed in any way to limit or restrict the Company or a Subsidiary from making any award or payment to any person under any other plan, arrangement or understanding, whether now existing or hereafter in effect.  
    
  b.   Payments to Other Persons.   If payments are legally required to be made to any person other than the person to whom any amount is made available under the Plan, payments shall be made accordingly. Any such payment shall be a complete discharge of the liability hereunder.  
    
  c.   Unfunded Plan.   The Plan shall be unfunded. No provision of the Plan or any Award or Award Agreement shall require the Company or a Subsidiary, for the purpose of satisfying any obligations under the Plan, to purchase assets or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or otherwise to segregate any assets, nor shall the Company or a Subsidiary maintain separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the existence of a segregated or separately maintained or administered fund for such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under the Plan other than as unsecured general creditors of the Company or a Subsidiary, except that insofar as they may have become entitled to payment of additional compensation by performance of services, they shall have the same rights as other employees or consultants, as applicable, under generally applicable law.  
    
  d.   Limits of Liability.   Any liability of the Company or a Subsidiary to any Participant with respect to an Award shall be based solely upon contractual obligations created by the Plan and the Award Agreement. Neither the Company or its Subsidiaries, nor any member of the Board of Directors or of the Committee, nor any other person participating in any determination of any question under the Plan, or in the interpretation, administration or application of the Plan, shall have any liability to any party for any action taken, or not taken, in good faith under the Plan.  
    
  e.   Rights of Employees and Non-Employees.   Status as an eligible Employee or Non-Employee shall not be construed as a commitment that any Award shall be made under the Plan to such eligible Employee or Non-Employee or to eligible Employees or Non-Employees generally. Nothing contained in the Plan or in any Award Agreement shall confer upon any Employee or Non-Employee any right to continue in the employ or other service of or, in the case of prospective employees, contractors or consultants, become employed by or render service to the Company or a Subsidiary or constitute any contract or limit in any way the right of the Company or a Subsidiary to change such person s compensation or other benefits or, in the case of prospective employees, contractors or consultants, prospective compensation or benefits or to terminate the employment or other service or, in the case of prospective employees, contractors or consultants, withdraw an offer of employment or offer to retain such person with or without cause.  
  f.   Section Headings.   The section headings contained herein are for the purpose of convenience only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than the section headings, shall control.  
    
  g.   Gender, Etc.   In interpreting the Plan, the masculine gender shall include the feminine, the neuter gender shall include the masculine or feminine, and the singular shall include the plural unless the context clearly indicates otherwise.  
    
  h.   Invalidity.   If any term or provision contained herein or in any Award Agreement shall to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, such term or provision, to the extent practicable, will be reformed so that it is valid and as consistent as possible with the original provisions hereof, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or part thereof.  
    
  i.   Applicable Law.   The Plan, the Award Agreements and all actions taken hereunder or thereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof.  
    
  j.   Compliance with Laws.   Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in any Award Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to sell or deliver shares of Stock or other securities hereunder or thereunder if the sale or delivery thereof would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any provisions of any law or regulation of any governmental authority or any national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system, and as a condition of any sale or delivery the Company may require such agreements or undertakings, if any, as the Company may deem necessary or advisable in its discretion to assure compliance with any such law or regulation.  
    
  k.   Effective Date and Term.   The Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company and approved by the sole shareholder of the Company to be effective as of the Mindspeed Distribution Date. The Plan shall remain in effect until all Awards granted under the Plan have been exercised or terminated under the terms of the Plan and applicable Award Agreements, provided that Awards under the Plan may only be granted within ten (10) years from the effective date of the Plan.  
    
  l.   Awards for Compensation Purposes Only.   The Plan is not intended to constitute an  employee benefit plan  within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA.  
    
  m.   Plan History.   The Plan was amended and restated effective July 1, 2008 to adjust (in accordance with Section 9 of the Plan) the number of shares of Stock available under the Plan, the limits on the number of shares of Stock that may be granted as certain Awards and the annual limits of Awards that may be granted to Participants (as set forth in Section 5(a) of the Plan) after giving effect to a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company s Stock, which became effective at 11:59 p.m. EDT on June 30, 2008. Such amendment and restatement was not subject to the approval of the Company s shareholders.  
    
  n.   Repricings.   Except in connection with a corporate transaction (including, without limitation, any stock dividend, stock split, extraordinary cash dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination or  
  
   6 

exchange of shares), the terms of outstanding Awards may not be amended to reduce the exercise price of outstanding Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options or SARs or cancel outstanding Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options or SARs in exchange for cash, other Awards or Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options or SARs with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the original Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options or SARs without shareholder approval.  
  
   7 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 exh-1023.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.23

exh-1023  

1      FIRST AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT    AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS          This First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated     July 22, 2016 (the  First Amendment ) by and between M/A-COM TECHNOLOGY   SOLUTIONS INC. (the  Seller ) and CALARE PROPERTIES, INC. (the  Buyer ).      W I T N E S S E T H    T H A T:    WHEREAS, Seller and Buyer entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and   Escrow Instructions dated May 23, 2016 (the  Agreement  and    WHEREAS, Seller and Buyer have agreed to amend the Agreement as herein provided;   and    WHEREAS, the Agreement is currently in full force and effect.    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained the   Seller and buyer hereby agree as follows:   1. Inclusion.  The above  WHEREAS  clauses are hereby incorporated into the First   Amendment as if fully repeated herein.  The capitalized terms not defined in this First Amendment   shall have the meanings as set forth in the Agreement.   2. Contingencies.  Seller and Buyer hereby agree that notwithstanding the date Seller   and/or Buyer executed this Agreement the Contingency Period commenced on June 1, 2016 and   shall expire on July 31, 2016.  All documents have been timely made available to Buyer.   3. Initial Deposit.  The Initial Deposit has been timely delivered by Buyer to the   Escrow Agent.      

2      4. Miscellaneous.   This First Amendment shall become effective only upon full   execution and delivery of this First Amendment by Seller and Buyer.    The Agreement, as   modified by this First Amendment, contains the parties  entire agreement regarding the subject   matter covered by the Agreement and this Frist Amendment and supersedes all prior   correspondence, negotiations and agreements, if any, whether oral or written, between the parties   concerning such subject matter.    There are no contemporaneous oral agreements, and there are   no representations or warranties between the parties not contained in the Agreement and this First   Amendment.  Except as modified by this First Amendment, the terms and provisions of the   Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Agreement, as modified by this First   Amendment, shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their   successors and permitted assigns.   5. Counterparts; Facsimile and PDF Signatures.   This First Amendment may be   executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original   instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    Signature and acknowledgment pages, if any, may be detached from the counterparts and attached   to a single copy of this document to physically form one document.  Signatures given by facsimile,   electronic pdf, or portable documents format shall be binding and effective to the same extent as   original signatures.      [Signature Page Follows]          

3      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed   by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date.      SELLER: M/A-COM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC.,    a Delaware corporation             /s/ Robert McMullan________________________    By: Robert McMullan     Chief Financial Officer            BUYER: CALARE PROPERTIES, INC.,    a Delaware corporation             /s/ William Manley__________________________     By: William Manley     Authorized Agent                                                            Signature Page to First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions         4852-9386-3474, v.  1     

1   SECOND AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT   AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS      This Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated   as of September 20, 2016 (the  Second Amendment ) is made by and between M/A-COM   TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC. (the  Seller ) and CALARE PROPERTIES, INC. (the    Buyer ).      W I T N E S S E T H   T H A T:      WHEREAS, Seller and Buyer entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and   Escrow Instructions dated May 23, 2016 as amended by that First Amendment to Purchase and   Sale Agreement dated July 22, 2016 (collectively the  Agreement  and      WHEREAS, the Agreement terminated as of July 31, 2016; and      WHEREAS, Seller and Buyer desire to reinstate and amend the Agreement as herein   provided.      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained the   Seller and Buyer hereby agree as follows:      1. Inclusion. The above  WHEREAS  clauses are hereby incorporated into the   Second Amendment as if fully repeated herein. The capitalized terms not defined in this Second   Amendment shall have the meanings as set forth in the Agreement.         

2   2. Reinstatement. The Agreement is deemed reinstated effective retroactively to July   31, 2016.      3. Contingencies. Seller and Buyer hereby agree that the Contingency Period is   extended to expire at 5:00 P.M. (Eastern Time) on September 22, 2016. Notwithstanding the   foregoing:     (a) Buyer hereby deems the Due Diligence Review and Environmental Audit   Contingencies satisfied. Buyer s execution of this Second Amendment shall constitute Buyer s   Approval Notice for the Due Diligence Review and Environmental Audit Contingencies. The   parties acknowledge, however, that (i) the Lease Documents Contingency (as set forth in Section   4(c) of the Agreement) has not been satisfied or waived, (ii) Buyer has not given an Approval   Notice for such Lease Documents Contingency, and (iii) the Seller s contingency as set forth in   Section 4A of the Agreement has not been satisfied or waived.    (b) Buyer hereby waives all Title Objections as contemplated under clause (b) of the   fourth sentence of Section 5(d) of the Agreement; except as to any Impermissible Encumbrances   and subject to (i) the undertakings agreed to by Seller under that certain letter from Seller s counsel   dated July 25, 2016 and (ii) Buyer s right to issue a Buyer s Amended Exception Notice.  With   respect to Buyer s right to issue a Buyer s Amended Exception Notice the two references to  the   end of the Contingency Period  as contained in the fifth sentence of Section 5(d) of the Agreement   shall be deemed modified to mean the date of this Second Amendment (rather than the end of the   Contingency Period).       4. Miscellaneous.  This Second Amendment shall become effective only upon full   execution and delivery of this Second Amendment by Seller and Buyer. The Agreement, as      

3   modified by this Second Amendment, contains the parties  entire agreement regarding the subject   matter covered by the Agreement and this Second Amendment and supersedes all prior   correspondence, negotiations and agreements, if any, whether oral or written, between the parties   concerning such subject matter. There are no contemporaneous oral agreements, and there are no   representations or warranties between the parties not contained in the Agreement and this Second   Amendment. Except as modified by this Second Amendment, the terms and provisions of the   Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Agreement, as modified by this Second   Amendment, shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their   successors and permitted assigns.       5. Counterparts; Facsimile and PDF Signatures. This Second Amendment may be   executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original   instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   Signature and acknowledgment pages, if any, may be detached from the counterparts and attached   to a single copy of this document to physically form one document. Signatures given by facsimile,   electronic pdf, or portable documents format shall be binding and effective to the same extent as   original signatures.         [Signature Page Follows]         

4   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed   by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date.      SELLER: M/A-COM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC.,    a Delaware corporation             /s/ Robert McMullan________________________    By: Robert McMullan     Chief Financial Officer            BUYER: CALARE PROPERTIES, INC.,    a Delaware corporation             /s/ William Manley__________________________     By: William Manley     Authorized Agent                                    Signature Page to Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions         

Page 1   THIRD AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT   AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS   This Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated   as of September 22, 2016 (the  Third Amendment ) is made by and between MACOM   TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INC., formerly known as M/A-COM Technology Solutions   Inc. (the  Seller ) and CALARE PROPERTIES, INC. (the  Buyer ).    W I T N E S S E T H  T H A T :    WHEREAS, Seller and Buyer entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement   and Escrow Instructions dated May 23, 2016, as amended by that certain First Amendment to   Purchase and Sale Agreement dated July 22, 2016 and that certain as amended by that Second   Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated September 20, 2016 (collectively the    Agreement  and   WHEREAS, Seller and Buyer desire to further amend the Agreement as herein provided.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained the   Seller and Buyer hereby agree as follows:   1. Inclusion. The above  WHEREAS  clauses are hereby incorporated into the Third   Amendment as if fully repeated herein. The capitalized terms not defined in this Third   Amendment shall have the meanings as set forth in the Agreement.   2. Approval Notice. Buyer hereby determines that, subject to the agreements set   forth in this Third Amendment, the Contingencies set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement are   satisfied or waived. Accordingly, this Third Amendment shall serve as Buyer s Approval Notice.   3. Form of Agreements. The definitions for Build-to-Suit Lease, Buyer/Seller   Lease, Hale Street Lease Amendment, and REA set forth in Section 1 of the Agreement are   deleted and the following definitions are, respectively, inserted in their place:   Build-to-Suit Lease: The Lease Agreement pursuant to which Buyer (or its   nominee or affiliate), as landlord, agrees to lease to Seller s   affiliate, as tenant, that portion of the Land shown as  BTS   Parcel  on Exhibit A-1 (the  BTS Parcel ) including a new   building consisting of approximately 59,000 square feet and   associated site improvements to be constructed by Buyer (or   its nominee or affiliate), at Buyer s sole cost and expense, on   the BTS Parcel, subject to the terms and conditions of such   Lease Agreement, in the form set forth in Attachment 1 to   Third Amendment, attached hereto and made a part hereof.            

Page 2   Buyer/Seller Lease: The Lease Agreement pursuant to which Buyer (or its nominee   or affiliate), as landlord, agrees to lease to Seller s affiliate,   as tenant, that portion of the Land shown as the  Leased   Parcel  on Exhibit A-1 (the  Leased Parcel ) including the   Building and Improvements located thereon, all in the form   set forth in Attachment 2 to Third Amendment, attached   hereto and made a part hereof.   Hale Street Lease   Amendment:   REA:   The Fifth Amendment to Lease to be entered into between   ND Hale Street, LLC (an affiliate of Buyer), as landlord,   and Seller s affiliate, as tenant, which modifies a certain   lease dated May 31, 2007, as amended, relating to certain   premises in Lowell, Massachusetts known as and   numbered 121 Hale Street, in the form set forth in   Attachment 3 to Third Amendment, attached hereto and   made a part hereof.   The Reciprocal Easement Agreement contemplated by   each of the Build-to-Suit Lease, Buyer/Seller Lease, and   Hale Street Lease Amendment in the form set forth in   Attachment 4 to Third Amendment, attached hereto   and made a part hereof.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer and Seller acknowledge that Section III.B, Exhibit B and   Exhibit C of the REA and the forms of the 2016 Assignment and the 2016 Consent as referred to   in the Hale Street Lease Amendment (collectively, the  Open Items ) remain subject to completion   by both Seller and Buyer, who agree to work in good faith to finalize the Open Items prior to   Closing; provided, however, that agreement on the Open Items by both Seller and Buyer, acting   in their respective sole discretion, will be both a condition to Buyer s obligation to proceed to   Closing under Section 8(b) of the Agreement and a condition to Seller s obligation to proceed to   Closing under Section 8(c) of the Agreement.   4. Closing Date. The definition for Closing Date set forth in Section 1 of the   Agreement is deleted and the following definition is inserted in its place:   Closing Date: November 14, 2016 (the  Scheduled Closing Date ).   5. Miscellaneous. This Third Amendment shall become effective only upon full   execution and delivery of this Third Amendment by Seller and Buyer. The Agreement, as modified   by this Third Amendment, contains the parties  entire agreement regarding the subject matter   covered by the Agreement and this Third Amendment and supersedes all prior correspondence,   negotiations and agreements, if any, whether oral or written, between the parties concerning such   subject matter. There are no contemporaneous oral agreements, and there are no representations or   warranties between the parties not contained in the Agreement and this Third Amendment. Except   as modified by this Third Amendment, the terms and provisions of the Agreement shall remain in   full force and effect, and the Agreement, as modified by this Third Amendment, shall be binding   upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their successors and permitted assigns.      

Page 3   6. Counterparts; Facsimile and PDF Signatures. This Third Amendment may be   executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original   instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   Signature and acknowledgment pages, if any, may be detached from the counterparts and   attached to a single copy of this document to physically form one document. Signatures given   by facsimile, electronic pdf, or portable documents format shall be binding and effective to   the same extent as original signatures.         [Signature Page Follows]            

Page 4   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be   executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date.      SELLER: MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS   INC.,    a Delaware corporation             /s/ Robert   McMullan________________________    By: Robert McMullan     Chief Financial Officer            BUYER: CALARE PROPERTIES, INC.,    a Delaware corporation             /s/ William   Manley__________________________     By: William Manley     Authorized Agent                                    Signature Page to Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow   Instructions         

Page 5            ATTACHMENT 1 TO THIRD AMENDMENT         Form of Build-to-Suit Lease      (appended hereto)      

Page 6   LEASE AGREEMENT      144 CHELMSFORD STREET   LOWELL,  MASSACHUSETTS      THIS LEASE AGREEMENT (the  Lease  or this  Lease ) is made and entered into as of      the    _     day   of  ,    2016    (the     Effective    Date ),    by  and   between   [ ], a  [ ] ( Landlord ) and MACOM   TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation ( Tenant ).      RECITALS      A. Landlord [OR ITS AFFILIATE] is, simultaneously with the execution and delivery   of this Lease, purchasing from Tenant s affiliate certain improved real property (the  Landlord s   Parcel ) currently known as and numbered 100 Chelmsford Street, in the City of Lowell,   Massachusetts, more particularly described on EXHIBIT A and shown on the plan attached hereto   as EXHIBIT A-1.      B. Landlord desires to lease to Tenant and Tenant desires to lease from Landlord that   certain portion of the Landlord s Parcel shown as  144 CHELMSFORD PARCEL  on the plan   attached hereto as EXHIBIT A-1 (the  Leased Parcel ), together with the Improvements (as   defined herein), which will include without limitation certain improvements to be constructed by   Landlord to the extent required as set forth in APPENDIX 1 (attached hereto and incorporated   herein by reference) and Intangible Rights (as defined herein), all upon the terms and conditions   hereinafter set forth. It is anticipated that the Leased Parcel will be known as and numbered 144   Chelmsford Street, Lowell, Massachusetts.      C. Simultaneously herewith Landlord [OR ITS AFFILIATE] and Tenant are entering   into a Lease Agreement (the  100 Chelmsford Lease ) pursuant to which Landlord [OR ITS   AFFILIATE] will lease to Tenant the remaining portion of Landlord s Parcel as shown as  100   CHELMSFORD PARCEL  on the plan attached hereto as EXHIBIT A-1 together with all   Improvements (as such term is defined in the 100 Chelmsford Lease) now and/or hereafter existing   thereon, which will include without limitation certain site improvements to be constructed by   Landlord to the extent required as set forth in APPENDIX 1 (the  100 Chelmsford Parcel ).      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, the parties   do hereby agree as follows:      I. (a)  Demise. Landlord  hereby leases unto Tenant and Tenant  hereby leases   from   Landlord the Leased Parcel and all buildings, structures, fixtures and improvements now or   hereafter located thereon and/or to be constructed thereon as in this Lease provided (collectively   the  Improvements ), together with all existing rights of ingress and egress from all public ways   adjacent to the Premises, such rights (the  Ancillary Rights ) being in common with Landlord and   others now or hereafter entitled thereto from time to time pursuant to the terms of any applicable   Other Documents (as defined herein). It is anticipated that upon the occurrence of Substantial   Completion of the Landlord Work (as such terms are defined in APPENDIX 1),  the      

2    Improvements .will include without limitation a building comprised of approximately 59,000   square feet of gross floor area as shown approximately as  NEW BUILDING  and  CONNECTOR    on EXHIBIT A-2, which square footage shall be finalized by the Work Plans (as defined in   APPENDIX 1) and shall not be subject to challenge or re-measurement by either party for all   intents and purposes under this Lease (except to the extent otherwise expressly provided herein).   The Leased Parcel, the Improvements and Ancillary Rights are hereinafter collectively referred  to   as the  Premises.  As used herein,  Building  shall mean any building or buildings as shall at any   given time have been constructed on the Leased Parcel.      (b) Condition of Leased Parcel. Immediately prior to the Effective Date, Tenant   occupied the Leased Parcel. Tenant is therefore familiar with the Leased Parcel, and its condition   and suitability for Tenant s use and Tenant acknowledges that, except as specifically  set forth   herein, Landlord has not made any warranty or representations, expressed or implied, as to the   condition or suitability of the Leased Parcel for Tenant s intended use and that Tenant is leasing   the Leased Parcel and hereby accepts the Leased Parcel in its  AS IS  and  WHERE IS  condition.   Except to the extent expressly set forth in APPENDIX 1, Landlord shall not have any obligation   to make repairs, alterations or improvements to the Leased Parcel, Building and/or Premises, either   at or prior to the commencement of the term hereof or at any time thereafter. Tenant, at Tenant s   option and/or election, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to perform certain work and/or   make certain installations at the Premises in connection with Tenant s initial occupancy thereof as   set forth in EXHIBIT B (the  Tenant Work ).      (c) Landlord Work. APPENDIX 1 sets forth certain rights and obligations of   Landlord and Tenant with respect to the design, permitting and performance  of the Landlord Work   (as defined in APPENDIX 1), which Landlord  Work includes certain site improvements  to be   made to both the Leased Premises and the 100 Chelmsford Parcel. As set forth in APPENDIX 1,   in the event of the occurrence of an Approval Contingency Failure (as defined in APPENDIX 1),   subject to all of the terms and conditions applicable thereto as set forth in APPENDIX 1, Landlord   shall have no obligation to perform the Landlord Work and the Possession Date shall be deemed   to have occurred. Further in the event of the occurrence of an Approval Contingency Failure, and   only in such event, the terms and conditions of EXHIBIT F shall also apply (and shall govern and   control in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Lease outside of   EXHIBIT F and the terms and conditions of EXHIBIT  F).      2. Term.      (a) Initial Term. The initial term ( Initial Term ) of this Lease shall  commence   on the Commencement Date and shall terminate at 11:59 p.m. on the last day of the month during   which the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Commencement Date occurs, subject to Tenant s   right to extend this Lease as set forth in Section 2.2. As used  herein,   Commencement Date  shall   mean the Possession Date (as defined in APPENDIX 1). As used herein, the  term  or the  term   of this Lease  shall mean the Initial Term, as the same may be extended by an Optional Extension   Term (as defined herein) as set forth in clause (b) immediately below.      (b) Extension Term(s). Provided that Tenant is not then in default beyond any   applicable notice and cure period under any monetary term or condition of this Lease at the  time      

3    of exercise of an Optional Extension Term (defined herein), and further provided that Tenant gives   Landlord written notice of Tenant s election to exercise an Optional Extension Term by no later   than such date (the  Option Exercise Deadline ) as is at least two (2) years prior to the end of the   then current term, Tenant shall have the right to extend the term of this Lease for two (2) separate   and consecutive optional extension periods of ten (10) years each (each an  Optional Extension   Term  and collectively the  Optional Extension Terms ). Upon Tenant s exercise of  an option to   extend the term for an Optional Extension Term as set forth above, the term of this Lease shall be   thereby automatically extended for the period of such Optional Extension Term without the need   for the parties to execute and deliver any further documentation, such Optional Extension Term   shall be on the same terms and conditions as were in effect under this Lease for the term prior to   such Optional Extension Term except that the fixed annual Base Rent due hereunder for each   Optional Extension Term shall be determined as set forth in Section 3(b) and Tenant shall have no   further options to extend the term other than the Optional Extension Terms expressly provided for   in this Section 2(b). At such time as such information has been conclusively determined hereunder,   at the election of either party, the parties shall execute an agreement, in a form reasonably   acceptable to the parties, memorializing the dates of any Optional Extension Term and the Base   Rent applicable thereto.      3. Rental.      (a) During the term hereof, commencing on the Commencement Date, Tenant   shall pay to Landlord, in advance on the first day of each calendar month in equal monthly   installments at the address set forth in Section 17 or such other place as Landlord may from time   to time designate, in writing, without demand or right of set-off except to the extent (if any)   otherwise expressly set forth in this Lease, fixed and minimum annual rental ( Base Rent ) as   determined under Section I(i) of APPENDIX 1, provided that commencing on the first day after   the conclusion of the first twelve (12) full calendar months of the term, and then continuing   annually thereafter on the one (1) year anniversary of such date, the Base Rent shall be increased   by one and one-half percent (1.5%) above the previous year s Base Rent. All Base Rent shall be   payable in addition to all additional rent required under this Lease. If the Commencement Date   begins on a date other than the first day of a calendar month, or the term of this Lease ends on a   day other than the last day of the calendar month, Base Rent for such month shall be prorated,   based on the number of days in the applicable calendar month. Tenant shall pay an interest  charge   determined in accordance with Section 16 for Base Rent received by Landlord more than five (5)   days following the due date.      (b) Extension Terms. The annual Base Rent due during each Optional   Extension Term for which Tenant shall have exercised its extension option right shall be equal to   the greater of (i) ninety-five percent (95%) of the Market Rent (as defined herein) or (ii) the average   of the annual Base Rent in effect for all years (x) of the Initial Term (in the case of the first such   Optional Extension Term) or (y) of the first such Optional Extension Term (in the case of the   second such Optional Extension Term); provided that, commencing on the first day after the   conclusion of the first twelve (12) full calendar months of any such first or second (as applicable)   Optional Extension Term and then continuing annually thereafter  on  each anniversary of such   date for the duration of such first or second (as applicable) Optional Extension Term, the annual   Base Rent shall be increased by one and one-half percent (1.5%) above the previous year s annual   Base Rent.      

4    (c) Market Rent. The  Market Rent  for the Premises shall be the rental rate   being charged under new leases of premises in Massachusetts comparable to the Premises and   located within ten (10) miles of the Premises (the  Trade Area ) for the first year of a ten (10) year   term commencing approximately at the time of the applicable Optional Extension Term, taking   into account all of the terms and conditions of this Lease (other than rental) and all other relevant   factors such as the size, condition, use, utility, location and accessibility of the Premises,   determined as follows:      (i) Within ninety (90) days after the later to occur of (i) Landlord s   receipt of Tenant s notice of its exercise of an Optional Extension Term in accordance with Section   2(b) or (ii) the Option Exercise Deadline applicable thereto, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant   written notice of its determination of Market Rent. Tenant shall, within sixty (60) days after receipt   of such notice, notify Landlord in writing whether Tenant accepts or rejects Landlord s   determination of Market Rent ( Tenant s Response Notice ). If Tenant so accepts Landlord s   determination of Market Rent or if Tenant fails to timely deliver Tenant s Response Notice then   such determination of the Market Rent by Landlord shall be conclusively deemed to be the Market   Rent hereunder for the applicable Optional Extension Term.      (ii) If Tenant s Response Notice is timely delivered to Landlord and   indicates that Tenant rejects Landlord s determination of Market Rent, then Market Rent shall be   determined  in accordance with the procedures set forth below in this clause (ii).  Within   fifteen   (15) days after receipt by Landlord of Tenant s Response Notice indicating Tenant s rejection of   Landlord s determination of Market Rent, Tenant and Landlord shall each notify the other in   writing of their respective designation of an individual broker or appraiser (respectively,  Tenant s   Broker  and  Landlord s Broker ). If Landlord shall fail to so designate Landlord s Broker then   Tenant shall have the right to arrange for Tenant s Broker to designate Landlord s Broker by notice   to Landlord and Tenant given after Landlord s failure to have done so as and when required herein,   and if Tenant shall fail to so designate Tenant s Broker then  Landlord  shall have the right to   arrange for Landlord s Broker to designate Tenant s Broker by notice to Landlord and Tenant given   after Tenant s failure to have done so as and when required herein. Within ten (10) days of the   designation of Landlord s Broker and Tenant s Broker, Landlord s Broker and Tenant s Broker shall   jointly select a third broker (the  Third Broker ), failing which either party may petition the   President of the Greater Boston Real Estate Board requesting that  he or she designate the Third   Broker (which designation shall be binding on the parties). All of the brokers or appraisers selected   shall be duly licensed or certified individuals with at least  five   (5) years  commercial brokerage or appraisal experience in the Trade Area with particular   experience with the type of property represented by the Premises and, in the case of the Third   Broker only, shall not have acted in any capacity for either Landlord or Tenant or any Tenant   Affiliate (as defined herein) within ten (10) years prior to the broker s selection. The Third Broker   shall determine the Market Rent for the applicable Optional Extension Term in accordance with   the requirements and criteria set forth herein employing the method commonly known as Baseball   Arbitration, whereby Landlord s Broker and Tenant s Broker each sets forth its determination of   Market Rent, and the Third Broker must select one or the other (it being understood that the Third   Broker shall be expressly prohibited from selecting any alternative figure). Landlord s Broker and   Tenant s Broker shall deliver their respective determinations of the Market Rent to the Third      

5    Broker within twenty (20) days of the appointment of the Third Broker and the Third Broker shall   render his or her decision within fifteen (15) days after receipt      

6    of both of the other two determinations of Market Rent. The Third Broker s decision shall be   binding on both Landlord and Tenant and shall be conclusively determined to be the Market  Rent   hereunder for the applicable Optional Extension Term. If either Landlord s Broker or Tenant s   Broker shall have failed to submit their respective determinations of Market Rent as  and when   required hereunder, then any determination of Market Rent that shall have been submitted by one   of them as and when required hereunder shall be conclusively determined to be the Market Rent   hereunder for the applicable Optional Extension Term. Each party shall bear  the cost of its own   broker or appraiser and shall share equally in the cost of the Third Broker. In the event that the   Market Rent has not been conclusively determined before the commencement of the applicable   Optional Extension Term, then Tenant shall pay Base Rent based upon a ten percent (10%)   premium over the annual Base Rent in effect immediately prior to the commencement of the   applicable Optional Extension Term until Market Rent for such Optional Extension Term has been   conclusively determined hereunder, at which time either Tenant shall promptly pay any unpaid   Base Rent to Landlord or Landlord shall promptly refund or credit to Tenant any overpaid Base   Rent, in either case with interest at the rate provided for under Section 16.      4. Taxes.      (a) Throughout the term of this Lease and any extension, Tenant shall pay   before delinquency, as additional rent, all Taxes upon or allocable to the Premises as set forth   herein. As used herein,  Taxes  shall mean all taxes, charges and assessments, general and special,   ordinary and extraordinary, of every nature and kind whatsoever, and all water rates and sewage   or sewer use charges levied, assessed or imposed upon any property that includes the Premises or   any portion thereof (the  Taxed Property ), as hereinafter provided, whether such tax, rate, charge   or assessment shall be for village, town, county, state, federal or any other purpose whatsoever   Taxes shall include, without limitation, all general real property taxes and general, special and   area-wide assessments, charges, fees, assessments for transit, police, fire or other governmental   services or purported benefits to the Taxed Property, so-called business improvement district   charges and service payments in lieu of or in addition to real estate taxes, that may be now or may   hereafter be levied or assessed against the Taxed Property or Landlord by the United States of   America, the County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, City of Lowell, or any   political subdivision, public corporation, district or other political or public entity. Taxes shall also   include any and all general and special assessments, fees and charges assessed or imposed upon   the Taxed Property by virtue of any private restrictive covenant. Should any governmental agency   or political subdivision impose any taxes and/or assessments, whether or not now customary or   within the contemplation of the parties hereto, either by way of substitution for taxes and   assessments presently levied and assessed against the real estate as well as the Improvements   thereon, or in addition thereto, including, without limitation, any taxes based upon the rentals   received by Landlord hereunder (other than an income or franchise tax) or any other tax, fee or   excise on the act of entering into this Lease or on the use or occupancy of the Premises or any part   thereof or in connection with the business of renting the Premises, such taxes and/or assessments   shall be deemed to constitute Taxes for the purpose of this Section 4 and shall be paid by Tenant.   Taxes shall not  include  income, intangible, franchise, capital stock, estate or inheritance taxes or   taxes substituted for or in lieu of the foregoing exclusions, all of which shall be paid by Landlord.   Taxes payable by Tenant hereunder shall also include reasonable costs, disbursements and legal   fees of Landlord incurred      

7    in connection with proceedings to abate, contest, determine or reduce any such Taxes (a  Tax   Contest ), but not in excess of the savings to Tenant realized by the Tax Contest unless Landlord   undertook such Tax Contest on account of a Tenant Request (as defined herein). Upon written   request Tenant shall furnish to Landlord a receipted tax bill, or other satisfactory evidence of the   payment of such taxes, assessments and charges within IO days after the same are due and payable.   Tenant s obligations under this Section 4 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this   Lease.      (b) With regard to Taxes, if at any time during the term of this Lease, the   Premises are assessed for Tax purposes as a part of any other real property owned by Landlord   (the  Landlord s Tax Parcel ), then Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay to Landlord (A)   one hundred (I 00%) percent of the Taxes assessed against or allocated to all buildings and related   improvements on the Premises (and any fixtures or personal property located therein); and (B)   Tenant s Pro Rata Share of the Taxes assessed against or allocated to the land comprising, and so-   called site improvements (specifically excluding any buildings) located on, the Landlord s Tax   Parcel, such payment to be made within thirty (30) days following  Landlord s invoicing Tenant   therefor (which invoice shall include copies of the applicable Tax bills). Tenant s  Pro Rata Share    shall be a fraction the numerator of which is the square foot land area of the Leased Parcel and the   denominator of which is the square foot land area of the Landlord s Tax Parcel, as either thereof   may change as a result of a lot line adjustment as contemplated under clause (I) of Section 35(a)   below. As of the Effective Date, the Tenant s Pro Rata Share is (     %) percent.  If,  however,   the Premises are assessed   for Taxes separate and apart from any other real property of Landlord,   then Tenant shall pay, prior to delinquency, and directly to the taxing authority, one hundred (I   00%) percent of all Taxes assessed against or allocated to the Premises and if Tenant is delinquent   in paying any thereof then Tenant shall be fully responsible for paying upon the imposition thereof   any interest,  penalty or other late fee or charge arising due to such delinquency. If the Premises   are separately assessed for Taxes, Landlord shall attempt to arrange to have all notices concerning   tax assessments, changes in assessments, tax rates and changes, and tax bills (collectively,  Tax   Bills ) sent directly from the applicable governmental authorities to Tenant. If Landlord is not   able to arrange to have Tax Bills sent directly to Tenant, then based upon timely receipt thereof   by Landlord, Landlord shall timely supply Tenant with copies of all Tax Bills after receipt by   Landlord, so that Tenant may timely pay such Tax Bills so as to avoid any interest or penalty   charges for late payment. If Landlord fails to provide such invoices in a timely fashion Landlord   shall pay any late charge, interest or fee based on such delay and payment. Notwithstanding   anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant shall be responsible for paying, directly to the   taxing authority and without delinquency, all governmental imposed taxes, charges or assessments   against any fixtures or personal property of Tenant.      (c) If there are at least two (2) years remaining under the term of this Lease   and Tenant is not in default under this Lease beyond any applicable notice or cure period, and if:      A. the Premises are separately assessed for Taxes and Tenant notifies   Landlord, on or prior to the twenty-fifth (25th) day prior to the deadline under   applicable law for timely filing for a Tax Contest (the  Filing Deadline ), that   Tenant will file a Tax Contest, or      

8    B. the Premises are not separately assessed for Taxes and Tenant   notifies Landlord, on or prior to the twenty-fifth (25th) day prior to the Filing   Deadline, of Tenant s request that Landlord pursue a particular Tax Contest (a    Tenant Request ) but Landlord, within fifteen (15) days prior to the Filing   Deadline, notifies Tenant that Landlord is declining such request,      then, in either such case, Tenant may pursue a Tax Contest in good faith by appropriate   proceedings at its own expense, provided that Tenant shall first have paid such Taxes or, if the   payment of such Taxes is to be postponed or deferred during the contest with respect to and such   Tax Contest is occurring during any period in which Tenant does not satisfy the Financial   Prerequisite (as defined herein), Tenant shall have furnished Landlord a bond of a  surety company   reasonably satisfactory to Landlord in an amount equal to, or shall have deposited with any bank   or trust company of Landlord s selection in the State wherein the Premises are located to hold such   deposit and apply the same as hereinafter provided, the amount of the Taxes so contested, together   with such additional sums as may reasonably be required to pay interest or penalties accrued or to   accrue on any such Taxes. Nothing contained herein, however, shall release Tenant of the   obligation to pay and discharge contested Taxes as finally adjudicated, with interest and penalties,   and all other charges directed to be paid in or by any such adjudication. Any such contest or legal   proceeding shall be begun by Tenant as permitted by applicable law; provided, however, that   Tenant may in its discretion consolidate any proceeding to obtain a reduction in the assessed   valuation of the Premises for tax purposes relating to any tax year with any similar proceeding or   proceedings relating to one or more other tax years. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to   the contrary, Tenant shall pay all such contested items before the time when the Premises or any   part thereof might be forfeited as a result of nonpayment.      (d) Landlord shall join in any Tax Contest brought by Tenant under Section   4(c) and hereby agrees that the same may be brought in its name, if the provisions of any law, rule   or regulation at the time in effect shall so require. Tenant shall indemnify and save Landlord   harmless from any liabilities, losses, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) in   connection with any such Tax Contest in which Landlord shall join or permit to be brought in its   name pursuant to this Section 4(d).      (e) So long as Tenant is not in default under any term or condition of this Lease   beyond any applicable notice and cure period, Tenant shall be entitled to share in any refund of   any Taxes on account of any Tax Contest (including any refunded penalties or interest thereon) in   an amount in proportion to the percentage that the amount so refunded was originally paid for by   Tenant (and Landlord shall be entitled to that portion of the refund that is in proportion to the   percentage that the amount so refunded was originally paid by Landlord, any predecessor owner   or any third party); provided, however, that there shall first be deducted from the amount of any   such refund such amounts as are necessary to reimburse Tenant (or Landlord, if Landlord was the   contesting party pursuant to Section 4(f) below), for the reasonable costs of the particular Tax   Contest actually paid by Tenant (or Landlord, if so applicable) in pursuit of  the Tax Contest   (provided that if any of such costs were paid to an affiliate of Tenant (or Landlord, if so applicable)   then those costs shall only be deducted to the extent that they do not exceed what such costs would   have been had they been paid to an unaffiliated party on an arm s  length basis).      

9    (t)  If Tenant  is not entitled to  pursue  a Tax  Contest as set forth  in  Section 4(c),   then Landlord may on its own initiative elect to pursue a Tax Contest without restriction; provided,   however that if (i) there are at least two (2) years remaining under the term of this Lease and (ii)   Tenant is not in default under this Lease beyond any applicable notice or cure period, then   Landlord shall not so commence any such Tax Contest, or agree to any settlement, compromise   or other disposition of any such Tax Contest proceedings, or discontinue or withdraw from any   such Tax Contest, or accept any refund of any Taxes as a result of any Tax Contest, in each case   without the consent of Tenant, which consent (x) Tenant may withhold in Tenant s sole discretion   if the Premises are separately assessed for Taxes or (y) Tenant shall not unreasonably withhold or   condition if the Premises are not separately assessed for Taxes, provided that, in any event, if   Tenant does not notify Landlord in writing within fifteen (15) days of Tenant s receipt of a notice   from Landlord requesting Tenant s consent to a Tax Contest (provided that Landlord s request   therefor shall include a statement in a conspicuous place and in capital letters to the effect that    FAILURE TO RESPOND TO THIS REQUEST    IN FIFTEEN   (15) DAYS WILL BE DEEMED CONSENT ) then Tenant shall be deemed to have given such   consent. Tenant agrees, at no out-of-pocket cost to Tenant, to reasonably cooperate with Landlord,   in any such Tax Contest brought by Landlord under this Section 4(t).      5. Use of Premises. Tenant shall have the right to use the Premises for any lawful   commercial use. Tenant shall not cause or maintain or authorize any nuisance or commit or suffer   the commission of any waste in, on or about the Premises. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord   has made no warranty or representation regarding the suitability of the Premises for Tenant s   intended use and that, except to the extent expressly set forth in APPENDIX 1 or to the extent   caused by negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord and/or Landlord employees, agents,   contractors and/or invitees, Tenant is responsible during the term of this Lease for all activities   occurring on the Premises. Subject to the provisions of Section 6 and APPENDIX 1, Tenant, at   its sole cost and expense, shall comply with and conform to all present and  future laws, codes,   ordinances, orders, judgments, decrees, injunctions, rules, regulations and requirements, even if   unforeseen or extraordinary, of every governmental authority or agency and all covenants,   restrictions and conditions now of record which may be applicable to the use, manner of use,   occupancy, possession, operation, maintenance, alteration, repair or reconstruction of the   Premises, even if compliance therewith (i) necessitates structural changes  or improvements   (including changes required to comply with the  American With Disabilities Act ) or (ii) requires   Tenant to carry insurance other than as required by the provisions of this Lease.      6. Repairs. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in APPENDIX 1, throughout the   term hereof, Tenant shall keep and maintain the Premises (including, without limitation, all   Improvements located therein, all Alterations made thereto, and all fixtures installed therein) in   good condition and repair and be responsible for all maintenance, repairs and replacements to the   Premises, structural and nonstructural, ordinary or extraordinary, foreseen or unforeseen,   including, but not limited to, all structural repairs and replacements to the foundation, exterior   and/or load bearing walls, interior and exterior windows, roof, and, mechanical, electrical,   plumbing, heating, ventilation and air conditioning and life safety systems (the  Systems ) of the   Premises, and including without limitation all landscaping, sidewalks, driveways, parking areas   and other outdoor facilities or amenities contained in or about the Premises. Tenant shall make all   such repairs and replacements as may be necessary to keep and maintain the Premises in a      

1   0      condition consistent with other buildings of similar use, age and construction located in the Lowell,   Massachusetts trade area, and shall not defer any repairs, maintenance or replacements  in   anticipation of the expiration of the term. Tenant shall keep and maintain the Premises in a clean,   safe, sanitary and tenantable condition in a manner compatible with its intended use, shall not   permit any garbage, waste, refuse or dirt of any kind to accumulate in or about the Premises, shall   keep all Systems in good working order and operating condition, shall keep all driveways, parking   areas, entrances and pedestrian walkways in a reasonably safe condition (including reasonably free   from snow and ice) and shall make any repairs, replacements or improvements which may be   required by any Jaws, rules, regulations, ordinances or orders of any federal, state, local or other   governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Premises. Tenant shall not cause deterioration   (other than ordinary wear and tear), waste, damage or injury to the Premises. Except as expressly   provided in APPENDIX 1 of this Lease, Landlord shall not be required to make any repairs,   alterations, maintenance or replacements in or to the Premises.      7. Utilities. Throughout the term hereof, Tenant shall be responsible for and shall   promptly pay as and when due all charges for heat, water, gas, electricity, telephone, sanitary sewer   and other utilities used or consumed in, on or upon the Premises. Tenant shall at all times keep the   Premises sufficiently heated so as to prevent freezing and deterioration thereof and/or of the   equipment and facilities contained therein. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in APPENDIX   1, Tenant shall be responsible for all utility connections.      8. Alterations.      (a) Except for the Tenant Work and except for New Improvements (as  defined   in EXHIBIT F), which Tenant may complete without the need for Landlord s prior written   approval under this Section 8 (but, in any event, subject to all of the other terms of this Lease   applicable thereto), Tenant shall not make any alterations, additions or improvements on, to or   about the Premises ( Alterations ) except in accordance with this Section 8. Except as otherwise   expressly set forth in Section 8(b) below, any Alterations shall at once be deemed a part of the   realty and belong to Landlord. Subject to the conditions set forth in clauses (A) through (F) of this   Section 8(a) below, as applicable, during the term of this Lease, except for any Tenant Work as   aforesaid: (i) Tenant shall be permitted to make any interior, non-structural Alterations to the   Building ( Permitted Non-Structural Alterations ) without the prior written consent of Landlord;   (ii) Tenant shall be permitted to make any Alterations to or affecting the interior structural elements   or Systems of the Premises or any part thereof and to the extent such interior structural alterations   necessitate structural Alterations to the exterior of the Building such changes shall be permitted   ( Permitted Structural Alterations  and, together with any Permitted Non-Structural Alterations,    Permitted Alterations ) without the prior written consent of  Landlord provided that Tenant   delivers to Landlord notice thereof at least thirty (30) days in advance of its making such Permitted   Structural Alterations which notice shall include copies of Tenant s plans and specifications   therefor; and (iii) Tenant shall not make any exterior  Alterations that are not Permitted Alterations   or any other Alterations that are not Permitted Alterations (as the case may be,  Other Alterations )   without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,   conditioned or delayed. During the term of this Lease, Tenant may install on the Premises such   trade fixtures and equipment as Tenant deems necessary for its business activities; provided that   the installation and use of all such  trade  fixtures   and  equipment   shall   be  in  compliance  with    any  and  all     applicable      

IO    governmental laws, rules, regulations and ordinances and if the installation of any such trade   fixtures or equipment would require modification to the structural elements or Systems of the   Premises or any part thereof then the same shall be deemed Permitted Structural Alterations. All   such Alterations shall be completed in a good and workmanlike manner incorporating materials   comparable to that which exist in the affected portions of the Premises and, in any event, in  good   condition,  and upon completion thereof Tenant shall deliver to Landlord copies of (x) any   certificate of occupancy required by any governmental authorities to have been issued therefor   and (y) plans and specifications prepared by a certified architect depicting such Alterations as   installed. Minor decorations to the Premises, such as moveable partitions, carpeting, painting and   wallpapering, shall not constitute Alterations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained   herein, all Alterations shall be subject to the following conditions:      A. Tenant shall pay, or cause to be paid, the entire cost of the   Alterations.      B. With respect to any Permitted Structural Alteration or any Other   Alteration that, in Landlord s reasonable judgment, would   materially adversely affect the value or the utility of the Premises,   Tenant shall, at Landlord s election (a  Restoration Election ),   either (as Landlord shall elect in its Restoration Election) (x) restore   the affected area to the condition in which it existed prior to such   Alteration or (y) otherwise remove the Alteration in a manner that   leaves the Premises in a safe and secure, structurally sound,   weather-tight and architecturally whole condition and in   compliance with applicable law. A Restoration Election may be   made at any time up until the later to occur of (i) one (1) year prior   to the natural expiration of the term of this Lease or (ii) in the  event   of any early termination of this Lease within ten (10) days following   the later to occur of (A) the date of such early termination or (B) not   more than ten (10) days after Tenant shall have afforded Landlord   all plans, specifications and other information and access   reasonably requested by Landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing   sentence, Tenant may at any time request in writing that Landlord   either make or decline to make a Restoration Election with respect   to any particular proposed Alterations (prior to Tenant s making the   same) and if Tenant makes such request and provides to Landlord   all plans, specifications and other information and access   reasonably requested by Landlord in order for Landlord to make a   reasonably informed decision as to whether to make a Restoration   Election then Landlord will, within 30 days after receiving all such   information, inform Tenant in writing as to whether Landlord is   making or declining to make such Restoration Election, with   Landlord s failure to make such Restoration  Election  being deemed   Landlord s having declined to make the same. If Landlord makes a   Restoration Election, Tenant may then elect not to make the   proposed  Alterations,  provided  that if Tenant  shall thereafter      

11    perform the Alternations then Tenant shall perform the restoration   or removal work required therefor at its sole cost, which work shall   be deemed Alterations to the extent applicable under the terms of   this Section 8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this   clause B shall not apply to any New Improvements except to the   extent of any Business Installations therein.      C. Tenant shall keep the Premises free from and promptly remove any   mechanic s liens and indemnify, defend, and hold Landlord   harmless from any and all liability or expense of any kind and   description (including reasonable attorneys  fees) which may arise   out of or be connected in any way with Tenant s Alterations. Any   mechanic s lien filed against the Premises or for Alterations or   materials furnished to Tenant shall be discharged by Tenant within   thirty (30) days of Tenant becoming aware of its filing, at Tenant s   sole expense, by payment or filing of a bond satisfactory to   Landlord.      D. Tenant shall hold Landlord harmless from all claims, losses,   liabilities, damages, and expenses (including reasonable attorney s   fees) resulting from any Alterations.      E. Tenant shall obtain and pay for all necessary permits and approvals   and shall comply with all applicable governmental requirements and   insurance rating bureau recommendations, including complying   with any rules and regulations related to the handling or removal of   asbestos containing materials; and      F. Tenant or Tenant s contractor s shall carry builder s risk insurance   covering all Alterations, in form and amounts and with companies   satisfactory to Landlord, naming Landlord and Mortgagee (as   defined herein), if any, as an additional insured.      (b) Tenant shall remain the owner of all trade fixtures and equipment installed   in the Premises, as well as those Alterations and fixtures (such fixtures, as distinguished from    trade fixtures  and  equipment,  being herein referred to as  Permanent Fixtures ) which are  part   of Tenant s business operations and functions conducted at the Premises (any such Alterations and   Permanent Fixtures being, individually or collectively,  Business Installations ). Tenant shall be   entitled to remove Business Installations at any time but at the expiration of the term of this Lease   shall be obligated to remove any such Business Installations for which Landlord shall have made   a Restoration Election in accordance with clause (B) of Section 8(a), subject to the requirements   of Section 18 below.  In any event, in connection with any removal  of Business Installations   Tenant shall (x) restore the affected area to the condition in which it existed prior to the initial   installation thereof or (y) otherwise remove the same in a manner that leaves the Premises in a safe   and secure, structurally sound, weather-tight and architecturally whole condition and in   compliance with applicable law. Landlord hereby waives any and all rights it may have to any   statutory, pre-judgment landlord s lien and/or rights of distraint    on the      

12    Business Installations, as well as on any of Tenant s trade fixtures, equipment, goods, inventory   and other personal property located within the Premises (collectively,  Tenant s Property ). If   requested by Tenant s lender holding a lien on Tenant s Property ( Tenant s Lender ), Landlord   shall promptly execute and deliver an instrument in form reasonably satisfactory to Tenant s   Lender and Landlord, which form shall (i) provide for Landlord s consent to the Lender s lien on   any of Tenant s Property ( Collateral ), (ii) provide for Landlord s subordination to the Lender s   lien of any right to levy or distrain the Collateral (and confirming Landlord s subordination to  the   Lender s lien of any statutory lien on the Collateral) and (iii) afford Tenant s Lender the opportunity   to enter the Premises in order to remove the Collateral on reasonable terms and conditions   (including without limitation, the condition that Tenant s Lender pay Landlord any  per diem   amounts due under Section 20 hereof with respect to any period of time in which the Collateral   remains on the Premises after the termination of this Lease, restore any damage caused by such   removal and otherwise remove such collateral in accordance with any requirements of clause (B)   of Section 8(a) above or Section 18 below as are applicable to the particular  Collateral, and   indemnify Landlord from any damage or liability caused to Landlord by such entry and removal   activities including reasonable attorneys  fees incurred by Landlord in connection therewith.      (c) Without limitation, the installation by Tenant on the roof of any Building,   and/or any other portion(s) of the Leased Parcel upon which buildings or structures may be erected   under the terms of this Lease, of solar panels ( Solar Panels ), equipment providing an   uninterrupted power supply to the Premises (including, without limitation, generators and   chargers), and/or equipment providing for electric service generation and/or storage (any such   solar panels and/or other equipment being, collectively,  Tenant s Exterior Equipment ) shall   constitute Permitted Alterations hereunder. Tenant s Exterior Equipment, once installed, shall   constitute Business Installations hereunder for which Landlord shall be deemed to have made a   Restoration Obligation. All proceeds and other consideration which Tenant receives relative to the   exercise of Tenant s right to install and/or operate the Solar Panels and/or any other items of   Tenant s Exterior Equipment shall be the sole property of the Tenant and Landlord shall have no   right, title or interest in and to the same or any part thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no   event shall Tenant enter into any contract providing for the use, output or other benefit of the Solar   Panels and/or any other items of Tenant s Exterior Equipment by any third party that will survive   the expiration of earlier termination of this Lease or otherwise be binding on Landlord.      9. Insurance and Indemnity.      (a) Liability Insurance. Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole expense, during the entire   term hereof, keep in full force and effect a policy of commercial general liability insurance with   respect to the Premises, and the business operated by Tenant in the Premises, in which the primary   coverage per accident or occurrence is not less than $1,000,000.00 of primary combined single   limit and the umbrella coverage per accident or occurrence is not less than $15,000,000.00 in the   aggregate. Each such policy shall name Landlord and any Mortgagee as an additional insured.      (b) Property Insurance. Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole expense, during the entire   term hereof, keep in full force and effect a policy of special form property  insurance against  fire,    vandalism,  malicious  mischief,  and  such  other  hazards as are from  time to time      

13    included in a ISO Special Form Causes of Loss form or its equivalent, insuring the Premises in an   amount equal to the full replacement value of the Improvements (with an agreed amount   endorsement, or no coinsurance form), and all Tenant s Property, in an amount equal to the full   replacement value thereof.      (c) Contractors  Insurance. At all times when any work is in process in   connection with the performance of any Alterations, Tenant shall require all contractors and   subcontractors to maintain the following insurance:      (i) Commercial general liability insurance in the amount of One   Million ($1,000,000.00) Dollars insuring Landlord and Mortgagee,   if any, as additional insureds;      (ii) the insurance required under clause (F) of Section 8(a) above;      (iii) Worker s Compensation, as required by law; and      (iv) Automobile liability insurance, including but not limited to,   passenger liability, on all owned, non-owned and hired vehicles in   connection with the Premises, with a combined single limit per   occurrence of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) for   bodily injury and property damage.      (d) Requirements. The policies required under this Article 9 may be furnished   by Tenant under any blanket policy carried by it (provided the minimum limits set forth above are   applicable to the Premises) or under a separate policy therefor. The insurance shall be with carriers   with a Best Insurance rating of  A-  or better and a financial size rating of  VIII  or better and   qualified to do business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Certificates of the insurers, on   the ACORD standard or equivalent forms, evidencing the maintenance of such insurance policies   shall be delivered to Landlord prior to commencement of the term of this Lease and, upon   renewals, not less than ten (I 0) days prior to the expiration of a coverage period. At any time during   which Tenant satisfies the Financial Prerequisite, Tenant may self-retain any losses up to a   maximum amount determined appropriate by Tenant. At any time after the third (3rd) anniversary   of the Effective Date, any minimum dollar coverage requirements set forth herein shall be subject   to increase to levels customarily required by landlords of similar properties in eastern   Massachusetts, upon Landlord s election by notice to Tenant therefor given from time to time (but   not more than once in any given period of three (3) years). Prior to the  last two (2) years of the   term of this Lease, Tenant alone will be entitled to adjust any losses and to receive insurance   proceeds (provided that Tenant shall keep Landlord reasonably apprised of, and afford Landlord   the reasonable opportunity to advise and consult in, but with no approval authority over the   adjustment process) but in any event, to the extent necessary, Tenant shall use such proceeds for   purposes of complying with any Tenant s repair, restoration and rebuilding obligations hereunder.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time Tenant does not satisfy the Financial Prerequisite   then such proceeds shall not be received by Tenant but, rather, shall be paid to the first priority   Mortgagee or, if there is no Mortgagee, a bank, trust company or institutional escrow agent   reasonably satisfactory to the parties, to be disbursed for the foregoing purposes on terms and   conditions reasonably required by Landlord or the first priority Mortgagee      

14    (which may include, without limitation, those that an institutional construction lender would   customarily and reasonably require for disbursement of construction loan proceeds). During the   last two (2) years of the term of this Lease, Landlord alone will be entitled to adjust any losses and   to receive insurance proceeds (provided that Landlord shall keep Tenant reasonably apprised of,   and afford Tenant the reasonable opportunity to advise and consult in, but with no approval   authority over the adjustment process) but in any event Landlord shall make such proceeds timely   available to Tenant for purposes of Tenant s complying with its repair, restoration and rebuilding   obligations hereunder on terms and conditions reasonably imposed by Landlord or Landlord s   senior mortgagee (which may include, without limitation, those that an institutional construction   lender would customarily and reasonably require for disbursement of construction loan proceeds).      (e) Tenant s Indemnity. Tenant shall defend, indemnify and save Landlord   harmless against and from any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses  (including   reasonable attorneys  fees), arising out of (a) Tenant s use or occupancy of the Premises or the   occurrence of any nuisance on the Property, (b) the conduct or management of the business   conducted by Tenant or any subtenant or other occupant in the Premises, (c) any breach or default   on the part of the Tenant in the performance of any covenant or agreement on the part of the Tenant   to be performed pursuant to the terms of this Lease, and (d) any act or negligence of Tenant, its   agents, contractors, servants, guests, employees, subtenants, concessionaires or licensees on or in   the Premises or its appurtenances. In case any action or proceeding is brought against Landlord by   reason of any such claim, Tenant, upon notice from Landlord, shall defend such action or   proceeding which is brought against Landlord by reason of any such claim. Tenant, upon notice   from Landlord, covenants to defend such action or proceeding by counsel reasonably satisfactory   to Landlord, provided that Landlord hereby approves any such counsel reasonably appointed by   Tenant s insurance company.      (f) Subrogation. Tenant and Landlord hereby release each other and its or their   respective officers, directors, employees and agents from any and all liability or responsibility (or   anyone claiming through or under them by way of subrogation or otherwise)  for any loss or   damage to property covered by insurance required maintained by the said party and shall maintain   insurance policies requiring such release.      (g) Landlord s Indemnity. Landlord shall defend, indemnify and save Tenant   harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses  (including   reasonable attorneys  fees) arising out of (a) any breach or default on the part of the Landlord in   the performance of any covenant or agreement on the part of the Landlord to be performed   pursuant to the terms of this Lease, and (b) any negligence of Landlord, its agents, contractors,   servants, guests, employees, tenants (other than Tenant), concessionaires or  licensees on or about   the Premises.  In case any action or proceeding is brought against Tenant  by reason of any such   claim, Landlord, upon notice from Tenant, shall defend such action or proceeding which is brought   against Tenant by reason of any such claim. Landlord, upon notice from Tenant, covenants to   defend such action or proceeding by counsel reasonably satisfactory  to Tenant, provided that   Tenant hereby approves any such counsel reasonably appointed by Landlord s insurance company.      10. Damage or Destruction.      

15    (a) If during the term of this Lease the Premises, or any portion thereof, are   destroyed or damaged by fire, explosion, or any other event whatsoever (a  casualty ), then Tenant   shall, as soon as practicable (after receipt of insurance proceeds, but only if and to the extent that   (i) Tenant shall have been required hereunder to insure the same, (ii) Tenant shall  have in fact   maintained such insurance as required hereunder and (iii) Tenant shall have proceeded to adjust   the insured loss diligently and in good faith), repair, restore, and rebuild the Premises to a condition   substantially equivalent to that existing prior to such casualty, and shall do so each time and as   often as any portion of the Premises shall be destroyed or damaged, regardless of whether such   casualty is covered by any insurance policy maintained by Tenant. Except as expressly provided   in Section 1O(b), below, no damage or destruction of any building or any of the fixtures or other   property therein shall be grounds for the termination of this Lease or relieve the Tenant from any   obligation created or imposed by virtue of this Lease; any laws of the state in which the Premises   is located to the contrary notwithstanding, including, but without limiting the generality of the   foregoing, Tenant s obligation to make payment of the rent and all other charges on the part of the   Tenant to be paid, and the Tenant s obligation to perform  all other covenants and agreements on   the part of the Tenant to be performed.      (b) (i)       Notwithstanding anything  contained  in this Lease to the contrary,   if Improvements, the replacement value of which shall exceed 50% or more of the replacement   value of all Improvements at the Premises are damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty   during the last two (2) years of the term hereof, then Tenant shall have the right to elect not to   repair, restore and rebuild the Premises as otherwise required under Section 1O(a) above by written   notice to Landlord given within sixty (60) days of the fire or other casualty (the  Non  Restoration   Notice ). If Tenant gives a Non-Restoration Notice as aforesaid, Tenant shall pay or cause to be   paid to Landlord, by insurance proceeds or a direct payment from Tenant or any combination of   the two, an aggregate amount equal to (i) the proceeds of all insurance  maintained by Tenant   hereunder covering such loss ( Insurance Proceeds ), plus (ii) any deductible or other self-retained   amount covering such loss, plus (iii) any remaining amount necessary so that Landlord shall have   received in full the reasonably estimated cost to repair, restore and rebuild the Improvements to   the same extent to which Tenant would have been required to repair, restore or rebuild the same   under Section lO(a) above had Tenant not given the Non-Restoration Notice. Such payment under   the preceding sentence (the  Restoration Payment ) shall be made within thirty (30) days after   Tenant shall have given the Non  Restoration Election or, with respect to any portion of such   payment to be paid by Insurance Proceeds, after the receipt of such Insurance Proceeds (but only   if and to the extent  that (i) Tenant shall have been required hereunder to insure the same, (ii)   Tenant shall have in fact maintained such insurance as required hereunder and (iii) Tenant shall   have proceeded to adjust the insured loss promptly, diligently and in good faith). Upon its receipt   thereof, the Restoration Payment shall be the sole and exclusive property of Landlord and Landlord   shall have no obligation whatsoever to rebuild, repair or restore any Improvements.      (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in clause (i)   immediately above, if Tenant gives a Non-Restoration Notice, Tenant shall be required to   demolish any damaged Improvements that Tenant has elected not to repair, restore or repair at   Tenant s sole cost and expense, such demolition to commence within sixty (60) days following the   date of the Non-Restoration Notice. Upon commencing any such demolition, Tenant shall   diligently  and continuously  pursue the same (a) to completion,  which completion  shall, in  any      

16    event, require that any demolished Improvements are completely razed to the ground (or, at   Tenant s election, to a slab foundation), any and all debris from such demolition is removed from   the Premises, the Premises are filled and graded, to the extent applicable, in a safe, secure and   sightly manner, and any and all utilities servicing such demolished Improvements have been   capped as required by law and by the applicable utility provider, and (b) otherwise in accordance   with all obligations hereunder applicable to Permitted Alterations.  Tenant s obligations  under the   preceding sentence are referred to herein as the  Demolition Obligations.       (iii) Commencing at such time as Tenant shall have paid  the Restoration   Payment to Landlord in full and continuing thereafter until the conclusion  of the term of this   Lease, Tenant s obligation to pay Base Rent shall be limited to 50% of the Base Rent that would   have otherwise accrued during such period. Tenant s giving of a Non-Restoration Notice shall in   no event result in any termination of this Lease or, except as expressly set forth in the preceding   sentence, result in any abatement or reduction of Rent or otherwise relieve Tenant of any   obligation to pay Rent. Upon the giving of a Non-Restoration Notice, Tenant shall have no further   right to exercise an Optional Extension Term (and any Optional Extension Terms then exercised   and for which the applicable Optional Extension Term has not yet commenced shall be deemed   rescinded and of no further force and effect).      11. Public Taking.      (a) If during or prior to the term of this Lease all or substantially all of the   Premises shall be sold to or taken by any public authority under its power of condemnation or the   threat thereof, this Lease shall terminate as of the date possession shall be transferred to the   acquiring authority, and the rental payable hereunder shall be apportioned accordingly. Upon any   taking of less than substantially all of the Premises, this Lease shall continue in force as to the part   of the Premises not taken. In the event of any such partial taking, Tenant, at Tenant s  sole cost   except as otherwise provided herein, shall, upon the availability of the funds therefor to Tenant as   hereinafter provided (and subject to the effect of such taking), diligently rebuild or restore the   remainder of the Premises to the condition in which they existed at the time of such taking. Except   as herein specifically provided otherwise, all damages awarded by or amounts paid by the   acquiring authority for any such taking, whether for the whole or a part of the Premises, shall   belong to and be the property of Landlord; provided that Tenant shall have the right to make its   separate claim for compensation for any loss or damage it suffers to its trade fixtures and for   statutory relocation expenses. In the event of a partial taking any proceeds received by Landlord   shall first be applied to reimburse Tenant for the costs of rebuilding or restoring the Premises to   its condition at the time of taking (subject to the effect of such taking) on reasonable terms and   conditions (which may include, without limitation, those that an institutional construction lender   would customarily and reasonably require for disbursement of construction loan proceeds).   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not be required to complete any restoration under this   Section 11 the cost of which exceeds the funds made available to Tenant therefor as provided   hereunder.      (b) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Lease to the contrary, (i) if   more than fifty percent (50%) of the gross building floor area of the Premises are taken during the   last year of the term of this Lease, or (ii) such lesser amount that would prevent the Tenant from   operating the Tenant s business as operated in the ordinary course prior to such    taking, or      

17    (iii) if access is taken such that the Premises no longer have reasonable vehicular and/or pedestrian   access, or (iv) if the parking areas of the Premises are taken such that the remaining available   parking does not meet the legal requirements therefor, then in any such event or events, Landlord   and Tenant each shall have the right to terminate this Lease by giving to the other written notice   of such termination within thirty (30) days after the date of such taking, specifying a termination   date of at least sixty (60) days and not more than ninety (90) days after the date of notice of   termination. Failure to give notice of termination within such thirty (30) day period shall be   deemed to be a waiver of such right of termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a termination   right made under clause (iv) hereof shall only be effective after Landlord has been given a   reasonable opportunity (not to exceed sixty (60) days after the date of such taking) to replicate the   parking at an offsite location reasonably acceptable to Tenant in Tenant s business judgment.      (c) In the event of a condemnation which does not result in a termination of   this Lease then in that event the Base Rent payable hereunder and any other item in this Lease   which is based upon the relative size of the Premises (including but not limited to the size of the   Leased Parcel and the Improvements) shall be adjusted and decreased on a pro rata basis from and   after the date of taking.      I 2. Assignment  and Subletting.      (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Tenant shall have no right   to assign or transfer this Lease, sublet all or any part of the Premises, grant a mortgage on Tenant s   leasehold interest under this Lease or otherwise hypothecate any interest of Tenant hereunder, or   grant a license or other use or occupancy right to any other person or entity to use all or any part   of the Premises, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law or whether directly or   indirectly (any of the foregoing being a  Transfer ), in each case without the prior written consent   of Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may engage in any of the following transactions (each, a    Permitted Transfer ) without the consent of the Landlord: (i) the sublease or assignment of   Tenant s interest under this Lease (the  Tenant Interest ) to any Tenant Affiliate; (ii) a sublease or   assignment to any entity in connection with a public offering of stock by Tenant; or (iii) a   transaction pursuant to which Tenant is merged or consolidated with any other entity or pursuant   to which all or substantially all of Tenant s assets (including, without limitation, the Tenant   Interest) are sold or transferred as a  going concern  and in a single transaction; provided,   however, that in any such case (A) the Transfer shall be made in good faith and for a legitimate   business purpose other than circumventing the restrictions on Transfer otherwise applicable under   this Section 12, (B) except in the case of a Transfer under clause (i) immediately above, either (x)   at the time of the proposed Transfer, each of Tenant and any applicable proposed transferee satisfy   the Financial Prerequisite or (y) immediately following the Transfer the entity comprising Tenant   shall have a Tangible Net Worth at least equal to that of Tenant as of the Effective Date (the    Original Net Worth ) provided that commencing  on the first day after the conclusion of the first   twelve (12) full calendar months of the term, and then continuing annually thereafter on the one   (I) year anniversary of such date, the Original Net Worth shall be deemed increased by 1.75%   above the Original Net Worth in effect for the previous year, (C) Tenant shall have given Landlord   at least fifteen (15) days   prior  written notice of any intended  Permitted  Transfer (which notice   shall contain  information   reasonably      

18    necessary for Landlord to conclude that Tenant s intended transaction qualifies as a Permitted   Transfer), and (D) the Permitted Transfer shall be subject to all of the other terms and conditions   of this Lease. For the purposes of this Lease, the entering into of any management agreement or   any agreement in the nature thereof transferring control of the business operations of Tenant in the   Premises as well as any substantial percentage of the profits and losses thereof to a person or entity   other than Tenant, or otherwise having substantially the same effect, shall be treated for all   purposes as a Transfer of this Lease and shall be governed by the provisions of this Section 12. As   used herein:       Financial Prerequisite  shall mean and be deemed to be satisfied with respect to any   applicable Tenant Entity (as defined herein) if, at the applicable time (as the context shall   provide for hereunder), the Tenant Entity is a US domiciled corporation for which  either   (i) the corporation s common stock is traded on a US public securities exchange or (ii)  the   corporation s Tangible Net Worth is at least two billion dollars ($2,000,000,000.00) (the    Minimum Net Worth ), provided that commencing on the first day after the conclusion   of the first twelve (12) full calendar months of the term, and then continuing annually   thereafter on the one (1) year anniversary of such date, the Minimum Net Worth shall be   increased by 1.75% above the previous year s Minimum Net Worth;       Tangible Net Worth  shall mean, with respect to any Tenant Entity, the excess of the   Tenant Entity s total assets over total liabilities, in each case as determined in accordance   with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied ( GAAP ), but   excluding, however, from the determination of total assets all assets that would be   classified as intangible assets under GAAP (including without limitation goodwill,   licenses, patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, and franchises);       Tenant Affiliate  shall mean any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under   common control with Tenant; and       Tenant Entity  shall mean the holder of the Tenant s interest under this Lease at any given   time (or, in the context specifically provided for in Section 12(a), its transferee).      (b) In the event Tenant desires to enter into a Transfer which requires   Landlord s consent, Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing at least thirty (30) days in advance of   the proposed effective date of Transfer (the  First Request ) of Tenant s intent to so Transfer, the   proposed effective date of such Transfer and the terms and conditions of the Transfer including all   rent and other consideration to be paid by the proposed transferee ( Transfer Information ), and   shall request in such notification that Landlord consent thereto. Landlord shall respond to  the First   Request within ten (10) business days of its receipt thereof (including its receipt of all Transfer   Information required to be included therein). If Landlord denies the First Request the response   shall set forth the reasons therefor, which may include, in Landlord s sole discretion, a request for   additional reasonable Transfer Information. If Landlord responds to the First Request by denying   its consent or if Landlord fails to timely respond to the First Request, Tenant may send Landlord   an additional request (the  Second Request ), which Second Request shall contain any and all   additional reasonable Transfer Information requested by Landlord pursuant to its response to the   First Request. Failure of Landlord to respond to the Second Request within ten      

19    (10) business days of Landlord s receipt thereof shall constitute approval of the Second  Request.      

20    In any event, upon request, Tenant shall promptly provide Landlord with all additional   information relating to any proposed Transfer as may be reasonably requested by Landlord. If   Landlord consents in writing to a Transfer, such consent shall be deemed conditioned upon   Tenant s compliance with the provisions of Section 12(c) below within ninety (90) days of   Landlord s consent (or any shorter period as may be applicable as set forth in Section 12(c)) and   the failure to so comply in a timely manner shall be deemed to give Landlord reasonable cause for   withholding or withdrawing its consent.      (c) (i)   Except for a Permitted  Transfer,  the Transfer  must be,  in  the   case of a sublease, a commercially leasable space and, in the case of an assignment, a transfer to   the transferee of all of Tenant s rights in and interests under this Lease.      (ii) At the time of such Transfer, this Lease must be in full force   and effect without any Event of Default existing.      (iii) The transferee shall unconditionally assume in the case of   an assignment, by written recordable instrument, the due performance of all of the obligations of   the Tenant under this Lease, including any accrued obligations at the time of the assignment.      (iv) A copy of the Transfer instrument and the original   assumption agreement under clause (iii) above fully executed and acknowledged by the transferee,   shall be delivered to Landlord within ten (10) days from the effective date of such Transfer.       (v) Such Transfer shall be upon and subject to all the provisions,   terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease including but without limitation all use restrictions   and restrictions on Transfer hereunder and Tenant (and any transferees of this Lease or guarantors   of Tenant s obligations hereunder) shall continue to be and remain primarily and unconditionally   liable hereunder.      (vi) Except  for a  Permitted  Transfer,  Tenant shall,  within ten   (10) days of Landlord s billing Tenant therefor, reimburse Landlord for Landlord s reasonable   attorneys  fees for examination of and/or preparation of any documents in connection with such   assignment or subletting not in excess of $3,000.00 (the  Transfer Fee ) in connection with any   single assignment or subletting request, provided that commencing on the first day after the   conclusion of the first twelve (12) full calendar months of the term, and then continuing annually   thereafter on the one (I) year anniversary of such date, the Transfer Fee shall be increased by   1.75% above the previous year s Transfer Fee.      (d) In the case of any assignment or sublet requiring Landlord s consent as set   forth above, Tenant will pay to Landlord, within thirty (30) days following Tenant s receipt   thereof, 50% of:      (i) in the case of an assignment, (A) all consideration paid to   and received by Tenant by the assignee with respect to the value of the leasehold and leasehold   improvements in excess of the unamortized cost thereof (but not including any value attributable   to Tenant s furniture, trade fixtures, equipment, inventory, other personal property, or for good   will or other intangible assets), less (B) all costs actually paid by Tenant in order to consummate      

21    such assignment, including but not limited to free rent, brokerage fees, improvement costs,   moving costs and attorneys  fees (provided that if any of such costs were paid to an affiliate of   Tenant then those costs shall only be deducted to the extent that they do not exceed what such   costs would have been had they been paid to an unaffiliated party on an arm s-length basis); and      (ii) in the case of a sublease, (A) all rents, additional charges or   other consideration received by Tenant during the term of the sublease, plus (B) any consideration   received by Tenant for leasehold improvements in excess of their unamortized cost (but not   including any value attributable to Tenant s furniture, trade fixtures, equipment, inventory, other   personal property, or for good will or other intangible assets), less (C) the sum of all Base Rent   and additional rent thereafter incurred by Tenant under this Lease (or a pro rata portion thereof in   connection with a partial sublet, to the extent allowed by Landlord),    and less   (D) all costs actually paid by Tenant in order to consummate such sublet, including but not limited   to brokerage fees, free rent, improvement costs, moving costs and attorneys  fees (provided that if   any of such costs were paid to a Tenant Affiliate then those costs shall only be deducted to the   extent that they do not exceed what such costs would have been had they been paid to an   unaffiliated party on an arm s-length basis).      (e) Any purported Transfer made without full compliance with the provisions   of this Section 12 shall, at Landlord s election, be void and shall confer no rights upon any third   person. If without conformance to the above process this Lease or the Premises or any part thereof   shall be transferred or the Premises occupied by anybody other than Tenant, Landlord may collect   rent from the assignee, subtenant or occupant, and apply the net amount collected to the Base Rent   and additional rent herein reserved, but no such assignment, subletting, occupancy or collection   shall be deemed a waiver of the foregoing covenant, or an acceptance of the assignee, subtenant   or occupant as tenant, or a release of Tenant from full performance hereunder. Except as otherwise   expressly provided in Section 12(g), Tenant shall remain primarily liable for all of the obligations   of the Tenant hereunder notwithstanding any assignment by Tenant of any of its rights or interests   hereunder. Each assignee shall be subject  to all of the terms and conditions of this Lease, including   all restrictions on Transfer. Each sublease shall be subordinate to the terms and conditions of this   Lease, and any Transfer or attempted Transfer by any subtenant with respect to its right, title or   interest under the sublease shall be deemed a Transfer or attempted Transfer under this Lease. No   act or conduct by the Landlord other than its express written consent shall constitute its consent   or waiver of its consent rights with respect to a particular Transfer. No Transfer or consent to   Transfer will operate to waive Landlord s rights with respect to any future Transfer.      (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Tenant may from   time to time, subject to all of the provisions of the Lease, permit portions of the Premises to be   used under so-called  desk sharing  arrangements by Tenant Related Parties (each such desk or   office space user, a  Desk Space User  provided, that (A) each Desk Space User shall use the   Premises in accordance with all of the provisions of this Lease, and only for the use expressly   permitted pursuant to this Lease, (B) in no event shall the use of any portion of the Premises by a   Desk Space User create or be deemed to create any right, title or interest of such Desk Space User   in any portion of the Premises or under this Lease or any other tenancy or occupancy rights   whatsoever, (C) such  desk sharing  arrangement shall terminate automatically upon the   termination of the Lease, and (D) Tenant shall receive no rent or other payment or consideration      

22    for the use of any space in the Premises by any Desk Space User in excess of an allocable share   of the rent payable by Tenant under the Lease. As used herein,  Tenant Related Party  shall mean   any persons or entities with whom Tenant has an ongoing business relationship other than as   tenants or occupants of the Premises (such as, by way of example, Tenant s auditors, Tenant s   clients and Tenant s joint venturers).      (g) Any assignment of this Lease made by Tenant with the consent of Landlord   and otherwise in compliance with the requirements of this Section 12 shall act to automatically   relieve Tenant of any further responsibility to Landlord  pursuant  to this Lease from and after the   effective date of such assignment; provided, however, that (i) at least ten (10) full years of term   have occurred and (ii) Tenant provides Landlord with reasonable evidence demonstrating that the   assignee Tenant Entity meets the Financial Prerequisite at the time of the proposed assignment.      13. Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment. Tenant agrees that this Lease is   and shall be and remain subordinate to the interests of any holder (a  Mortgagee ) of any present   or future mortgage, deed of trust, ground lease or master lease upon all or any part of the Premises   (each, a  Superior Instrument ), irrespective of the time of execution or time of recording of any   such Superior Instrument, and to all renewals, extensions thereof, modifications or amendments   thereto or advances thereunder, as applicable. Upon the request of Landlord or any Mortgagee,   Tenant shall enter into an attornment agreement with such Mortgagee in the customary form   reasonably required by such Mortgagee. Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Tenant s subordination   to any Superior Instrument shall not be effective until such time as  Tenant and the Mortgagee   shall have entered in a Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement in the form of   EXHIBIT C annexed hereto and made a part hereof or in another reasonable and customary form   (an  SNDA ). Notwithstanding the foregoing or  anything to the contrary contained herein, at the   request in writing of any Mortgagee, this Lease shall be deemed superior to its Superior Instrument,   whether this Lease was executed before or after such Superior Instrument, and Tenant shall execute   such documents in recordable form as the Mortgagee shall request. Notwithstanding the foregoing,   on the Commencement Date, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant an SNDA executed by any   Mortgagee at the time thereof.      14. Default.      (a) Default/Remedies. If (a) default be made in the payment of Base Rent or   any additional rent payable hereunder by Tenant, and such default shall continue  for ten (10) days   after written notice of default is delivered to Tenant in accordance with Section 17, or (b) default   be made in any of the other covenants or conditions herein contained on the part of Tenant and   such default shall continue for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof shall have been given   to Tenant in accordance with Section 17 (except that such thirty (30) day period shall be   automatically extended for such additional period of time as is reasonably necessary to cure such   default if such default cannot be cured within such first 30 day period and provided Tenant   commences the process of curing such default within said first 30 day period and continuously and   diligently pursues such cure to completion), or (c) except as otherwise permitted by this Lease, a   Transfer is made without the prior written consent of Landlord, or (d) Tenant shall become   insolvent or bankrupt or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (e) a receiver or trustee   of Tenant s or guarantor s property shall be appointed  and such receiver or trustee,   as      

23    the case may be, shall not be discharged within 90 days after such appointment, or (f) Tenant shall   be dissolved or liquidated or proceedings shall have been commenced to dissolve or liquidate, or   (g) Tenant shall abandon the Premises and cease to pay rent, or (h) any of the insurance required   to be maintained under Section 9 shall not be in force and effect, the occurrence of any such event   in the forgoing clauses (a) through (h) being an  ,  then, in any such case, Landlord may, upon ten   (10) days prior notice to Tenant, terminate Tenant s tenancy and recover possession of and reenter   the Premises without accepting a surrender of the Premises or affecting Tenant s liability for past   rent and other charges due or future rent and other charges to accrue hereunder. In the event of   any such default, Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant, in addition to rent and   additional rent, all other damages sustained by Landlord proximately caused by the breach of this   Lease, including, but not limited to, the costs, expenses and reasonable attorney fees incurred by   Landlord in enforcing the terms and provisions hereof and in reentering and recovering possession   of the Premises and for the cost of repairs, alterations and brokerage and reasonable attorney fees   connected with the reletting of the Premises. As an alternative, at the election of Landlord,   Landlord shall have the right to accept a surrender of the Premises (without the need for any   affirmative act or acquiescence by Tenant), without any further rights or obligations on the part of   Landlord or Tenant (other than Tenant s obligation for rent and other charges due and owing   through the date of acceptance of surrender), so that Landlord may relet the Premises without any   right on the part of Tenant to any credit or payment resulting from any reletting of the Premises.   Alternatively, at the option of  the Landlord, in the event Tenant s tenancy is so terminated,   Landlord may recover forthwith against Tenant as damages for loss of the bargain and not as a   penalty an aggregate sum, which at the time of such termination of Tenant s tenancy, represents   the amount of the excess, if any, of the value of the whole balance of Base Rent, charges and all   other sums payable hereunder for the entire balance of the term of this Lease herein reserved or   agreed to be paid by Tenant, over the then current fair market rental value of the Premises, such   difference to be discounted to present value at a rate equal to two (2) points above the Federal   Reserve Bank s discount rate then in effect. In case of a default under this Lease, Landlord may,   in addition to terminating Tenant s tenancy and/or accepting a surrender, or in lieu thereof, pursue   such other legal or equitable remedy or combination of remedies and recover such other damages   for breach of tenancy and/or contract as available at law or otherwise. All of the remedies available   to Landlord under this Lease shall be cumulative and may be exercised by Landlord in any order   or combination that Landlord shall require.      (b) Landlord s Right to Cure. All covenants and agreements to be performed   by the Tenant under any of the terms of this Lease shall be performed by Tenant at Tenant s sole   cost and expense and without any abatement of rent. If the Tenant shall fail to pay any sum of   money required to be paid by it hereunder, other than rent, or shall fail to perform any other act   on its part to be performed hereunder, and such failure shall continue for 30 days after notice   thereof by the Landlord, the Landlord may, but shall not be obligated to, cure such default, without   waiving or releasing the Tenant from any other default by Tenant under this Lease. All sums so   paid by the Landlord and all necessary incidental costs (including reasonable attorney s fees)   incurred by Landlord in enforcing any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Lease, or   curing any default or in suing for or obtaining relief by reason of a breach thereof, together with   interest on all of the foregoing at the rate set forth below from the date of payment or incurring by   the Landlord, shall be payable as additional rent to the Landlord on demand. Landlord shall have,   in addition to any other right or remedy of the Landlord, the same rights and      

24    remedies in the event of the nonpayment thereof by the Tenant as in the case of default by the   Tenant in the payment of rent.      (c) Waivers. A waiver by Landlord or by Tenant of a breach or default by the   other party under the terms and conditions of this Lease shall not be construed to be a waiver of   any subsequent breach or default nor of any other term or condition of this Lease, and the failure   of the non-defaulting party to assert any breach or to declare a default by the defaulting party shall   not be construed to constitute a waiver thereof so long as such breach or default continues   unremedied. No breach of a covenant or condition of this Lease shall be deemed to have been   waived by Landlord and/or Tenant, unless such waiver be in writing signed by the waiving party.      (d) Landlord s Default. Landlord shall not be deemed to be in default hereunder   unless such default shall remain uncured for more than thirty (30) days following written notice   from Tenant specifying the nature of such default, or such longer period as may be reasonably   required to correct such default. In no event whatsoever shall Landlord be liable hereunder for any   consequential, special punitive or any indirect damages notwithstanding anything to the contrary   set forth in this Lease. In the event Landlord defaults under the terms of this Lease Tenant may,   subject to the express terms of this Lease, exercise any right or remedy available to Tenant at law   or in equity on account thereof.      (e) Limit on Tenant Liability. In no event shall Tenant be liable for any indirect   or consequential damages of Landlord or any other party as a result of any event of default   hereunder or for any other action or inaction of the Tenant in connection with this Lease. In no   event shall the members, managers, officers, directors, agents, partners, principals, employees   and/or shareholders of Tenant have any liability whatsoever for any damages and/or liability under   this Lease and the Landlord will look solely to the Tenant for the recovery of any damages or   otherwise under any terms, covenants or conditions contained in this Lease.  Landlord hereby   waives any statutory or common law lien or right of distraint against any and all of Tenant s   customer files and business records.      15. Costs and Attorney Fees. Should either party hereto commence any legal action   (excepting any Arbitration, as defined herein) against the other to enforce any obligation under   this Lease, the prevailing party (as determined in such action) shall be entitled to recover from the   non-prevailing party reasonable attorneys  fees, costs and expenses incurred in contesting such   dispute.      16. Interest. Any amount due from Landlord or Tenant to the other hereunder which is   not paid when due, or with respect to any other amount for which this Lease specifically calls for   the payment of interest, shall bear interest at an annual rate equal to 4% per annum in excess of   the prime rate of interest published from time to time in the Wall Street Journal-Eastern Edition   (but in no event shall such rate of interest exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted to be   charged by law) from the date due until paid, compounded monthly, but the payment of such   interest shall not excuse or cure any default by Landlord or Tenant under this Lease.      17.       

25    18. Notices. All notices and demands by any party to any other shall  be  given  in  writing   and either personally served or sent by  a  nationally  recognized  overnight  courier,  requiring proof   of delivery, or by United States certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,  and addressed    as follows:         To Landlord:      c/o Calare Properties, Inc.   43 Broad Street   Hudson, MA 01749   Attn:  _   E-mail:--------   with a copy  to:                           To Tenant:                  with a copy to:   Brown Rudnick LLP   One Financial Center   Boston, MA 02111   Attention:   Nathaniel H.   Amendola, Esq.       Thomas J. Phillips, Esq.   Telephone:  (617)  856-8574  (Amendola);   (617)   856-8383  (Phillips)   Email:  namendola@brownrudnick.com;   tphillps@brownrudnick.com      MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc.   I 00 Chelmsford Street   Lowell, MA O1851   Attention: Wayne Goddard, Director of Facilities   Telephone: (978) 656-2993   Email: Wayne.Goddard@macom.com      MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc.   I 00 Chelmsford Street   Lowell, MA O1851   Attention: J. Rame, Sr. Corporate Attorney   Telephone: (978) 656-2656   Email: james.rame@macom.com      ScarinciHollenbeck   1100 Valley Brook Avenue   Lyndhurst, NJ 07071      

26      A   t   t   ention: Victor E. Kinon, Esq.   Telephone: (201) 896-4100   Email:  vkinon@sh-law.com      Any party may, upon prior notice to the others, specify a different address for the giving   of notice. Notices shall be effective on the date of personal service or one day after sending if sent   by overnight courier or two (2) Business Days after sending if sent by certified mail, return receipt   requested. As used herein,  Business Day  shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or   holiday recognized by banks in Massachusetts. Either party (a  receiving party ) may herein, or   by notice to the other party (a  sending  party ), request that  courtesy copies  of   any      

27    notice given by the sending party to the receiving party ( courtesy copies ) also be sent to the   receiving party by email at the email addresses provided for herein (or at a future email address   as shall be designated by notice given in accordance in accordance with this Section 17). In the   event of such a request, the sending party shall endeavor to send courtesy copies as so requested;   provided, however, that under no circumstances hereunder shall any notice be deemed ineffective,   nor shall the sending party have any liability to the receiving party, on account of the sending   party s failure to send (for whatever reason) or the receiving party s failure to receive (for whatever   reason), any courtesy copies, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein. Notice   by telephone shall not suffice as a means for giving notice hereunder, the provision of any   telephone numbers hereinabove being for the parties  convenience only.      19. Termination. Upon the termination of this Lease, by expiration or otherwise,   Tenant shall surrender the Premises, including without limitation (i) all Improvements located   therein (except as otherwise expressly provided in clause (ii) below) and (ii) all Alterations made   thereto and Permanent Fixtures installed therein (except for any Business Installations removed   in accordance with Section 8(b)), to Landlord in vacant condition, free from all tenants and   occupants, broom clean, free of all trash and debris and otherwise in the same good order,   condition and repair in which Tenant is obligated to keep, repair, and maintain the Premises   throughout the term, excepting only ordinary wear and tear and damage from casualty or   condemnation that Tenant is not responsible for the repair or restoration of to the extent (if any)   expressly provided hereunder. All moveable furnishings, trade fixtures and other equipment and   personal property owned by Tenant, whether or not attached to the Improvements, shall be   removed from the Premises by Tenant, at Tenant s sole expense, by no later than the date of   termination, and Tenant shall repair any and all damage caused by such removal. In the event   Tenant fails so to remove any thereof or fails to repair any such damage to the Premises or the   Property, or in the event that Tenant fails to perform any restoration or removal as may be required   under clause (B) of Section 8(a) above, Landlord may do so and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord   for the cost of such restoration, removal and repair upon demand. In any event, any trade fixtures,   equipment, furniture and other personal property of Tenant which remain in the Premises   following the expiration or earlier termination of the term, at the Landlord s option, shall be   deemed abandoned by Tenant and may thereafter be removed and stored at the cost of the Tenant   or retained as the property of the Landlord or sold or otherwise disposed of by the Landlord, in   any such case without any liability to or recourse by the Tenant or anyone claiming by, through   or under the Tenant.      20. Quiet Enjoyment. So long as Tenant shall duly and punctually perform and observe   all of its obligations under this Lease, Tenant shall peaceably and quietly enjoy the Premises free   from hindrance by Landlord or any party claiming by, through or under Landlord, subject,   however, to zoning laws and ordinances, all matters set forth in EXHIBIT D attached hereto (the    Permitted Encumbrances ), the REA (as defined herein) and any Project Documents (as defined   herein).      21. Holding Over. If Tenant remains in the Premises beyond  the expiration of the term   of this Lease or the earlier termination thereof (as the case may be,  Lease Termination ), such   holding over shall not be deemed to create any tenancy at will, but Tenant shall be a tenant at   sufferance only, subject to all of Tenant s obligations set forth herein except that Base Rent shall   be payable for Tenant s use and occupancy at a daily rate as follows: (i) for      first 60 days      

28    following Lease Termination, one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Base Rent otherwise   provided for herein; (ii) for the 61st day through the 120th day following Lease Termination, one   hundred seventy five percent (175%) of the Base Rent otherwise provided for herein; and (iii) from   and after the 121st day following Lease Termination, two hundred percent (200%) of the Base   Rent otherwise provided for herein. The acceptance of a purported rent check following   termination shall not constitute the creation of a tenancy at will, it being agreed that Tenant s status   shall remain that of a tenant at sufferance, at the aforesaid daily rate. Any reference in this Lease   to Tenant s obligations continuing during the period of any holdover shall not be deemed to grant   Tenant the right to a holdover or imply Landlord s consent to any such holdover. In addition,   should Tenant remain in the Premises as a holdover Tenant in excess of sixty (60) days beyond   Lease Termination, Tenant shall indemnify Landlord for, from, and against all costs, claims,   liabilities and damages arising from or in any manner related to any such holdover including,   without limitation, damages payable to the subsequent tenant or related to the loss of a tenant,   notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth elsewhere in this Lease.      22. Right of Entry. Landlord shall at all times, upon not less than 24 hours advance   notice (except in the case of emergencies) and with due regard for Tenant s reasonable security   concerns, have the right during Tenant s regular business hours to re-enter the Premises to  inspect   the same, to supply any service to be provided by Landlord to Tenant hereunder, to show the   Premises to prospective purchasers, investors, Mortgagees or (during the last two (2) years of the   term) tenants and to post notices of non-responsibility provided that (i) such entry does not   interfere with Tenant s business operations in the Premises, (ii) no repair, alterations or   improvements shall reduce the size of the Premises other than in a de minimis fashion, and (iii)   Landlord shall be responsible for any injury or damage occasioned to the Premises during such   entry due to Landlord s and/or Landlord s employees, agents and/or contractors negligence or   willful misconduct.      23. Estoppel Certificates. Landlord and Tenant each agree that at any time and from   time to time upon not less than fifteen (15) days prior request of the other party, the party of whom   the request is made shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the requesting party a statement in   writing certifying (a) that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have   been modifications, specifying the same), (b) the dates to which the rent and other charges have   been paid, (c) that to the knowledge of the party supplying the certificate the other party is not in   default under any provisions to this Lease (or if such party knows of any such default, specifying   the same) and (d) such other matters as the requesting party or such party s mortgagee shall   reasonably request; it being intended that any such statement may conclusively be relied upon by   Landlord (if requested by Landlord), Tenant (if requested by Tenant), any person proposing to   acquire Tenant s or Landlord s interest in this Lease or any prospective mortgagee of or assignee   of any mortgage upon Landlord s interest, as applicable. Any such certification shall be deemed to   have been given for good and valuable consideration whether so stated or not.      24. Non-Liability of Landlord. Except to the extent occasioned by the negligence or   willful misconduct of Landlord and/or Landlord s employees, agents, owners, contractors,   managers, directors and/or licensees (each, a  Landlord Party ), but in all such cases subject to the   provisions of Section 9(f), Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant, and Tenant hereby waives all   claims against Landlord, for any injury or damage to any person    or property  in or about the      

29    Premises resulting from the Premises, or any part thereof or any equipment thereof, becoming out   of repair; flooding of basements or other areas; damages caused by sprinkling devices, air   conditioning apparatus, snow, frost, water leakage, steam, excessive heat or cold, falling plaster,   broken glass, sewage, gas, odors or noise or the bursting or leaking of pipes or  plumbing fixtures;   any act or neglect of other tenants or occupants or employees in the Premises; or any other thing   or circumstance whatsoever concerning the Premises, whether of a like nature or of a wholly   different nature, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. All  property  in or about the   Premises belonging to Tenant, its agents, employees or invitees shall be there at the  risk of Tenant   or other person only, and Landlord shall not be liable for damage thereto or theft, misappropriation   or loss thereof unless caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord (but in all cases   subject to the provisions of Section 9(f)). If Landlord shall fail to perform any covenant or   condition of this Lease upon Landlord s part to be performed and, as a consequence of such default,   Tenant shall recover a money judgment against Landlord, then such judgment shall be satisfied   only out of the right, title and interest of Landlord in the Premises and out of rents or other income,   insurance proceeds, condemnation proceeds, financing or refinancing and/or sale proceeds from   the Premises receivable by Landlord and Landlord shall not be personally liable for any deficiency.   In no event shall the members, managers, officers, directors, agents, partners, principals,   employees and/or shareholders of Landlord have any liability whatsoever for any damages and/or   liability under this Lease and, subject to all limitations on Landlord s liability contained herein,   Tenant will look solely to Landlord for the recovery of any damages or otherwise under any terms,   covenants or conditions contained in this Lease.      25. Transfer by Landlord. In the event of a sale or conveyance by Landlord of the   Premises, the same shall operate to release Landlord from any future liability upon any of the   covenants or conditions herein contained which accrue after the date of transfer, and  in such event   Tenant agrees to look solely to the successor in interest of Landlord in and to this Lease, provided,   further, that the transferee expressly agrees in writing to assume the Landlord s obligations under   this Lease. This Lease shall not be affected by any such sale or conveyance, and Tenant agrees to   attorn to the successor in interest of Landlord in and to this Lease, which successor in interest shall   be obligated on this Lease only so long as it is the owner of Landlord s interest in and to this Lease.   The provisions of the first sentence of this Section 24 shall be of no force and effect, however,   with respect to any sale or conveyance by Landlord in violation of Section IX of APPENDIX  1.      26. No Liens. Except as expressly permitted elsewhere in this Lease without in each   instance the prior written consent of Landlord, Tenant shall not directly or indirectly create or   permit to be created or to remain, and will immediately discharge, any lien, encumbrance, or   charge on, or pledge of, the Premises, or any part thereof, the interest of Tenant hereunder or   therein, or the rent or other payments hereunder, other than: (a) this Lease; (b) any assignment,   pledge, lien, encumbrance, charge, conditional sale, or title retention agreement affecting the   Premises, resulting solely from (i) any action by Landlord or (ii) any liability or obligation of   Landlord which Tenant is not obligated by this Lease to assume; (c) liens for Taxes not yet payable;   or (d) liens of mechanics, materialmen, suppliers, or vendors, or rights thereto, incurred in the   ordinary course of business for sums which under the terms of the related contracts are not yet due,   provided that such reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as may be required by generally   accepted accounting principles shall have been made therefor and/or (d) a Leasehold      

30    Mortgage (as defined in, and to the extent permitted under, EXHIBIT F). In amplification and not   in limitation of the foregoing, Tenant shall not knowingly permit any portion of the Premises to   be used by any person or persons or by the public, as such, at any time or times during the  term   of this Lease, in such manner as might tend to impair the title or interest of Landlord in the   Premises, or any portion thereof, or in such manner as might make possible a claim or claims of   adverse use, adverse possession, prescription, dedication, or other similar claims of,  in, to, or with   respect to the Premises, or any part thereof.      27. Net Lease. This Lease is intended to be and shall be an absolute  net, net, net  lease,   and the rent and all other sums payable hereunder by Tenant (all of which shall be deemed to be   additional rent) shall be paid without notice or demand and without set-off, counterclaim,   abatement, suspension, deduction, or defense except to the extent (if any) otherwise expressly set   forth in this Lease. As more particularly set forth herein, Tenant shall pay all Taxes, insurance   premiums, maintenance, repair and replacement costs and expenses, utility  charges  and expenses,   and all other costs and expenses, of whatever nature, relating in any way to the Premises and/or   the operation thereof during the term of this Lease except as otherwise expressly provided in this   Lease. In addition, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect and the obligations of Tenant   hereunder shall not be released, discharged, diminished, or otherwise affected by reason of any   damage to or destruction of the Premises, or any part or parts thereof; any partial taking; any   restriction on or prevention of or interference with any use of  the Premises, or any part or parts   thereof, except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth in this Lease.      28. Environmental Covenants. Tenant shall not produce, use, store, or dispose of any   toxic or hazardous chemicals, wastes, materials or substances, or any pollutants or contaminants,   as those terms are defined in any applicable federal, state, local or other governmental law, statute,   ordinance, code, rule or regulation ( Hazardous Substances ) at, in, on, under or from the Premises,   except to the extent that such Hazardous Substances are used in or generated in the ordinary course   of operating and maintaining Tenant s business on the Premises and are  produced, stored, used, or   disposed of in accordance with all such laws, statutes, ordinances, codes, permits, rules and   regulations which are applicable to the Premises or the Tenant ( Environmental Regulations ) and   except that certain non-friable asbestos in good condition or asbestos which has been encapsulated   in accordance with applicable Environmental Regulations may remain on the Premises. Tenant   shall not allow any Hazardous Substance to be emitted, discharged, released, spilled or deposited   from, in or on the Premises during the term of this Lease as a result of the act or omission of Tenant   or any Tenant Responsible Party. In addition, Tenant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to   not allow any Hazardous Substance to be emitted, discharged, released, spilled or deposited from,   in or on the Premises during the term of this Lease as a result of the act or omission of any parties   other than Tenant or a Tenant Responsible Party. In the event of a release of Hazardous Substances   during the term of this Lease (other than as allowed by Environmental Regulations), Tenant shall   upon becoming aware of the same (a) report such release to the applicable governmental authority   in accordance with applicable Environmental Regulations, and to Landlord within five (5) business   days, (b) remove and remediate such release as required by Environmental Regulations and (c)   promptly provide Landlord with any reports or other documentation related to its response to any   such release, except that to the extent that any such release is caused by the negligence or willful   act of a Landlord  Party then Tenant s only obligation  under this sentence is to notify  Landlord     thereof      

31    under clause (a). If at any time Tenant receives a notice of violation, order, information request or   demand from an agency with jurisdiction over the Premises (as the case may be, an  NOV ),   Tenant shall notify Landlord within thirty (30) days of receipt that such NOV has been received   and Tenant shall respond to the NOV within the time period required by Environmental   Regulations. During the term of this Lease, Tenant shall obtain and maintain, or register under, as   applicable, all licenses and permits required by any Environmental Regulation. Tenant shall, in   accordance with Environmental Regulations, maintain all safety data sheets with respect to   Hazardous Substances stored or used by Tenant, and upon request by Landlord, Tenant shall   promptly provide a copy of such safety data sheets to Landlord. Landlord upon at least twenty    four (24) hours prior written notice to Tenant shall have the right to enter the Premises to inspect   the same for compliance with the provisions of this Section 27. Tenant agrees to indemnify   Landlord against, and to hold Landlord harmless from, any and all claims, demands, judgments,   fines, penalties, costs, damages and expenses, including court costs and reasonable  attorneys, fees   in any suit, action administrative proceeding or negotiations resulting therefrom, and including   costs of investigation, remediation, clean-up and/or monitoring of the Premises and the   environment ( Environmental Claims ), resulting from (i) the presence or release of any   Hazardous Substances at the Premises that first occurs prior to the term of this Lease and resulted   from the acts or omissions of Tenant or any Tenant Responsible Party (as the case may be,  Tenant   Entities ), except for the cost of performing any Landlord s Remedial Work (as defined in   APPENDIX 1), which cost is governed by APPENDIX 1), or (ii) the presence or release of any   Hazardous Substances at the Premises that first occurs during the term of this Lease (including   any holdover period) except to the extent caused by the negligence or willful act of a Landlord   Party, in either case (i) or (ii) regardless of whether or not the release or presence of such   Hazardous Substances is a result of a violation by Tenant or any Tenant Entities of this Section   27 or of any Environmental Regulation, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Tenant   and any Tenant Entities from any Environmental Claims to the extent resulting from the   negligence or willful act of Landlord and/or its agents, employees, contractors, vendors, and   invitees including but not limited to any exacerbation of any existing conditions caused by the   negligence or willful act of Landlord and/or its employees, contractors, vendors and invitees (as   the case may be,  Landlord Entities ). The parties acknowledge that Tenant or one or more Tenant   Responsible Parties have been in possession or control of the Leased Parcel prior to Effective Date   and that under no circumstances whatsoever shall Landlord have any liability to Tenant on account   of any condition existing on or about the Leased Parcel on the Effective Date or otherwise existing   due to the act or omission of Tenant or any Tenant Responsible Parties. As used herein,  Tenant   Responsible Party  shall mean, with respect to Tenant, any present or former officer, director,   stockholder, member, manager, partner, affiliate, parent or subsidiary (whether direct or indirect),   agent, employee, contractor, vendor, invitee, subtenant, licensee or other party for whose conduct   Tenant may be legally responsible. Tenant s and Landlord s obligations and liabilities under this   Section 27 shall survive the termination of this Lease.      29. Representations.      (a) Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant as of the Effective    Date that   (i) Landlord has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Lease and to comply with all   the provisions of this Lease, (ii) the performance by Landlord of Landlord s duties and obligations    under  this  Lease  and  of  all  other  acts  necessary  and  appropriate  for  the    full      

30    consummation of the lease of the Leased Parcel under this Lease are consistent with and not in   violation of, and will not create any adverse condition under, any contract, agreement or other   instrument to which Landlord is a party, or any judicial order or judgment of any nature by  which   Landlord is bound, (iii) there is no action, suit or proceeding pending or, to Landlord s actual   knowledge, threatened by or against or affecting Landlord which does or will involve or affect the   Leased Parcel or Landlord s title thereto, or Landlord s ability to perform its  obligations under this   Lease or any documents entered into pursuant to this Lease and (iv) Landlord has the power and   authority to comply with all of its obligations under this Lease insofar as the same expressly pertain   to the I 00 Chelmsford Parcel.      (b) Tenant represents and warrants to Tenant as of the Effective Date that (i)   Tenant has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Lease and to comply with all the   provisions of this Lease, (ii) the performance by Tenant of Tenant s duties and obligations under   this Lease and of all other acts necessary and appropriate for the full consummation of the lease   of the Leased Parcel under this Lease are consistent with and not in violation of, and will not create   any adverse condition under, any contract, agreement or other instrument to which Tenant is a   party, or any judicial order or judgement of any nature by which Tenant is bound, (iii) there  is no   action, suit or proceeding pending or, to Tenant s actual knowledge, threatened by or  against or   affecting Tenant which does or will involve or affect the Leased Parcel or Tenant s interests under   this Lease, or Tenant s ability to perform its obligation under this Lease or any documents entered   into pursuant to this Lease and (iv) Tenant has the power and authority to comply with all of its   obligations  under this Lease insofar as the same expressly  pertain to the    I 00 Chelmsford Parcel.      30. Execution. The submission of this document for examination does not constitute   an offer to lease, or a reservation of, or option for, the Premises and this document becomes   effective and binding only upon the execution and delivery hereof by both Landlord and Tenant.   Tenant confirms that Landlord has made no representations or promises with respect to the   Premises or the making or entry into of this Lease except as are expressly set forth herein, and   agrees that no claim or liability shall be asserted by Tenant against Landlord for, and Landlord   shall not be liable by reason of breach of any representations or promises not expressly stated in   this Lease. This Lease can be modified or altered only by agreement in  writing  between Landlord   and Tenant.      31. Binding Effect. The covenants, agreements and obligations herein contained,   except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall extend to, bind and inure to the benefit of   the parties here to and their respective personal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns of   Tenant (but in the case of assigns only to the extent that assignment is permitted hereunder). No   third party, other than such successors and assigns, shall be entitled to enforce any or all of the   terms of this Lease or shall have rights hereunder whatsoever.      32. Signs. Tenant may, at its sole cost and expense and without the necessity of   obtaining the consent of Landlord, prepare, install, affix or use any signs or other advertising or   identifying media on or about the exterior of the Premises identifying any occupants of the   Premises or their respective businesses, provided that in no event shall such signage adversely   affect the structural integrity of the Improvements, and provided further, that Tenant  shall comply   with any and all governmental  laws, regulations, ordinances and rules and all   recorded      

31    restrictions and covenants. Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all claims,   losses, liabilities, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) resulting from the   installation of any signs or other advertising or identifying media pursuant to this Section 31. Upon   the termination of this Lease, by expiration or otherwise, Tenant shall remove any and all signs or   other advertising or identifying media installed by Tenant and Tenant shall repair any damage as   a result of such removal.      33. Interpretation. The laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts shall govern the   validity, performance and enforcement of this Lease. The invalidity or unenforceability of any   provision of this Lease shall not affect or impair any other provision. Whenever the singular   number is used, the same shall include the plural, and the masculine gender shall include the   feminine and neuter genders. The captions appearing in this Lease are inserted only as a matter of   convenience and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of such sections   or paragraphs of this Lease nor in any way affect this Lease.      34. Force Majeure. In the event that Landlord or Tenant shall be delayed or hindered   in or prevented from the performance of any act required hereunder by reason of strikes, lockouts,   labor troubles, inability to procure materials, failure of power, restrictive governmental laws,   regulations, orders or decrees, riots, insurrection, war, acts of God, inclement weather, or other   reason beyond such party s reasonable control, then performance of such act shall be excused for   the period of the delay and the period for the performance of any such act shall be extended for a   period equivalent to the period of such delay; provided that nothing contained in this Section 33   shall excuse, delay or otherwise apply to the Tenant s obligation to pay rent or perform any other   monetary obligation hereunder or to any deadline set forth herein for a party to give the other party   any notice expressly provided for herein.      35. Corporate Authority. If Tenant is a corporation, each individual executing this   Lease on behalf of said corporation represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized to   execute and deliver this Lease on behalf of said corporation, in accordance with a duly adopted   resolution of the board of directors of said corporation, and that this Lease is binding upon said   corporation in accordance with its terms.      36. Landlord s Work/Other Documents.      (a) Landlord s Work.      (i) In connection with Landlord s Work (including without limitation   the planning and permitting thereof), Tenant acknowledges that it may become necessary for   Landlord to (I) adjust the exact location of the lot line separating the 100 Chelmsford Parcel and   the Leased Parcel and/or the relative size of the 100 Chelmsford Parcel and the Leased Parcel,   which adjustments, if any, must be made prior to Final Approval (as defined in APPENDIX  1),   (II) increase, decrease or change certain site improvements or common facilities  presently located   on the Landlord s Parcel, (III) agree to certain conditions imposed by governmental authorities   that will affect the Landlord s Parcel, (IV) grant or secure easements and/or other agreements with   one or more third parties that will affect the Landlord s Parcel or (V) modify the REA or other   Permitted Encumbrances in a manner that will affect the Landlord s Parcel (all of the foregoing   being  Project Requirements ), such Project Requirements to be governed by   one      

32    or more documents effecting the same ( Project Documents ). Landlord reserves the right to   implement any Project Requirements and to enter into any Project Documents and deem the  same   to be Permitted Encumbrances, subject to Tenant s approval not to be unreasonably withheld   conditioned or delayed, and Tenant agrees to execute any reasonable modifications of this Lease   which may be required from time to time in order to effect any of the same; provided, however,   that (x) no such Project Requirements or Project Documents shall alter the term of this Lease   provided herein, increase the rent provided herein, reduce the economic value to Tenant hereof,   change in any manner any of the relative rights or obligations or Tenant or Landlord hereunder, or   require Tenant to incur any out-of-pocket cost or adversely affect or increase the cost of Tenant s   business operations at the Building and/or the Premises and (y) all such Project Requirements or   Project Documents shall be authorized or required to be implemented pursuant to the terms of this   Lease. Any dispute under the provisions of this subsection 35(a)(i) shall be resolved exclusively   by Arbitration.      (ii) For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that under no   circumstances (x) shall Landlord have any liability to Tenant under this Lease on account of   Landlord s acts or omissions in violation of any of its obligations under the 100 Chelmsford Lease   or (y) shall Tenant have any liability to Landlord under this Lease on account of Tenant s acts or   omissions in violation of any of its obligations under the 100 Chelmsford Lease.      (b) Other Documents.      (i) Reference is made to a certain Reciprocal Easement Agreement of   even date herewith being entered into and recorded with the Middlesex North Registry of Deeds   and filed with the Middlesex Registry District of the Land Court concurrently with the execution   and delivery of this Lease (the  REA ). Capitalized terms used in this Section 35(b) and not   specifically defined in this Lease shall have the respective meanings assigned to them under the   REA. Tenant is hereby designated as the Major Tenant of the 144 Property. Subject to all of the   terms and conditions set forth in this Lease and in the REA, Tenant shall have the following rights   during the Term of this Lease (which rights shall be deemed included in the Ancillary Rights):   A. all easements granted to the 144 Owner under the REA, in   common with the 144 Owner and others now or hereafter   entitled thereto in accordance with the terms of the REA;      B. all rights reserved by the 144 Owner on the 144 Property in   connection with the 144 Owner s granting to others of   easements in the 144 Property pursuant to the REA, m   common with the 144 Owner; and      C. all rights and easements of the 144 Tenant under the REA,   including the right to seek a Response Request from the 100   Owner and the Major Tenant of the 100 Property under   Section I.D.(ii) with respect to the 144 Tenant s pursuit of   any Alternative Site Improvements.      

33    (ii) During the term of this Lease, Tenant shall, on Landlord s behalf,   pay, perform and observe in a timely manner all of the obligations of Landlord under the REA,   any Permitted Encumbrances or any Project Documents (each, an  Other Document ) insofar as   they pertain to Tenant s (a) use or occupancy of the Premises, (b) exercise or enjoyment of any  of   Tenant s rights under this Lease, or (c) compliance with any of Tenant s obligations under this   Lease (collectively,  Lease Matters  provided that such Lease Matters shall in no event be   deemed to include (x) any obligation of Landlord under any Other Document that is an  obligation   of Landlord to Tenant as expressly set forth in this Lease or (y) any liability to the extent caused   by the negligence or willful act of Landlord. Tenant shall, from time to time upon the reasonable   request by Landlord, provide reasonable evidence of Tenant s compliance with the terms of the   preceding sentence (with respect to any specific obligations of Tenant thereunder). In any event,   Tenant shall not cause, suffer or permit any act or omission on or about the Premises or otherwise   in connection with any Lease Matters that would cause Landlord to be in violation (a  Violation )   of any of the Other Documents.      (iii) Landlord shall (A) perform and observe all of the terms, covenants,   provisions and conditions of any Other Documents on Landlord s part to be performed and   observed pursuant to the terms thereof, except for such obligations as are Tenant s responsibility   as set forth above, and (B) enforce the obligations of the other parties to any of the Other   Documents (an  Other Party ), in each case to the extent necessary for Landlord to comply with   Landlord s obligations to Tenant under this Lease. In no event whatsoever shall either party hereto   have any liability to the other on account of (x) any Other Party s failure to keep, observe or   perform its obligations pursuant to the Other Document or (y) the acts or omissions of any Other   Party, its agents, employees, invitees, guests, licenses or contractors.      (iv) In any case where Tenant shall request Landlord s consent,   permission or approval for any matter requiring Landlord s consent, permission or approval as  set   forth in this Lease (a  Consent Request ) then, to the extent that such matter shall also require the   consent, permission or approval of an Other Owner, other than a Landlord Affiliate, under an   Other Document (an  Other Owner Consent ), Landlord shall have no obligation to act upon the   Consent Request unless and until such time as the Other Owner Consent shall have been given.   Upon Landlord s reasonable determination that the Consent Request is complete and in proper   form for consideration under both this Lease and the Other Document, Landlord shall request the   Other Owner Consent in accordance with the Other Document and thereafter use commercially   reasonable efforts in accordance with the Other Document to obtain the Other Owner Consent.   Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, any  Consent Request   to Landlord shall also be deemed to have been made to any Landlord Affiliate that is an Other   Owner. As used herein,  Landlord Affiliate  shall mean Landlord and/or a party that controls, is   controlled by, or is under common control with Landlord.      (v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above in this   Section 35(b), Landlord may by notice to Tenant require, in lieu of Landlord s taking any direct   action with respect to any Other Party or Other Document as set forth above in this Section 35(b),   that Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense (except to the extent that the action is required as a   result of Landlord s failure to have performed an obligation of Landlord under this Lease), take   such action on Landlord s behalf and in its name and, for purposes thereof, Tenant shall be deemed   subrogated to Landlord s rights under the Other Document to take   such action.      

34    In taking any such action, Tenant shall have the right, but not the obligation, to exercise any or all   rights and remedies as would be available to Landlord, at law or in equity, were Landlord to take   the action directly. Landlord agrees to sign, to the extent Landlord s signature is legally required   or required under the provisions of the Other Document, such demands, pleadings, and/or other   documents that may be reasonably required, and otherwise to enable Tenant to proceed as set forth   above in this subsection (v). In the event Landlord exercises its rights under this subsection (v),   Tenant shall provide Landlord with copies of all written notices, demands, communications and   correspondence of a material nature sent or received by Tenant in connection therewith,   simultaneously with their sending by Tenant or promptly  upon  their receipt by Tenant.      36. Miscellaneous.      (a) Consent not a Waiver. The consent or approval by Landlord to or of any act   by Tenant requiring Landlord s consent or approval shall not be deemed to render unnecessary   Landlord s consent or approval to or of any subsequent similar act by Tenant.      (b) Entire Agreement. This Lease and the exhibits and rider, if any, attached   hereto and forming a part hereof, set forth all the covenants, promises, agreements, conditions and   understandings between Landlord and Tenant concerning the Premises and there are no covenants,   promises, agreements, conditions or understandings, either oral or written, between them other   than are herein set forth. No alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Lease shall be   binding upon Landlord or Tenant unless reduced to writing and signed by each party. The   invalidity of one or more phrases, clauses, sentences, Sections contained in this Lease shall not   affect the remaining portions of this Lease or any part thereof, and if any one or more of the   phrases, clauses, sentences, Sections contained in this Lease should be declared invalid by the final   order, decree or judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, including all appeals therefrom,   this Lease shall be construed as if such invalid phrases, clauses, sentences, Sections or had not   been inserted in this Lease.      (c) Independent Covenants. Tenant waives all rights to (i) any abatement,   suspension, deferment, reduction or deduction of or from rent, and/or (ii) quit, terminate or   surrender this Lease or the Premises or any part thereof, except, in either case, as expressly   provided herein. Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the obligations of Tenant  hereunder   shall be separate and independent covenants and agreements, that rent shall continue  to be payable   in all events and that the obligations of Tenant hereunder shall continue unaffected, unless the   requirement to pay or perform the same shall have been terminated pursuant to an express   provision of this Lease. Tenant agrees that Tenant shall not take any action to terminate, to rescind   or to avoid this Lease notwithstanding any default by Landlord hereunder except as a consequence   of Landlord s breach of its obligations under the first sentence of Section 19 or except to the extent   (if any) expressly set forth herein. Landlord and Tenant each acknowledges and agrees that the   independent nature of the obligations of Tenant and Landlord hereunder represents fair, reasonable   and accepted commercial practice with respect to the type of property subject to this Lease, and   that this agreement is the product of free and informed negotiation during which both Landlord   and Tenant were represented by counsel skilled in negotiating and drafting commercial leases in   Massachusetts and that the acknowledgements and agreements contained herein are made with full   knowledge of the holding in Wesson    v. Leone Enterprises,      

35    Inc., 437 Mass. 708 (2002). Such acknowledgements, agreements and waivers by Tenant are a   material inducement to Landlord entering into this Lease.      (d) Arbitration. As set forth only in Sections 35(a), Section 36(r) and   APPENDIX 1 hereof, the parties have agreed to resolve certain disputes by arbitration in   accordance with the Expedited Arbitration Procedures provisions of the Commercial Arbitration   Rules of the American Arbitration Association (or another arbitration company mutually   acceptable to Landlord and Tenant) and otherwise under the terms of this subsection 36(d)   ( Arbitration ). Any such Arbitration shall occur in a location mutually convenient to Landlord   and Tenant (or, if Landlord and Tenant cannot agree on a mutually convenient location, in the City   of Boston, Massachusetts). The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on   the parties, but the arbitrator shall have no power to reform, supplement or modify this Lease. The   arbitrator shall make required findings incident to an arbitrable dispute, which findings shall be set   forth in reasonable detail in a written decision by the arbitrator. Unless otherwise expressly   provided hereunder, the parties shall share equally in all costs charged by the arbitrator or the   arbitration company and each party shall otherwise bear its own costs (including attorneys  fees)   of any Arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as  otherwise  expressly provided in this   Lease (but outside of this subsection 36(d)), the arbitrator may (but shall not be obligated to), in   its sole discretion, determine the prevailing party in any such Arbitration and award such prevailing   party all of the prevailing party s costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Arbitration   (including without limitation attorneys  fees and costs).      (e) Accord and Satisfaction. No payment by Tenant or receipt by Landlord of   a lesser amount than the monthly or any other rent or charge herein stipulated shall be deemed to   be other than on account, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or any letter   accompanying any check or payment of any rent or charge be deemed an accord and satisfaction,   and Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord s right to recover   the balance of such rent or charge or pursue any other remedy in this Lease provided.      (f) No Agency. Nothing contained  in this Lease shall be taken or construed  to   create any agency between Landlord and Tenant or to authorize the Tenant to do any act or thing   or to make any contract so as to encumber in any manner the title of the Landlord to the Premises   or to create any claim or lien upon the interest of the Landlord in the Premises.      (g) Memorandum of Lease. Landlord and Tenant shall, upon request of either   party, execute and record a notice of this lease in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT E; provided   that the party requesting the memorandum shall pay all recording and state, county and local   transfer fees and/or taxes imposed as a result of such notice.      (h) Financial Statements. Except with respect to any such time as Tenant is a   corporation whose shares are traded on a US public securities exchange, Tenant shall within 30   days after receipt of written request from Landlord but, so long as no Event of Default exists, not   more frequently than once within any twelve-month period, provide to Landlord, for the benefit of   Landlord, Mortgagee and any prospective investors, Mortgagee or purchaser   of the Premises   (i) a balance sheet and profit and loss statement of Tenant for Tenant s most recent fiscal year,      

36    and (ii) a detailed operating statement of the Premises for the most recent calendar year   (collectively,  Financial Statements ).      (i) Confidentiality. The parties acknowledge that the specific terms and   conditions of this Lease and any documents made available to Landlord by Tenant hereunder are   of a confidential nature and shall not be disclosed except to Tenant s or Landlord s respective   affiliates, officers, directors, principals, members, employees, agents, attorneys, partners,   accountants, lenders (existing or prospective), investors (existing or prospective) or prospective   purchasers (collectively, for purposes of this Section 36, the  Permitted Outside Parties ) or as   required by law. No party, including Permitted Outside Parties, shall make any public disclosure   of the specific terms of this Lease or of any of such documents, except as required by law   (including SEC regulations and NYSE or NASDAQ requirements). In connection with the   negotiation, execution, delivery, performance and administration of this Lease, each party   acknowledges that it may have access to confidential information relating to the other  party. Each   party shall treat such information as confidential, preserve the confidentiality thereof, and not   duplicate or use such information, except to Permitted Outside Parties or otherwise in connection   with the negotiation, execution, delivery, performance and administration of this Lease (or in   connection with a party s disposition of an interest in this Lease or in the Premises). Except as   required by applicable law, neither party shall issue any press release or make any statement to   the media regarding the execution and delivery of this Lease without the other party s consent,   which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The provisions of this Section shall   survive any termination of this Agreement. The terms of this Section 36(i)  shall not apply to any   information that is or becomes publicly known other than through a party s breach of its   obligations under this Section 36(i).      (i) Counterparts. This Lease may be executed in any number of counterparts,   each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute but one   in the same instrument.      (k) Time   of  the  Essence.   Time  is  of  the  essence   with   respect  to every   provision of this Lease (including but not limited to APPENDIX 1) providing for performance,   action or inaction by a specified date or within a specified period oftime.      (I) Survival of Obligations. Any obligations of Tenant occurring prior to the   expiration or earlier termination of this Lease shall survive such expiration or earlier termination.      (m) Broker. Landlord and Tenant each covenant that they have not dealt with   any real estate broker, finder or other such party entitled to be paid a fee or a commission with   respect to this Lease, except for Mark Mulvey of Cushman   Wakefield ( Broker ), whose fees   shall be payable by Landlord pursuant to a separate written agreement between Landlord and   Broker. Except for the Broker, each party shall indemnify and hold the other party  harmless from   all damages, claims, liabilities or expenses, including reasonable attorneys  fees, resulting from   any claims that may be asserted against the other party by any real estate broker or finder with   whom the indemnifying party either has or is purported to have dealt.      

37    (n) Waiver of Jury Trial. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY   LAW, LANDLORD AND TENANT EACH WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN   ANY LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF OR WITH RESPECT TO THIS LEASE.      (o) OFAC. Tenant and Landlord hereby represents and warrants to each other   that for itself it is not, nor will it become, a person or entity with whom U.S. persons or entities   are restricted from doing business under regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the   Department of the Treasury (including those named on OFAC s Specially Designated and Blocked   Persons List) or under any statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001, Executive   Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to   Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action.      (p) REIT/UBTI. The Landlord and the Tenant hereby agree that it is their intent   that all Base Rent, and all other additional rent and any other rent and charges payable to the   Landlord under this Lease shall qualify as  rents from real property  within the meaning of   Sections 512(b)(3) and 856(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the  Code )   and the U.S. Department of the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the  Regulations ).   In the event that (i) the Code or the Regulations, or interpretations thereof by the Internal Revenue   Service contained in revenue rulings or other similar public pronouncements, shall be changed so   that any rent no longer so qualifies as  rent from real property  for purposes of either said Section   512(b)(3) or Section 856(d) or (ii) the Landlord, in its sole discretion, determines that there is any   risk that all or part of any rent shall not qualify as  rents from real property  for the purposes of   either said Sections 512(b)(3) or 856(d), such rent shall be adjusted in such manner as the Landlord   may reasonably require so that it will so qualify; provided, however, that any adjustments required   pursuant to this Section 36(p) shall be made so as to produce the equivalent (in economic terms)   rent as payable prior to such adjustment. The parties agree to execute such further commercially   reasonable instrument as may reasonably be required by the Landlord in order to give effect to the   foregoing provisions of this Section 36(p).      (q) Activity and Use Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary   contained herein, Tenant and Landlord acknowledge that the Landlord s Parcel (including without   limitation the Premises) is subject to an Activity and Use Limitation (the  Existing AUL ) pursuant   to the terms of Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 21E, recorded with the Middlesex North   Registry of Deeds at Book 21997, Page 35, a copy of which has been provided to Tenant.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant and Landlord acknowledge that   all of Tenant s and Landlord s rights and interests under this Lease are subject to the Existing AUL   and under no circumstances shall Tenant and/or Landlord make any use of the Premises or conduct   any activity thereon that is prohibited by the Existing AUL.      (r) Limited Sale Profit Participation Right.      (1) Upon a Sale for which (a) the closing (the  Closing,  with the date   of Closing being the  Closing Date ) occurs prior to the earlier to occur of the third (3rd)   anniversary of the Commencement Date or an Exempt Sale and (b) the applicable Net Sale   Proceeds are at least equal to the applicable IRR Amount as of the Closing Date, if this Lease is   then in full force and effect Landlord shall pay to Tenant the applicable Profit Share Amount   simultaneously with the Closing Date.  As used herein:      

38     Acquisition  means the acquisition by Landlord and/or any Landlord Affiliate of the 100   Chelmsford Parcel and/or the Leased Parcel in connection with the execution and delivery of this   Lease.    Acquisition Costs  means, as applicable:   A. if the Subdivision shall not have occurred, the Purchase Price plus the Transaction   Costs for the Acquisition; or      B. if the Subdivision shall have occurred, the Purchase Price plus the Transaction   Costs for the Acquisition, multiplied by 33.33%.       Development Costs  means,   A. if the Subdivision shall not have occurred, (i) all Project Costs (as defined in   APPENDIX 1) plus (ii) any or all hard and soft costs or expenses of subdividing,   developing and improving the I 00 Chelmsford Parcel and its appurtenances,   including without limitation all development, architectural, engineering, project   management, permitting and legal costs, costs of environmental remediation and   costs of construction and site work and all other costs and expenses of the type   including within the definition of Project Costs, mutatis mutandis; or   B. if the Subdivision shall have occurred, all Project Costs.    Investment  means, as applicable:   A. if the Subdivision shall not have occurred, the aggregate of the Acquisition Costs   and Development Costs for the 100 Chelmsford Parcel and the Leased Parcel; or   B. if the Subdivision shall have occurred, the aggregate of the Acquisition Costs and   Development Costs for the Leased Parcel.    IRR Amount  means an internal rate of return of 10% per annum, compounded annually, on the   sum of the aggregate applicable Investment of the Landlord and/or its affiliates, commencing on   the date that any applicable Investment is made (with such internal rate of return to be calculated   using the XIRR Function of Microsoft Excel).    Net Sale Proceeds  means the proceeds of the Sale received by Landlord at the Closing net of the   aggregate of the applicable Transaction Costs for the Sale.    Profit Share Amount  means twenty percent (20%) of the difference between (i) the applicable   Net Sale Proceeds and (ii) the applicable IRR Amount.    Purchase Price  means four million two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($4,250,000).    Sale  means a sale or transfer of Landlord s fee simple interest in the Leased Parcel and, if the   Subdivision shall not have occurred, the 100 Chelmsford Parcel. Without limitation, a  Sale  shall   not include (i) the granting of a mortgage or a sale or transfer in connection with a foreclosure of   a mortgage or by deed  in lieu of foreclosure  (together  with any sale or   transfer      

39    under clause (iii) immediately below, an  Exempt Sale  (ii) a sale or transfer of Landlord s   interest to any Landlord Affiliate, or by descent or devise following the death of any person   comprising Landlord, or in connection with a merger or sale of all or substantially all of Landlord s   assets, or otherwise by operation of law; or (iii) a sale or transfer of  Landlord s interest as part of   a transaction by Landlord and/or any Landlord Affiliates that also includes at least two (2)   properties outside of the 100 Chelmsford Parcel, the Leased Parcel or the Hale Property (as defined   in the REA); provided that in the event of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events other than   an Exempt Sale, the provision of this Section 36(r) shall continue in full force and effect with   respect to any subsequent Sale.    Subdivision  means the division of the Landlord s Parcel into separate legal lots comprised of the   100 Chelmsford Parcel and the Leased Parcel.    Transaction Costs  means, with respect to the Acquisition or Sale, as applicable, any or all actual   and reasonable or necessary costs or expenses of consummating the particular transaction incurred   by or equitably allocable to Landlord and/or any Landlord Affiliates therefor, including, without   limitation legal fees, closing costs, escrow fees, recording fees, title examination and insurance   costs, survey costs, due diligence investigation or monitoring costs and/or brokerage fees.   (2) The parties acknowledge that the 100 Chelmsford Lease contains   provisions that are corollary to this Section 36(r) (the  100 Chelmsford Profit Share Provisions )   and agree that all accounting relevant to this this Section 36(r) shall occur in a manner consistent   with all accounting relevant to the 100 Chelmsford Profit Share Provisions (in order that, among   other things, there shall be no so-called  double counting  of any Landlord transaction Costs or   amounts owed, collectively, to Tenant pursuant to this Section 36(r) and/or to the tenant under the   100 Chelmsford Lease pursuant to the 100 Chelmsford Profit Share Provisions).   (3) Any dispute under the foregoing provisions of this Section 36(r)   shall be settled exclusively by Arbitration under Section 36(d) above.   (4) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, Tenant s   rights under this Section 36(r) are personal to the Tenant originally named herein and any successor   thereto pursuant to a Permitted Transfer, but shall not otherwise be transferable or assignable (and   shall not, in any event, be assignable or transferable to any Leasehold Mortgagee [as defined in   EXHIBIT F]). Further notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Landlord shall   have no obligation to pay Tenant any Profit Share Amount at any time in which Tenant shall be in   default of any of its obligations under this Lease beyond any applicable notice or cure period.   (s) No Merger. There shall be no merger of the leasehold estate created by this   Lease with the fee estate in the Leased Parcel by reason of the fact that the same person or entity   may own or hold (i) the leasehold estate created by this Lease or any interest in such leasehold   estate and (ii) the fee estate in the Leased Parcel or any interest in such fee estate; and no such   merger shall occur unless and until all persons and other entities having (a) any interest in this   Lease or the leasehold estate created by this Lease (excluding subtenants but including  any   Leasehold Mortgagee) and (b) any fee simple interest in the Leased Parcel or any part  thereof   shall join in a written instrument effecting such merger and shall duly record the same.      

40          [BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]      

41    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Lease as of the date first   above written.      LANDLORD:      ------- a   _         By:   _   Name:   Title:            TENANT:      MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS   INC., a Delaware corporation         By:   _   Name:   Title:      

Exhibit A, Page 1    EXHIBIT A      DESCRIPTION OF LANDLORD S PARCEL      100   144 Chelmsford Street   Lowell, Massachusetts      The land situated on Chelmsford Street, in Lowell. Middlesex County, Massachusetts, shown as   Lots I-lB-4 and I-IB-5 on a plan entitled  Compiled Disposition Map of Lots I-lB-3, I-lB-4   I-   IB-5 in Lowell, Mass., Hale Howard Urban Renewal Area, Project No. Mass. R-130  dated March   30, 1977, by Dana P. Perkins   Sons, Inc. Civil Engineers   Surveyors , recorded with Middlesex   North District Deeds in Plan Book 124, Plan 46, bounded and described as follows:      NORTHEASTERLY: by land now or formerly of the Boston   Maine Railroad Corp., as shown   on said plan, by three bounds totaling 649.97 feet;      SOUTHEASTERLY  by  said  land  of  Boston     Maine  Railroad  Corp.,  as  shown  on  said plan,    27.97 feet;      NORTHEASTERLY again, by said land of Boston   Mane Railroad  Corp.,  as  shown  on said    plan,  265.16 feet;      SOUTHEASTERLY again, by Lot 1-1 B-3, as shown on said plan, 412.45 feet;   SOUTHEASTERLY again, by said Lot 1-1 B-3, as shown on said plan, 277.71 feet;   SOUTHWESTERLY by Lot I-IA, as shown on said plan, 300 feet;   NORTHWESTERLY by Chelmsford Street, 270 feet; and   NORTHWESTERLY again, by said Chelmsford Street by three courses totaling 1,042.23 feet;   Comprised in part by two parcels of registered land; namely,   Registered Parcel 1:      A certain parcel of land situated in said Lowell, bounded and described as follows:   NORTHEASTERLY by Howard Street, fifty-two (52) feet;   SOUTHEASTERLY by land now or formerly of David Ziskind, one hundred twelve (112) feet;      SOUTHWESTERLY by land now or formerly of Charles E. Jameson, fifty-two and 1/100   (52.01) feet; and      

Exhibit A, Page 2       NORTHWESTERLY by land now or formerly of Israel Levin, one hundred thirteen and 28/100   (113.28) feet.      

Exhibit A, Page 3    All of said  boundaries of said Registered  Parcel  I are determined  by the Land court to be located  as   shown on Plan 5672-A entitled  Plan of Land in Lowell  drawn by Smith and Brooks, Civil Engineers,   dated October 15, 1915, as approved by the  Court,  filed  in  the  Land  Registration Office, a copy of   a portion of which is filed with  Certificate  of  Title  No.  951  issued  by Middlesex  North  Registry    District of the Land Court.      Registered Parcel 2:      A certain  parcel of land situated  in said Lowell, bounded  and described  as  follows:      NORTHWESTERLY by land now or formerly of Minnie Bernstein and Mary F. Hardy, forty-six   and 68/100 (46.68) feet;      SOUTHEASTERLY by Lot 5, twenty-five and 07/100 (25.07) feet;   SOUTHWESTERLY by Lot 6, thirty-three and 94/100 (33.94) feet.   All of said boundaries of said Registered Parcel 2 are determined by the Land Court to be located   and shown on Subdivision Plan 6039-B entitled  Subdivision Plan of Land in Lowell  drawn by   Dana F. Perkins   Sons, Inc., Surveyors, dated December 22, 1976, as approved by the Court,   filed in the Land Registration Office, a copy of a portion of which is filed with Certificate of Title   No. 21963 issued by said Registry District, and said Registered Parcel 3 is shown as Lot 7 on said   plan.      Excepting and excluding from the foregoing the following:      So much of the premises as lies within former Railroad Street as the same is now or formerly   owned by Boston and Maine Corporation as set forth in Deed from the Trustees of Boston and   Maine Railroad Corporation to City Development Authority dated January 5, 1977, recorded in   Book 2242, Page 527.      So much of the land taken by the City of Lowell by right of eminent domain by Order of Taking   dated September 8, 1998, recorded in Book 9590, Page 157 and filed as Document No. 178630,   and shown thereon as Parcel 1 and Parcel 2 on a  Plan of Land in Lowell, Mass. Prepared for   Lowell Regional Transit Authority  dated September 25, 1998 by Vaidya Consultants, Inc.,   recorded in Plan Book 198, Plan 71, and filed as Document No. 178630. See also Land Court   Order flied as Document No. 184737.      Said land is also shown as Lot 1-lB-5 on plan entitled  Plan of Land in Lowell, Mass.  dated   September 25, 1998, prepared by Vaidya Consultants, Inc. recorded with the Middlesex North   District Registry of Deeds in Plan Book 198, Plan 71.      

Exhibit A-1, Page I    EXHIBIT A-1      PLAN SHOWING LANDLORD S PARCEL,   THE LEASED PARCEL AND THE 100 CHELMSFORD PARCEL          (appended hereto)      

Exhibit A-1, Page 2                   

Exhibit A-2, Page 1    EXHIBIT A-2      PLAN SHOWING THE PROPOSED BUILDINGS         (appended hereto)      

SffE PlAN   EXHIBIT A-2      SGA COMMUNiCATiNG  COLLABORAT1 G CREAT1NG MACOM - CONCEPT DESIGN  Q,,  9  6            

Exhibit B, Page I    EXHIBITB      Tenant Work               * Kitchen equipment design and installation   * Furniture design  and installation   * Wireless support for 600 devices   * Data rooms setup   * Networking gear installation   * Inter-building connectivity   * Paging system  installation   * Conference room equipment; i.e. phone, AV, etc.   * Phone system  installation   * Display  boards installation   * Copy/office/MFP machine installation   * Card access system installation   * Security Cameras installation   * Fitness center and  media  room  utility requirements      

Exhibit C, Page 1    EXHIBIT C      SUBORDINATION, NON-DISTURBANCE AND   ATTORNMENTAGREEMENT      [144 Chelmsford  Street,  Lowell MA]      This Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attomment  Agreement (this  Agreement )  is   dated this   day of , 2016  between --------------    ( Lender )  and MACOM  TECHNOLOGY  SOLUTIONS  HOLDINGS  INC., a Delaware   corporation ( Tenant ).      RECITALS      A. Tenant has entered into a certain lease (the   Lease ) dated , 2016   with (the  Landlord ) of the land and buildings, including certain buildings  to be    constructed thereon by Landlord to the extent set  forth  in  the  Lease,  located  at  144 Chelmsford   Street, Lowell, Massachusetts. The leased premises described in the Lease are hereinafter referred   to as the  Premises.       B. Lender  has  made  a  loan  to Landlord,  which  loan  is  secured  by a  mortgage  and   security agreement dated , 20   , recorded  with the  Essex  North  Registry of   Deeds in Book   , Page and  filed  with the Essex  North  Registry  District  of the   Land Court as Document  (the  Mortgage ), and an assignment of leases and rents   dated , 20_, recorded with said Registry in Book_, Page and filed with said   land Court as Document  (the  Assignment ), both with respect to the Premises.      D. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein  shall have the respective  meanings  set   forth in the  Lease.      For mutual consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,   the parties hereto agree as follows:      1. Tenant agrees that the leasehold of the Lease is and shall be subject and subordinate   to the lien of the Mortgage and to the lien of the Assignment and to all renewals, amendments,   modifications, consolidations, replacements and extensions thereof, now or hereafter executed, to   the full extent of all amounts secured thereby, said subordination to have the same force and effect   as if the Mortgage and the Assignment, and such renewals, modifications, consolidations,   replacements and extensions thereof, had been executed, acknowledged, delivered and recorded   prior to the execution and delivery of the Lease and any recorded notice or memorandum thereof,   and amendments or modifications thereto. However, the foregoing subordination provision shall   not be deemed or construed as limiting Tenant s rights under the Lease and/or Landlord s   obligations thereunder, including without limitation with respect to the use of insurance proceeds   and condemnation awards and, notwithstanding any inconsistent provisions of the Mortgage with   respect thereto, such proceeds and awards shall be applied as set forth in the Lease.      

Exhibit C, Page 2       2. Lender agrees that Tenant shall not be named or joined as a party defendant in any   action, suit or proceeding which may be instituted by Lender to foreclose or seek other remedies   under the Mortgage or the Assignment by reason of a default or event of default under the   Mortgage or the Assignment, unless applicable law requires Tenant to be made a party thereto as   a condition to Lender s proceeding against Landlord or prosecuting such rights and remedies.   Lender further agrees that, in the event of any entry by Lender pursuant to the Mortgage, a   foreclosure of the Mortgage, or the exercise by Lender of any of its rights under the Mortgage or   Assignment, Lender shall not disturb Tenant s right of possession of the Premises under the terms   of the Lease so long as Tenant is not in default beyond applicable notice and cure periods in the   Lease.      3. Tenant agrees that, in the event of a foreclosure of the Mortgage by Lender, the   acceptance of a deed in lieu of foreclosure by Lender, or Lender s exercise of any of its rights   under the Mortgage or Assignment, Tenant will attorn to and recognize Lender as its landlord   under the Lease for the remainder of the term of the Lease (including all optional extension terms   which have been or are hereafter exercised) upon the same terms and conditions as are set forth   in the Lease, and Tenant hereby agrees to perform all of the obligations of Tenant pursuant to the   Lease.      4. Tenant agrees that, in the event Lender succeeds to the interest of Landlord under   the Lease:      (a) Lender shall not be liable in damages for any act or omission of any prior   landlord (including Landlord), provided nothing herein shall derogate from the   obligation of Lender to perform all of the obligations of Landlord pursuant to the   Lease arising, accruing or continuing from and after such time as Lender succeeds   to the interest of Landlord under the Lease;      (b) Lender shall not be liable for the return of any security deposit unless such   security deposit is actually received by Lender;      (c) Lender shall not be bound by any Base Rent or additional rent which Tenant   might have prepaid for more than one (1) month in advance under the Lease (unless   so required to have been prepaid under the Lease);      (d) Lender shall not be bound by any amendments or modifications of the   Lease made after the date hereof without consent of Lender which have the effect   of materially increasing Landlord s obligations under the Lease, reducing rent or   otherwise materially reducing any of Tenant s obligations under the Lease,   decreasing the Term or canceling the Lease prior to its expiration except as a result   of the exercise of a right to terminate as set forth in the Lease;      (e) Lender shall not be subject to any offsets or defenses which Tenant might   have against any prior landlord (including Landlord) except in cases where Tenant   has given Lender notice of the event or circumstances giving rise to  such      

Exhibit C, Page 3    damages, offsets or defenses and afforded Lender the same period of time in which   to cure as is provided to Landlord under the Lease; and      (f) Lender shall not be bound by any provisions in the Lease which obligate   Landlord to erect or complete any building and/or to make any improvements to   the Premises (and/or the 100 Chelmsford Property and Hale Property) other than   such obligations of Landlord as are expressly set forth in the Lease (including   without limitation Appendix 1 of the Lease).      5. Lender hereby approves of, and consents to, the Lease. Notwithstanding anything   to the contrary contained in the Mortgage or the Assignment, Tenant shall be entitled to use and   occupy the Premises and exercise all its rights under the Lease, and the Lease and Landlord s  and   Tenant s performance thereunder shall not constitute a default under the Mortgage or Assignment.   Tenant agrees to give Lender a copy of any notice of default under  the  Lease served upon   Landlord at the same time as such notice is given to Landlord.      6. Lender acknowledges that, in the event of an Approvals Contingency Failure,   Tenant will have certain rights as set forth in Exhibit F of the Lease to grant a Leasehold Mortgage   on Tenant s leasehold estate under the Lease, which Leasehold Mortgage shall constitute a first   position mortgage lien on any New Building Work, and Lender hereby consents to any such   Leasehold Mortgage granted in accordance with Exhibit F of the Lease.      7. The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be automatic and self-operative   without execution of any further instruments on the part of any of the parties hereto. Without   limiting the foregoing, however, Lender and Tenant agree, within thirty (30) days after request   therefor by the other party, to execute an instrument in confirmation of the foregoing provisions,   in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender and Tenant,  pursuant  to which the parties   shall acknowledge the continued effectiveness of the Lease in the event of such foreclosure or   other exercise of rights.      8. Any notice to be delivered hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent registered   or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or overnight delivery by Federal   Express or similar overnight courier which delivers upon signed receipt of the addressee, or its   agent. The time of the giving of any notice shall be the time of receipt thereof by the addressee or   any agent of the addressee, except that in the event that the addressee shall refuse to receive any   notice, or there shall be no person available (during normal business hours) to  receive such notice,   the time of giving notice shall be deemed to be the time of such refusal or attempted delivery as   the case may be. All notices addressed to Lender or Tenant, as the case may be, shall be delivered   to the respective addresses set forth opposite their names below, or such other addresses as they   may hereafter specify by written notice delivered in accordance herewith:   If to Tenant:   with a copy   simultaneously to:      

Exhibit C, Page 4       If to Lender:      9. The term  Lender  as used herein includes any direct or more remote successor or   assign of the named Lender herein, including without limitation, any purchaser at a foreclosure   sale, and any successor or assign thereof, and the term  Tenant  as used herein includes any direct   or more remote successor and assign of the named Tenant herein. All terms used herein but not   defined herein which are defined in the Lease shall have the same meaning for purposes hereof as   they do for purposes of the Lease.      TENANT:      MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS   HOLDINGS  INC.      By:  _   Name:   _   Title:------------      LENDER:         By:  _   Name:-----------   Title:------------      

Exhibit C, Page 5          COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS)   ) ss.   COUNTY OF   -----------   On this day of 20           , before me,   the undersigned officer, personally appeared        , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the  _   of MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation, and   that he/she, as such  , being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing   instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing the name of the corporation by   himself/herself    as   -----------      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  I hereunto  set my hand  and official seal.      NOTARIAL      SEAL Notary Public   My  commission expires:            STATE OF   COUNTY OF   )   ) ss.   )   On this day of 20   , before me,      the undersigned officer, personally appeared   ------------   , who acknowledged  himself/herself to be the   ------      of   ---------------    a ,   and   that   he/she,   as    such   ---------  being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the   purposes  therein  contained  by  signing  the  name of the by  himself/herself as         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  I hereunto  set my hand  and official seal.      NOTARIAL      SEAL Notary Public      My commission  expires:      

Exhibit D, Page 1    EXHIBITD      Permitted  Encumbrances         1. Easement from The City Development Authority to Massachusetts Electric Company dated March   24, 1977, recorded in Book 2241, Page 309, as affected by Easement Agreement dated July 19,   1982, recorded in Book 2547, Page 94.      2. Covenants set forth in Deed from City Development Authority to City of Lowell dated October 2,   1978, recorded in Book 2332, Page 534, at Page 549 and filed as Document No. 76121 to the extent   in force and applicable.      3. Taking by the City of Lowell for layout of Chelmsford Street dated January 17, 1979, recorded in   Book 2349, Page 216.      4. Covenants and easements contained in Deed from City of Lowell to Wang Laboratories dated   December 31, 1980, recorded in Book 2459, Page 212 and filed as Document No. 81413.      5. Access and License Agreement by and between AMP Incorporated, M/A-Com, Division and   L Energia Limited Partnership, dated November 17, 1997, recorded in Book 8910, Page 285, and   re-recorded in Book 9034, Page 184, as amended by Amendment Agreement dated February 25,   1999, recorded in Book 10461, Page 68.      6. Notice of Activity and Use Limitation dated March 6, 2008, recorded in Book 21997, Page 35.      

Exhibit E, Page I    EXHIBIT E      NOTICE OF LEASE      Notice is hereby given pursuant to Massachusetts General Laws, Chapter 183, Section 4,   of an instrument of lease (the  Lease ) containing, inter alia, the following terms and conditions:      LANDLORD:      TENANT: MACOM  TECHNOLOGY  SOLUTIONS  HOLDINGS  INC., a   Delaware corporation      DATE OF LEASE   INSTRUMENT:   ,2016      PREMISES:                        TERM OF LEASE:                  EXTENSION OPTIONS:            MAJOR  TENANT:            ACTIVITY AND USE   LIMITATION:   That certain portion of the Landlord s Parcel shown as  Leased   Parcel  on the plan attached hereto as Exhibit_, together with   the Improvements (as defined in the Lease) and Intangible Rights   (as defined in the Lease). The  Landlord s Parcel is that certain   improved real property currently known as and numbered 100   Chelmsford Street, in the City of Lowell, Massachusetts, more   particularly described on Exhibit_ and shown on the plan   attached hereto as Exhibit      The initial term of the Lease commences on the occurrence of the   Commencement Date of the Lease and expires on the last day of   the month in which the twentieth (20th) anniversary of such   Commencement Date occurs.         Tenant has an option to extend the term of the Lease for two (2)   consecutive periods of ten (10) years each, as more specifically   provided in the Lease.      Tenant has been designated as the Major Tenant (as defined in that   certain Reciprocal Easement Agreement of even date herewith and   recorded/filed concurrently herewith) for the Landlord s Parcel.         Tenant and Landlord acknowledge that the Landlord s Parcel   (including without limitation the Premises) is subject to an Activity   and Use Limitation pursuant to the terms of Massachusetts General   Laws Chapter 21E, recorded with the Middlesex North Registry of   Deeds at Book 21997, Page 35, a copy of which has been provided   to Tenant.      

Exhibit E, Page 2       OTHER PROVISIONS: The Lease contains additional rights, restrictions, terms and   conditions not enumerated in this Notice of Lease. Reference   should be made to the Lease directly with respect to these and other   material terms and conditions.      This Notice of Lease is executed pursuant to the provisions contained in the Lease, and is   not intended to vary the terms, conditions or other provisions of the Lease. In the event of any   inconsistency between the provisions of the Lease and the provisions of this Notice of Lease, the   provisions of the Lease shall govern and control.  This instrument is not intended to, and does   not and shall not, amend, modify, diminish or affect in any way the Lease or the construction or   interpretation thereof or any rights or obligations of any of the parties thereto.      This Notice of Lease may be executed simultaneously in counterparts, each of which   shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same   instrument.      EXECUTED under seal this    day of    , 2016.      LANDLORD:      By:  _   Name:   Title:         TENANT:   MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS   HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation         By:  _   Name:   Title:         [Acknowledgements Follow]      

Exhibit E, Page 3    COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS     ,ss.      On this date, _, 2016, before me, the undersigned  notary  public,  personally  appeared     , as of , proved to me through   satisfactory evidence of identification, which was  , to be the person whose   name is signed on the preceding or attached document, and acknowledged to me that s/he signed   it voluntarily for its stated purpose on behalf of the foregoing entity.         Notary Public   Printed  Name:   ----------      My commission expires:  _                          ,ss.      On this date,      STATE  OF   ----------      , 2016, before  me, the undersigned  notary  public, personally   appeared , as ofMACOM TECHNOLOGY   SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation, proved to me through satisfactory   evidence of identification, which was  , to be the person whose name is   signed on the preceding or attached document, and acknowledged to me that s/he signed it   voluntarily for its stated purpose on behalf of the foregoing entity.         Notary Public   Printed  Name:   ----------      My commission expires:------      

Exhibit F, Page 1      EXHIBITF   Approval Contingency Failure Terms         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease (apart from this EXHIBIT F),   in the event of an Approval Contingency Failure (and only in such event), the following terms   and conditions shall apply (and shall govern and control over any contrary provisions of this   Lease outside of this EXHIBIT F):   1. Base Rent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 3 of   this Lease, in the event of an Approval Contingency Failure, Base Rent shall be payable at an   annual rate of $1.00 for the entire term of this Lease (including any Optional Extension Terms),   which amount shall not be subject to increase over time.   2. New Improvements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in   Sections 6, 8, 10, 11 and 18 of this Lease:   (a) Tenant shall have the ongoing right to make Alterations (including   additions) on the Leased Parcel and site improvements on the 100 Chelmsford Parcel including   without limitation the construction of a new building or buildings (a  New Building ) with related   site improvements (collectively,  New Building Construction ),  and  to  make subsequent   Alterations on the Leased Parcel ( New Building Alterations  and/or, together with any New   Building Construction,  New Building Work )  in each case without the requirement  of   Landlord s prior written consent, provided, however, that any such New Building Work shall not   (i) have a material adverse effect on the quality, useful life, value, functionality or costs of   operating or maintaining any of the other then existing buildings and improvements at the Project   Site (as defined in APPENDIX 1) as determined by Landlord in its reasonable discretion   ( Landlord s Determination ), (ii) violate the terms and conditions of the REA and any  applicable   Other Documents, (iii) violate or interfere with the leasehold rights and interests of  any tenant or   occupant of the 100 Chelmsford Parcel (except to the extent that such tenant or occupant shall have   consented thereto in writing in accordance with the terms and conditions of its applicable lease or   occupancy agreement as shall then be in effect), (iv) violate any applicable laws, regulations,   ordinances and rules, including then applicable zoning laws (without the need for an amendment   to the applicable zoning ordinance or map, except to the extent that Landlord shall consent in   writing to any such amendment in writing, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,   conditioned, or delayed) or (v) violate any of the other terms and conditions of this Lease to the   fullest extent applicable thereto. Any New Building Work permitted as set forth in this Section 2   shall be deemed a Permitted Alteration and, except as expressly set forth in this Section 2(a), shall   be subject to all of the other provisions of this Lease governing Permitted Alterations to the fullest   extent applicable. Upon the making of any New Building Alterations, the same shall be deemed   part of the New Building. Within thirty (30) days of Tenant s written request for Landlord s   Determination with respect to any Particular New Building Work and Tenant s submission to   Landlord of all information reasonably required in connection therewith, Landlord shall notify   Tenant as to whether Landlord is or is not making Landlord s  Determination (and, if Landlord is   not making Landlord s Determination, the reasons therefor in reasonable detail); provided that in   the event that Landlord fails to so notify Tenant within   such      

Exhibit F, Page 2      thirty (30) days and Tenant makes a second written request therefor from Landlord (which second   request shall include a statement in all capital letters that Landlord s failure to respond within   fifteen (15) days shall be deemed to constitute Landlord s making Landlord s Determination then,   if Landlord fails to so notify Tenant within such fifteen (15) days, Landlord shall be deemed to   have made Landlord s Determination.      (b) (i) All New Buildings shall be deemed Tenant s sole and exclusive property   during the term of this Lease. If at the expiration or early termination of this Lease any New   Buildings shall remain thereon, however, then (i) the same the same shall be surrendered to   Landlord in accordance with Section 18 of this Lease and (ii) upon any such expiration or early   termination of this Lease, Tenant shall upon request of Landlord execute, acknowledge and deliver   to Landlord a deed confirming that all of Tenant s right, title and interest in any remaining New   Building has vested in Landlord free and clear of any leasehold, leasehold financing and any liens   or encumbrances permitted or suffered by Tenant.      (ii) Tenant may elect to demolish a New Building upon not less than   thirty (30) days  prior written notice to Landlord, such notice (a  Demolition Notice ) to include   an estimate by a qualified licensed contractor of the reasonably estimated cost of demolition (the    Demolition Cost ). Any such demolition shall be subject to all of the Demolition Obligations,   to the fullest extent applicable thereto. Tenant may make such election at any time; provided  that   in the event of any destruction or damage as contemplated under Section lO(a) of this Lease, if   Tenant does not make such election within thirty (30) days of the event of damage or destruction,   then Tenant shall be obligated to repair, rebuild or restore the same in accordance with said Section   1O(a). If Tenant undertakes any such demolition, Tenant shall be obligated to likewise destroy or   remove all Business Alterations on or about the New Building.      (iii) All insurance proceeds on account of any damage or destruction of   a New Building shall be paid, and shall be the exclusive property of, Tenant or the Leasehold   Mortgagee (as defined herein). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Tenant gives a Demolition   Notice then, unless Tenant shall then satisfy the Financial Prerequisite, Tenant shall pay or cause   to be paid to Landlord, by insurance proceeds or a direct payment from Tenant (or any combination   of the two), an aggregate amount equal to 125% of the Demolition Cost (the  Demolition   Security ). Such payment under the preceding sentence shall be made within thirty (30) days   prior to the commencement of demolition or, with respect to any portion of such payment to be   paid by insurance proceeds, after the receipt of such insurance proceeds (but only if and to the   extent that (i) Tenant shall have been required hereunder to insure the same, (ii) Tenant shall have   in fact maintained such insurance as required hereunder and (iii) Tenant shall have proceeded to   adjust the insured loss promptly, diligently and in good faith) and in any event prior to the   commencement of demolition. Upon the completion of such demolition, the Demolition Security,   less any amounts expended by Landlord in the exercise of its rights under Section I4(b) of this   Lease on account of Tenant s failure to have performed any and of its obligations in connection   with the demolition) shall be paid over to Tenant or the Leasehold Mortgagee (and any amount so   retained by Landlord shall be the sole and exclusive property of Landlord).      

Exhibit F, Page 3      (c) In the event of a taking as contemplated under Section 11 of the Lease,   Tenant shall have no obligation to rebuild or restore any New Building or New Building Alteration   except that, in the event of a partial taking of the New Building or New Building Alteration and   Tenant does not deliver a Demolition Notice, Tenant shall take such steps as are reasonably   necessary and appropriate to separate, secure and otherwise place into proper functioning   condition (and in compliance with Law) any portion(s) of the New Building or New Building   Alteration that are not so taken. Tenant will be entitled to an award of takings damages based on   any loss of any New Building or New Building Alterations; provided, however, that to the extent   that the taking authority or applicable court will not award the foregoing to Tenant separate and   apart from any greater award pertaining to the Premises, then Tenant shall be entitled to participate   in any greater award on an equitable basis in order to compensate Tenant for such loss.      3. Leasehold Financing   (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 12 of this   Lease, in the event that Tenant constructs a New Building, Tenant shall have the right, without   Landlord s consent, to finance New Building Work (and thereafter refinance the same with so    called  permanent financing ) by granting a mortgage on Tenant s leasehold estate under this Lease   (a  Leasehold Mortgage  provided that any holder of a Leasehold Mortgage (a  Leasehold   Mortgagee ) shall be an Institutional Lender and that there shall not be more than one Leasehold   Mortgage in effect at any given time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Leasehold Mortgage now   or hereafter a lien upon this Lease shall extend to or affect the reversionary interest and estate of   Landlord in and to its real property interests in the Leased Parcel or in any manner attach to or   affect Landlord s real property interests in the Leased Parcel from and after any expiration or   termination of this Lease except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Section 3.      (b) Landlord agrees to simultaneously send copies of all notices given to   Tenant hereunder to each Leasehold Mortgagee notice of whose name and address has been given   in writing to Landlord. No Leasehold Mortgagee shall be bound by any notice given from Landlord   to Tenant hereunder unless and until such notice or a copy thereof has been given to  the Leasehold   Mortgagee. No amendment, modification, extension, renewal, cancellation, termination or   surrender of this Lease shall be binding upon the Leasehold Mortgagee without its written consent.      (c) In the case of a default by Tenant continuing after the giving of any requisite   notice and/or passage of any requisite cure period (a  Default ), prior to Landlord s taking any   further steps to terminate this Lease or regain possession of the Premises ( Landlord s   Remedies ), Landlord shall give Leasehold Mortgagee (i) a notice of Landlord s intent to exercise   Landlord s Remedies (the  Remedies Notice ) containing a statement of all existing  Defaults    under this Lease and (ii) the opportunity to cure such Default(s),  as   follows:   (x) Leasehold Mortgagee shall be entitled to cure any Default curable by the payment of monies   for a period of fifteen (15) days after receipt of such Remedies Notice and (y) Leasehold   Mortgagee shall be entitled to cure any other Default (a  Non-Monetary Default ) for a period  of   thirty (30) days after receipt of such Remedies Notice; provided however, that if Leasehold      

Exhibit F, Page 4      Mortgagee reasonably requires additional time to complete the curing of any such Non-Monetary   Default, then, provided Leasehold Mortgagee has commenced to cure such Non-Monetary Default   within such 30-day period and thereafter prosecutes the same to completion with reasonable   diligence, Leasehold Mortgagee shall be entitled to such additional time as is reasonably necessary   to cure such Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein Leasehold   Mortgagee shall have no obligation to cure any Default that is of such a nature that it is not   susceptible to cure by Leasehold Mortgagee despite the exercise of reasonable diligence by the   Leasehold Mortgagee so long as Leasehold Mortgagee notifies Landlord thereof within such 30-   day period (any such Default not susceptible to cure and for which Leasehold Mortgagee shall   have given such notice being an  Incurable Default ). Landlord agrees to accept performance   of Tenant s obligations hereunder by Leasehold Mortgagee with the same force and effect as   though observed or performed directly by Tenant.   (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing subsection (c), if possession of the Premises   and/or title to the leasehold estate under this Lease is required in order for Leasehold Mortgagee   to cure any Default (a  Delayed Cure Default ), then Landlord shall suspend the exercise any   of Landlord s Remedies on account of the Delayed Cure Default, provided that: (i) Leasehold   Mortgagee notifies Landlord within the applicable cure period afforded Leasehold Mortgagee   under subsection (c) above that it intends to acquire possession of the Premises and/or title to the   leasehold estate under this Lease; (ii) within the applicable cure period afforded Leasehold   Mortgagee under subsection (c) above, Leasehold Mortgagee cures any Defaults (other than   Incurable Defaults and the Delayed Cure Default); (iii) all Rent is timely paid and Leasehold   Mortgagee performs or causes to be performed all other obligations of Tenant under this Lease   that are susceptible of being cured or performed by Leasehold Mortgagee with the exercise   ofreasonable diligence prior to its having gained possession of the Premises and/or title to the   leasehold estate under this Lease; and (iv) Leasehold Mortgagee takes steps promptly to acquire   the leasehold estate under this Lease by foreclosure or otherwise and prosecutes the same to   completion with reasonable diligence. Upon completion of the conveyance of Tenant s leasehold   interest hereunder by foreclosure or otherwise, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect as   a lease between Landlord and Leasehold Mortgagee, its designee or the purchaser of the leasehold   estate in any foreclosure proceedings, and Leasehold Mortgagee, its designee or such purchaser   shall promptly and with reasonable diligence cure the Delayed Cure Default.   (e) Leasehold Mortgagee shall not be liable for the performance of Tenant s   obligations hereunder unless and until Leasehold Mortgagee acquires Tenant s rights and interest   by foreclosure or other assignment or transfer in lieu thereof. In the event that Leasehold   Mortgagee so acquires Tenant s rights and interest, the liability of Leasehold Mortgagee, its   successors and assigns shall be limited to its leasehold interest in this Lease. Neither Leasehold   Mortgagee, its successors or assigns, nor any agent, partner, officer, trustee, director, shareholder   or principal (disclosed or undisclosed) of Leasehold Mortgagee, its successors or assigns, shall   have any personal liability hereunder.   (f) All notices from Landlord to Leasehold Mortgagee and from Leasehold   Mortgagee to Landlord hereunder shall be in writing and given in the manner specified in Section   17 of this Lease. The address for notices to Leasehold Mortgagee shall be the address furnished   to Landlord by Tenant or the Leasehold Mortgagee (subject to change by notice given in   accordance with Section 17 of this Lease).      

Exhibit F, Page 5            

Appendix I - Page l       APPENDIX 1   LANDLORD WORK   I. Constmction of Improvements.      (a) Subject to the approval of the Work Plans and the occunence of the Final Approval,   in each case as set forth herein , Landlord covena nts and agrees to: (i) construct the buildings and   related structures (collectively, the  Building ) on the Landlord s Parcel (such work being   hereinafter referred to collectively as the  Building Work ) in accordance with and as more   specifically described in the tinal approved building plans and specifications (the  Final Building   Plans ) to be prepared by Landlord (subject in each case to Tenant s approval as provided in   Section l(b) of this Appendix 1 below) from the preliminary building and site work plans and   specifications (collectively , the  Preliminary Plans ) previously prepared and approved by   Tenant and as ljsted on the attached Appendix 2, and (ii) construct related site improvements   located in, on, under or about the Project Site (such work  being hereinalter referred to collectively   as the  Site Work ) in accordance with and as more specifically described in the approved final   sitework plans and specifications (the  Final  Sitework  Plans ) to be prepared by Landlord   subject in each case to Tenant s approval as provided in Section I(b) of this Appendix 1 below   from the Preliminary Plans; in each case subject to all of the terms of this Appendix 1. The   Building Work and the Site Work are sometimes hereinafter referred to collective ly as the    Landlor d Work,  and the Final Building Plans and the Final Sitework Plans are sometimes   hereinafter referred to collectively as the  Work Plans  ). Landlord shall perform the Landlord   Work on a  turn-key  basis, whlch means that the Landlord Work will be Substantially Completed   (as herei nafter defined) in every respect on the Possession Date (as hereinafter defined), except   for Punchlist Ite ms (as hereinafter defined) and subject only to those Change Orders (as hereinafter   defined) as are specifically permitted by this Lease. As used herein, the  Project Site  shall mean   the Landlord s Parcel together with the Hale Property.      (b) The Work Plans will be prepared  and approved  as  follows:      (j) Within fifteen (15) days following the Effective Date, Landlord shall enter into   an agreement for architectural services (the   Architect Agreement ), on terms reasonably   acceptable to Landlord, with Spagnolo Gisness    Associates,  Inc. or  another qualified  and licen   sed architect selected by Landlord and subject to Tenant s approval not to be unreasonably   withheld, conditioned or delayed (as the case may be, the  Architect ), providing for the   Architect s prompt preparation of the Final Building Plans, subject to the Landlord and Tenant   review and approval procedures set forth below. Further promptly following the Effective Date,   Landlord shall enter juto an agreement for civil engineering services (the  Engineer Agreement ),   on terms reasonably acceptable to Landlord, with RJO Connell   Associates or another qualified   and licensed civil engineer selected by Landlord and subject to Tenant s approval not to be   unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (as the case may be, the  Civil Engineer )   providing for the Civil Engineer s prompt preparation of the Final Sitework Plans, subject1o the   Landlord and Tenant review and approval procedures set forth below.      

Appendix I, Page 2    (ii) Landlor d and Tenant shall reasonab ly cooperate with each other, in a   reasonably prompt fashion, in the review and approval of each version and revision of the Work   Plans. The Work Plans shall generally be consistent with the Preliminary Plans. Landlord   acknowledges and understands that Tenant may, at its sole cost and expense, retain an   architectural consultant ( Tenant s At chitect ) to review the proposed Final Building Plans and   proposed Final Sitework Plans on behalf of Tenant. When Landlord requests Tenant to specify   details or layo uts or approve any portion of the Work Plans, Tenant shall specify or approve or   disapprove same within ten (10) days after its receipt thereof so as not to delay completion of the   Work Plans. If, prior to Plan Approval (as defined herein), Tenant requests any refinement, substit   ution, modification or addit io n to the proposed Final Building Plans and/or the proposed Final   Sitework Plans, Landlord shall cause Landlord s Architect or Civil Engineer to revise and resubmit   the proposed Final Building Plans and/or the proposed Final Sitework Plans to Tenant   incorporating Tenant s requests within ten (10) days after Landlord s receipt  of such  request from   Tenant (or such longer period as shall be reasonable under the circumstances given the nature or   extent of the request). To the extent that any refinement, subst itu tio n, modification or addition   to the Preliminary Plans and/or any plans subsequently approved by the parties are requested or   proposed by Landlord, Tenant shall not be obligated to agree to any thereof if in the reasonable   business judgment of Tenant the requested refinement, modification, substitut io n or additio n   wou ld have, other than to a de minimis extent, an adverse effect on the quality, useful life, val   ue, functionality or cost of and for Tenant s Intended Operations (as defined herein) or costs of   operating or maintaining the Building and other Improvements.      (iii) Landlord may submit the proposed Work Plans to Tenant in stages and   separately for the Building and the Site Work, in which case the approval procedure set fo11h   herein shall apply to each stage or portion of the Work Plans submitted to Tenant for review and   approval. Tenant s review and/or approval of any of the Work Plans shall  not  create responsibility   or liability on the part of Tenant (or Tenant s Architect) for the completeness, design, mfficienc y   or comp liance with any and all applicable Laws, as it is Landlord s responsibility to ensure the   Work Plans are at all times compliant with all applicable governmental laws, ordinances and   regulations ( Laws ). Landlord shall not be obligated or authorized to Commence Construction   of the Landlor d Work unles s and until Landlord and Tenant have both approved the Work Plans.   In the event of any dispute(s) between Landlord and Tellant with respect to the proposed Final   Building Plans and the proposed Final Sitework Plans, the same shall be resolved exclusively by   Arbitration (subject to the provisions of the second sente nce of Section X of this Appendix 1 belo   w). Final approva l of the Work Plans by Landlord and Tenant is referred to herein as  Plan   Approval.       (iv) Except as otherwise provided in this Lease ,  after  the  Work  Plans  have been   approved by Tenant, no improvements or alterations whic h,  other  than  to  a  de  minimis extent ,   vary from the approved Work Plans may be made by Landlord witho ut the prior written consent of   Tenant. Tenant s consent with respect to any alterations to  ru,y  Final  Building Plans  may be granted   or withheld in  Tenant s  sole  and  absolute  discretion.  Tenant s  consent  with respect to any alte   rations to any Final Site Plans ,  howe ver, shall only be withhe ld or conditioned  to the extent that   Tenant determines , in its reasonable discret io n, that such proposed alteratio ns to the Site Work would   have. other tha n to a  de minimis extent,  an  adverse effect  on  the quality, usefu l life, value,   functionality or cost of and for Tenant s Intended Operations or  costs  of  operating or maint aining   the Building and other Improvements.      

Appendix 1, Page 3    (c) If and to the extent permitted by applicable Laws (inoluding, without limitation,   appl icable building codes), Landlord shall commence to perform the Landlord Work within   thirty (30) days following the later to occur of Plan Approval or Final Approval (as defined   herein), or as soon thereafter as is reasonably practicable given seasona l factors and generally   accepted construction practices; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall   commence to perform the Landlord Work in accordance with the Construction Schedule (as   defined herein) and, once commenced, Landlord shall proceed with the Landlord Work diligently   and continuo usly until the Landlord Work is completed. Landlord acknowledges that time is of   the essence in Substantial Completion of the Landlord Work in accordance with the Construction   Schedule, subject to Force Mqjeure Events (as defined herein) , Change Orders and Tenant Delays   (as defined herein).   (d) Landlord agrees that, m connection with Landlord s securing financing for the   construction of Landlord s Work from a construct ion lender (the  Construction Lender ),   Landlord 1s principal or affiliate (as the case may be, the  Landlord Guarantor ) shall execute   and deliver to the Construction Lender a guaranty of Landlord  s obligation to complete the   Landlord Work (a  Lender Completion Guaranty ). The Lender Completion Guaranty shall be   in such form as shal l b e required by the Construction Lender. At the time of issuance of the   Lender Completion Guaranty, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant a separate guaranty from the   Landlord Guarantor in form and  substance substantially  simila r to the  Lender Completion  Gua   ranty, mutatis mutandis (the  Tenant Completion Guaranty  provided, however , that any such   Tenant Completion Guaranty shall at all times be subject to and unconditionally subordinate in   all respects, in lien and payment, to the rig hts, privileges , and powers of the Construction Lender   (and its successors and assigns) under the Lender Complet ion Guaranty. The Tenant Completio   n Guaranty shall provide that Tenant may proceed to enforce the Tenant Complet ion Guaranty at   such time as the Landlord is in default, after the giving of notice and expiration of any grace period   as may be applicable thereto1 of it s o bligations under this Lease to construct the Landlord W ork,   except that Tenant shall not commence any such action to enforce provided that the Construction   Lender is time ly enforcing the Lender Completion Guaranty (and, in any event, subject to such   other reasonable and customary   interc reditor  requirements of the Construction Lender, which   terms shall be set forth in an lnte rcreditor Agreement to be entered into between Tenant and the   Construction Lender).      (e) (i) Following the Effective Date, Landlord will enter into an agreement (the    Construction Management Agreement  ), on terms  reasonably  acceptable  to  Landlord,  with PM   Realty Group or another qualified consn uction manager selected by Landlord and subject to Tenant s   approval not to  be  unreasonably  withheld,  conditioned  or  delayed  (as the case may  be, the  Const   ructio n Manager ) to provide construction management services for  the  Landlord Work, including   without limitation assisting Landlord  in  the  review  and  development  of  the  Work Plans, Project   Budget and Construction Schedule, the negotiation and admin istration of the Construction Agreement   (as defined herejn) and the oversight of the Landlord Work.  Landlord s delegat ion of any   responsibilities to Construction Manager under the Construction Management Agreement shall not   relieve  Lan dlord  of any of its responsib i lities to Tenant hereunder).      (ii) Follow ing   the  Effective Da,te   Landlord  will enter into an agreement   (the    Construction Agreement ), on terms reasonably acceptable to Landlord, with lntegrated   Bt1ilders or  another qualified general contractor  selected by Landlord and subject to   Tenant s      

Appendjx 1,  Page 4    approval not to be umeasonably withheld, conditi oned or delayed (as the case may be, the    General Contractor ) to perform the Landlord Work on a cost-plus, open-book basis. Landlord    s delegation of any responsibilities to General Contractor under the Construction Agreement shall   not relieve Landlord of any of its responsibilities to Tenant hereunder. The Construction   Agreement shall require t he General Contractor to solicit a minimum of three (3) bids for all   subcontracts having a cost of $30,000.00 or more, except for any subcontracts for which the   Landlord, in reliance on and working in conjunct ion with Landlord s General Contractor to   identify the same, has not identified three (3) or more qualified bidders or for any subcontract s   for which a reduced numb er of bidders has been approved in advance by Tenant in its reasonable   discretion. Landlord agrees to provide Tenant with a copy of the proposed form of Co nstruction   Agreement, along with a reasonable opportunity to comment prior to finalization and execution   of the same. The Construction Agreement shall provide that Tenant (in addition to Landlord) shall   receive the benefit of any and all warranties, guaran ties, cert ifications, and/or other such modes   of reliance or recourse ( All Warranties ) made by the General  Contractor and all subcontractors,   subordinate subcontractors and/or material supp liers under the Constructio n Agreement and all   other appl ic able contra cts thereunder and/or related thereto (co llect ively,  All ContJ-ac ts ),   and that any/all certificatjons, testing, inspections, or certificat io ns of complet io n contained in   All Contracts be made to or for the benefit of both Landlord and Tenant.      (iii) The  Construction  Co ntr act   s hall  provide  for  teasonable  and  customary   in spections, obsetvation s and testing during the progress of the Landlord  Work,  includin g (without   limitation) any reasonable and customar y (i) field and laboratory testing of certain  materials  and    supplies  incorporated  into or  used  in  the  perfonnance ofthe  Landlord  Work  and   (ii) field observatio ns and inspect ions of the construct ion com ponents. Landlo rd shall promptJy   provide to Tenant, co pies of all  reports,  analyses and/or  certifications provided to  Landlor d  by any   Landlord Co ntractors (as defined herein) in connection  with  any  such  inspections, observations    and testing.   (iv) The Constructio n Conttact shall require that all Landlotd Contractors   compl y with all Laws pertaining to individual laborers performing Landlord Work, inc lu ding   without limitation all Federal and State immig11atio n Laws and all Laws regarding wages,   salaries, benefits and any other compensation.      (v) A II Landlo rd  Cont racto rs shall  all  be  licensed  contractors  in  the jurisdic   ti o n in which the Leased Parcel  is  located ,  and  sufficient ly  bonded,  to  perform  its applic able   portion of the La ndlor d Work,  and  each shall  be deemed  a Landlord  Contractor (as her ei nafter   defined) for all purposes under  this  Lease.  Landlord  covenants  that  all  Landlord Work shall be   performed in a  good and  workmanlike  manner substant ia lly  in conformance  with the approved   Work Plans and all applicab le Laws. All Work Pla ns may be used and reused by Tenant regardless   of who prepared them and Landlord sha ll obtain a license from the Design Professionals (as here   inafter defined) who prepared said Work PlallS granting Tenant the right to use all or portions of the   Work Plans; provided that all reference to the said Desig n Professionals  and their respective practices   is removed from subseque ntl y altered  Work  Pla ns  and subject to such other customary terms and   conditions as shall be applicable  to  the  use of the  Work  Plans under the  contract  by which  the    Work  Plans were commissioned.   The  Work  Plans shall  be  the      

Appendix I, Page 5    property of Landlord, provided that during the term of this Lease, Landlord  may  use the Work    Plans  only in connection  with this Lease,  the REA or the  Landlord s  Parcel.      (vi) Thi-ougho ut the Co nsti uctio n Period (as hereinafte r defined),  Landlor d    shall require that the General Contracto r and, except as here inbe low express ly provided , eac h   subcontractor  and  s ub- subcontractor   (collectively  the   Landlord Contractors   and   indi vidually   a  Landlord Contractor ) shall carry insurance coverage, during all  such  times  as  the  Landlord   Work  is  being  performed,  includjng  but   not   l imited   to  builder s   risk  completed  value  insurance   on the Landlord Work in  an  amount  reasonably  approved  by  Tenant.  Landlord  shall  also  require   each Landlord  Contractor  (except  subcontractors  and  sub-subco ntractors as   herei nbelow   expressly provided) to carry insuran ce  fo r  combined  sing le  limit  bodily  injur y  and  property   damage  insurance  (including  contractor s   liab ility   coverage,   contractual   liabi lity   coverage,   complete d operat io ns coverage, and broad  form  property  damage  endo rsement)  covering    commercial gene ral liability and automo bile lia bility, in an amount  not  less  than Two  Million   Dollars  ($2,000,000)  per  occurrence,  Three   Million   Dollars  ($3,000,000)   in  the  aggregate  (with   an um brella or excess coverage insurance  pol icy  for  such  l iab ility  insurance policies,  in  an   amount  not  less  than  Five  Million  Dollars  ($5,00,0  000)  per   occurrence  and   in  the   aggregate),   with all such liability ins urance policies, includi ng  such  umbrella  or  excess  coverage  policy.   endorsed to show Tenant as an additional  insured,  and  for  workers    com pensa6on  as  required by   Law, endorsed to show a waiver  of  subrogation  by  the  insurer  to  any  claim  any  Landlord   Contractor  may  have  against  Landlord,  plus  emp loyer s   liability  insurance  with  minimum   limits   of One Million Dolfars ($1,000 , 000) per occ urrence, endorsed to show Tenant  as  an  additional   insured. All insurance  policies  obtrun ed  and  maintained  by t he  Landlord  Co ntractors s hall  be   carr ied with reputab le companies  licensed  to  do  busines s  in the  state  in which  the  Leased  Parcel   are located and having, accord ing to A.M. Best, a rating of not less than A- and a Financial  Size   Category of not Jes s t han  Ylll.  Prior  to comme nce ment  of  any work by any  particular  Landlord   Con tractor,   Landlord   promptly   shall   deliver   to   Tenant   certificates   of   insurance    showing   comp lia nce with such  insurance  req uirements  by  the  Landlord  Contractor,  and  compliance  with   the additio nal  insured  and  waiver  of  subrogation  endo rsement  requirements  set  forth  above.   Landlo rd s ha ll notify Tenant promptly follow in g execu  tion  of any contract, subcontract  or  other   agree ment with  each  Landlord  Contractor  and  upon such  notice,  suc h  Land lord Contracto r  will   be  promptly  notified  by  Landlord  of  Landlord  Contractor s  inclusion  in  the   insurance   requirements set forth in,  and  such  Landlord  Contractor s  obligations  under,  this  clause  (iv).   Landlord s failw e to cause the procurement and maintenance by the Landlo rd  Contractors  of  the   insurance required by this c la use (iv),  which  failure  co nt inues  for  more  than  five  (5)  business   days after written  notice  from  Tenant,  shall  const  i tute  a  material  breach  of,  and  default  under,   this Lease by Landlord, and Tenant may (but shall not  be  obligated  to),  in  addition  to  any other   rights    or    remedies    available    to   Tenant,   purchase   such    insurance  at  Landlord s expense.   Notwithstand ing  the  preceding  provis ions  of  this clause  (iv),  provision  of  some types  or amounts   of insurance by a subco nt ractor or sub-subcontrac tor, includ in g app licab le limi ts of  lia bilit y, may   be waived or modified at the option of Land lord (with prior notice of each/all suc h wa ivers or   modifications  to  be  give n  by  Landlord  to  Tenant),  where  it  is  reasonab  ly  deemed  by  Landlo rd   t hat  either  such  insurance  is  not  applicable,  or  that  adequate  coverage  is  provided  by Landlord s   or  the  General  Contractor s  insurance,  or  that  waiver  or  modification   is   otherwise   appropriate   unde r  the  circumsta nces  and  customary   in  the  region  in  which  the  Leased   Parcel  is   s ituated;   pro vided  ,  however ,   that  subcontractors  and  sub-s ubcontractors must,   in   all   cases,   procure   workers     compensat ion   insurance   as   rnqufred    by   applicab le   Laws   and    business  automobile      

Appendix I, Page 6    liabi lity insurance in  the  amount  custo maril y required  by  prudent  develo pers  of  simila r  projects in   the region  in  which  the  Leased  Parcel  is  situated  from  their  subco ntracto rs  and  sub  subcontract   ors.      (f) Inasmuch as portions of the Landlord Work will be performed in and on both the   Leased Parcel and the 100 Chelmsfo rd Parcel,  Landlord  acknowledges  and agrees that,  insofar as   the same pertains to any eleme nts of the Landlo rd Work being performed on both the Leased Parcel   and the l00 C helms ford Parcel, all insurance policies and coverages required to be maintained   hereunder, A ll Wa rranties, all warranties of La ndl o rd under this Appendix 1 and all   indemnificatio n obli gatio ns of Landlord shall app ly to and cover  activities on  the  e nti re Landlord s    Parcel.  In  perform  ing  Landlord s  Work,  (i)  Landlord  shall  not  enter  the  100 Chelmsfo rd Building   (as defined  herein)  without  prior  notice  to Tenant  and  (ii)  Landlord  shall  use reasonable effo1ts to   minimize any interference  with  Tenant s  business  operations  being conducted   on  the   100   Chelmsfo   rd   Parcel.     Notwithstand in g   the   foregoing,   Te na nt sha ll   reasonably cooperate Landlord with respect to any activities on the 100 Che lmsford Parcel in   order that Landlord s Work may progress in accordance with the Construction Schedule.      (g) Tenant and Landlord agree and acknowledge that, except in the event  of  an    Approval Co ntingency Failure (as defined herein) in  whic h case the  Base Rent shall be $1.00    per year (whic h amount shall not be subject to in crease) as provided in E:xhibit E to this Lease,   the Base Rent to be paid by Tenant to Landlord from the Possess io n Date through the last day of   the first twelve (12) full calendar mont hs of the term of this Lease as  provided  in Section  3 of   this Lease will be an amount equal to the tota l dolla r amount of the final Pr o j ect B udget (as the   same shall have been approved by Tenant as set forth here in) multiplied by seven and  75/100   percent (7.75%), which Base Rent shall be subject to  increase thereafter as set forth in Section 3    of this Lease.   Within s ixty (60) days after the  Possess .io n Date, Landlord will de liver  to Tenant   a final Project Budget whic h, if not contested by Tenant within  thirty  (30)  days after  such   delivery, shall be deemed final and conc lusive for purposes of establis hing Base Rent hereunder   (provided  that in no event shall the total amount of the final Project Budget  have increased from    the total amo unt of the Preliminary Project Budget (as herein after defined) except as herein   permitted).  In the  eve nt of any such contest , the  Preliminary Project Bud get  shall be used  to    de termine the Base Rent payable U11der Sect io n 3 of thi s L ease  unt il suc h time as the patt i es   s hall have conc lusively resolved any such contest, upon which reso lution any effective   overpayment by Tenant in Base Rent shall be credited to  Tenant  s  next  installment(s) of  Base   Rent or any effoctive underpayment by Tenant in Base Rent shall  be  paid  for  by  Tenant  to   Landlo rd in full wit hin th ir ty (3 0) d a ys of such reso lution.      (h) As used herein, the  Project B udget  shaJI mean the final  hard  and  soft  costs actually   incurred by Landlord to  design,  engineer,  plan,  permit  and  develo p  the  Landlord  Work and to co   nstruct the sa me pursuant to the Work  Plans,  includin g  witho ut  limit at io n  on-site paving,   landscaping and utility lines, all  in  accordance  with  the  terms  and  provis ions  of  this Lease, the   Work Plans and the Construction Schedule. The  types of  costs to be included  in  the  Project Bud get   (the  Project  Costs ) shall be  limited  to  the types  of costs  and  expe nses  as  are co ntained in the   P re liminary Budget and incurred or to  be  incurred  by  Landlord,  or equitab ly alloca ble to the Leased   Parcel (when any such costs or expensesaJso a pply to one or  more other parcels),  on  account  of  any    or  all  geotechn icaJ  st udies,  surveys,  infrastructure  costs,  building and   permit   fees,   site   preparation     costs,   architectura l   and   engineering   fees   and   design fees      

Appendix I, Page 7    (including without lim itat ion payments under the Architect Agreement and the Engineer Agreement),   inspectio n fees , testing , labor and materiaJs to construct  the Landlord  Work, costs and fees of   obtaining and complying with  th e  Governmental  Approvals  and  Final  Approval, costs and fees   payable under the Construction Management Agreement and the Construction Agreement and related   documentation, costs of complying with Laws includin g removal or remediation of Hazardous   Substances in accordance with Environmenta l Regulations (including without Ji mitation Landlord s   Remedial Work), project landscaping, water, gas and  electrical hookup fees and related miscellaneous   costs, a ll Taxes and  other  so-called  carrying  costs  accruing from the Effective Date through the    Possession  Date,  brokerage fees on account of the exec utio n of this Lease, costs of complying with    the REA and Other  Documents accruing  from  the Effective Date through the Possession Date, all   federal, state and local taxes arising from or relating to the performance or completion of  the Landlord    Work (includin g,  without  limitation, all federal, state a11d loca l unem ployment taxes and federal   and state income and socia l secu rity taxes to be withheld from wages), costs  of  Tenant  Delays,    construction  financing  interest, costs and fees, costs relating to the develo pment ,  rev ie w,  revision    and  approval  of the Work Plans, the Project Budget, the Construction Schedule  or  any  Change    Orders,  and  attorneys   fees  or costs payable to Landlord  s attorneys for services rendered in   connection with a ny  of  the foregoing (including without limitatio n cos ts of negotiating the   Architect Agreement, Engineer Agreement, Construction Contract). The Project Budget shall  exclude,    however  ,  any  development  fee payable to Landlord  or any of its Affiliates and attorneys   fees or   costs payable   to Landlord   s attorneys for services rendered in negot iating this Lease, the REA, or   Other Documents. A preliminary Project Budget is attached hereto as Appendix 3 (the  Prelimina ry   Project Budget ). Landlord agrees that Tenant shall have full access to review the Preliminar y   Project Budget, any changes pmposed to the Pr ject Budget and the final Project Budget as it is   developed, including any inter im subm issio ns to the Project Budget prior to complet io n of the Work   Plan s a nd/o r prior to Substantia l Comp let ion of the Landlord Work Any change to the Project   Budget shall be subject to Tenant s approval,  which  may  be  given  or  withheld  in  Tenant s  sole    and  absolute  discretion  except that:      1. Tenant  shall not  unreasonably  withhold,  condition  or  delay  its consent to   any such change constituting a re-allocat io n of amounts between or among   different line items of the Project Budget so long as the total amount of the   Project  Budget  is  not thereby increased;      11. Tenant shall not unreasona bly withhold, conditio n or  delay  its consent to   any such change due to any increased Project Costs required as  a  result of any   (1) Governme ntal Approval or Final Approval  conditio ns, requirements or   limit ations approved or consented to by Tenant  in accordance with Sect ion    II of this  Appendix  1, (2) subsequent  discovery by Landlord  prior  to    Substantial  Completion  of site  or soil  condition s, or   (C) Landlord s Remedial Work; and      iii. No approval by Tenant shall be required to the extent that suc h a cha nge is   caused by a Tenant Delay (subject to Tenant s right to contest the same   hereunder).      

Appendix I, Page 8    Except as may be otherwise expressly allowed or authorized hereunder, any increase in costs to   perform or complete Landlord s Work over and above the Project Budget as then approved  hereunder,   whether previously  contemplated or  uncontemp  Jate d,  shaJJ be the sole responsibility of and shall   be paid  by Landlord.      (i) Landlord shall Commence Construction of the Landlord Work no later than the   date (the  Commencement Deadline ) that will allow Landlord sufficient time to complete the   Landlord Work prior to the Updated Antici pated Possession Date (as defined below), and shall   dilige nt ly, continuously, and in good faith proceed thereafter to Substantial Comp letio n thereof   in accordance with the Construction Schedule (subject to Force Majeure , a Change Order or a   Tenant Delay). In the event Landlord fails to Commence Construction of the Landlord Work on   or before the Comme nce ment Deadline other than due to Force Majeure, a Change Order or a   Tenant Delay, then Landlord at Landlord s sole cost and expense, which amount shall be excluded   from the Project Budget , shall accelerate the Landlord Work by conducting construction   overtime and by retaining added contractors to bring the Landlord Work in line with the   Construction Schedule aod allow for timely completion. The words  Commence Construction    (and grammatical variants thereof) mean the pouring of the footings and foundation of the   Building in accordance with the Work Plans.  The period of time running  from the date Landlord   Commences Construction until the date upon which the Punch lis t Ite ms are fully completed in   accordance with this Lease is referred to as the  Construction Period .   G) La ndlord  shall  undertake  and  complete  the  construction  of  each  element of the   Landlord Work described in and in compliance with the Work Plans and any and all applicable   Laws,   including,  but  not   limited   to,  all  Environmental   Regulations. Without  limiting  the   foregoing, Landlord cove nants and agrees that  the application  of any  Hazardous  Materials,  as   part of the performance of the Landlord Work must be performed and completed by a licensed   applicator if required by Environmental Regulation s or any other applicable Law and, when the   Leased Parcel is delivered and turned over to Tenant , all unused /unapplied Hazardous Materia ls   utilized in the performance of the Landlo rd Work including, without limitation, a ll paints, glues   and solvents , must be removed from the  Landlord s  Parce l,  and  properly  disposed  of  as    required   by  all  Environmental  Regulations. Landlord   shall  be  responsible  for  any  and  all   federal, state and local taxes arising from or relat ing to the performance o r comp letion of the   Landlord Work, including, without limitat io n,  all  federal. state and  local  unemployment  taxes   and federal and state income and social security  taxes  to  be  withheld  from  wages  (provided,   howe ver,  that such taxes shall be included  as Project Costs).      (k) Tenant shall have the right, but not the obligation, to designate (including the right   to replace from time to time) a qual ified reputable construction profossional (the  Tenant s   Rep ) to represent Tenant s interest in performing oversig ht of the Landlord Work with full   authority to bind Tenant with respect to any decisions or approvals regarding the Landlord Work,   the Work Plans, the Construction Schedu le, the Project Budget or any Change Orders. Tenant   shall advise Landlord if Tenant retains a Tenant s Rep, by written notice contai11jng the name ,   address and contact information of Tenant s Rep. The Tenant s Rep shall be  invited  to  all    progress  meetings  with  the  Architect,  Construction  Manager,  General Con tractor , and any   representatives of Landlord overseeing the Landlord Work. The Tenant s Rep shall also be   promptly provided with copies of any correspondence submitted to and received from Landlord   and the Architect , Civi l Engi neer, Construction  Manager or  General      

Appendix 1, Page 9    Contractor pertaining to the Work Plans , the Construction Sc hedule, the Project Budget or the   Landlord Work.      (I) Following approval of the Work Plans by Landlord and Tenant, and during the   period of performance of Landlord Work, Landlord and Tenant sha ll have the right to propose   changes, substitutions and eliminations in said Work Plans ( Changes ), which Changes shall   or shall not be impl emented, in accordance with and subject to the following procedures:      (i) Any Changes shall  be effected  by  the execution  by  Landlord  and  Tenant   of a written change order for each such Change (a  Change Order ). Each Change Order shall include   a statement by Landlord of (i) all costs and expenses, including  but not  limited  to design and permittin   g fees, interest and other  carrying  costs,  increased  costs  of  construction  and  all other costs of  the    type  included  or  includable  in  the  Project  Budget,  reasonably  anticipated  to in c rease or decrease   on account of the consideratio n and imp le mentat ion  of the Changes  (with any net increase in such   costs and expenses  being referred  to  herefo  as  the  Net  Cost  Increase  or any net decrea se in   such costs and expenses being referred to herein as the  Net  Cost  Decrease ) and (ii) the number of   days (if any) by whfoh the Construction Schedu le  will  be extended  in order to implement such    Changes to the Landlord  Work.      (ii) Tenant shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion,  to  make Changes   pertaining to the Building Work. Tn addition, Tenant shall  have  the  right  to  make Changes  to  the    Site  Work,  subject  to  Landlord s  consent,  which   shall  not   be   withheld, condit ioned, or delayed   unJes s, in Landlord s reasonable discretion , th e Changes proposed to the Site  Work  would  have a   material adverse effect on  the Project Site.  Tenant shall  have the option to withdraw any Change   Order by notice thereof to Landlord  given  prior  to  the  time  that  Landlord Contractors actually   commence the work thereon or purchase materials  or  supplies  related to the Change Order, provided   that any  costs  and  expenses  incurred  by  Landlord  as  a result of its  consideration  of the  Changes    or  Change  Order  or  Tenant s  withdrawal thereof  shall be deemed  Project Costs.   (iii) If any Change  Order  results  in  a  Net  Cost  Increase  then,  at  Tenant s  elect   ion, Tenant may elec t to proceed with  or  cance l the Change and if Tenant elects  proceed with the   Change then, at Tenant s option and election, either (i) the full amo unt of the Net Cost Increase shall   be added to the Project Budget or (ii) Tenant shall, from time to time until the full amount of the Net   Cost Increase has been paid by Tenant, pay to Landlord any costs or expenses allocable to the C hange   Order within thirty (30) days of  Landlord s  incurring  the applicable cost  or ex.pense and invoici ng   Tenant therefor; provided, however , that in the event of any Cha nge Order that, together with all prior   Change Orders. results in a Net Cost l nc rease in excess of ten percent (10%) over the total amount of   the Preliminary Project Budget, then Landlot d sha ll have.  the right to require that all portions of the    Net Cost  Incr ease  be  paid  for  under  the foregoing clause (ii).   Any Net Cost Decrease  shall be   credited and  reflected  in the Project  Budget.      (iv) Notwithstanding the preceding provjsions of this subsection (1), Landlord   shall have no obligation and no authority to proceed with any proposed Changes unless and untiI   Landlord and Tena nt each approve and execute a Change Order for such Changes.      

Appendix l , Page I 0    (v) Landlord shall have the right to make Changes to the Site Work, subject to   Tenant s consent, which shall only be withheld or conditioned to the extent that Tenant determines,   in its reasonable discretion, that such proposed alterations to the Sit e Work would, other than to   a de minimis extent, have an adverse effect on Tenant s interest in the Landlord s Parcel.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Changes constituting Landlord s Remedial Work are hereby   deemed approved by Tenant.      (vi) Change Orders proposed by Landlord shall not, ipso facto, result in any   increase in the Project Budget (it being acknowledged that increases in the Project Budget shall   occur only as may be otherwise expressly allowed or authorized under this Appendix 1).      II. Approvals.      (a) Promptly following approval of the Work Plans by Landlord and Tenant as hereinabove   provided, or at such sooner time as may be determined by Landlord and  Tenant  in  their reasonable   discretio n, Landlord will apply for and thereafte r diligently pursue the Final Approval (as   hereinbelow defined) of all necessary and appropriate municipa l, county, state and federal authorities   required, as well as any applicab le non-governmental, third parry utility or service providers, abutters,   neighbors or other interested parties in  the  vicin ity  of  the  Leased Parcel (as the case may be,  Third   Parties ),  in  order  for  Landlord  to  perfonn  the  Landlord Work including, without limitation, the   issuance of the following, if and as applicable: zoning variance(s); site plan approvals; special permit   approval(s);  approvals  related  to  drainage  or  storm water management; off-site easements and   dedications; any required approval for the installation or construction of requ ire d utilit ies;   commitments for utility capacity (including,  but not limited to,   will serve  commitment  letters);    any  necessary  governmental  approval  for access, such as curb cuts or  entrances;  any  wetlands  or    environmental  approvals  and  permits; and any subdivision or lot division approvals, in each case  in    form  and  subject  only  to  conditions as are reasonably acceptable to Landlord and Tenant (coll ecti   vely, the  GovernmentalApprovals ). Governmental Approvals shall in no  event,  however,    include  (i) any approvals, permits, licenses or authorizations for the installation of Tenant s  Work  or   installation (or placement or operation) of  any  of  Tenant s  furniture,  fixtures,  equipment  or  other   personal property (as the case may be,  Tenant s Installations ) or for Tenant s lntended Operations   or (ii) a temporary or permanent certificate of  occupancy  (whic h  Landlord  shall secure as   hereinafter provided in connection with  Substantial  Completion).  Governmental Approvals shall   include any subdivis ion  or  lot  division approvals  required  for the sole purpose of having the   Leased Parcel and Imp rovements thereon taxed as a separate tax tract or tax parcel ( Tax Lot Division   Approval   provided,  however,  that,  if  Landlord  cannot  obtain  the  Tax Lot Division Approval   after having used diligent, good faith efforts to obtain the  same,  then Landlord may at any time   thereafter elect to excl ude the Tax Lot Divis ion Approval from the Governmental Approvals, upon   which Landlord  shall have no further obligations with  respect to  the Tax Lot Division Approval. As    Used herein  Final ApprovaJ  is when all  of  the Governmental Approvals (x) have been issued  by    all  appropriate  governmental  entities  or agencies and either (I) the  time  allowed  for an  appeal    has  lapsed (or will  have  lapsed  prior  to the Anticipated Possession Date  or  Updated  Anticipated    Possession  Date,  as  applicable  (and each as defined herein), or (2) any appeals or litigation that may   have been filed or initiated with respect to any of the Govenunental Approvals have been prosecuted   and  resolved  in  a  manner which  is satisfactory to  Landlord  and  Tenant  and  are  not subject  to    remand  to  lower courts  or      

Append ix I, Page I I    gove rnmental entit ies or age ncies ; or (y) in the case of any applicable Third Parties are either   finalized and in effect or have been otherwise agreed to. Additi onally, the  Governmental Approvals   shall not prohibit, interfere with (other than in a de minimis fashion), or unreasonably delay Tenant   from obtain ing aJI necessary operating  permits  and  approvals  for  Tenant s Intended Operations;   impose any cond itions or restrict io ns that would result, other than in a de minimis fashion, in   Tenant s having to incur other than  standard  and/or  normal  costs  for  Tenant s use of the  Leased   Parcel  for  Tenant s  Intended  Operations;  or  restrict Tenant  s  abibty to change its use of the Leased   Parcel to another use permitted by Section 5 of this Lease (and  which other use is reasonably   consistent with or related to Tenant s Intended  Operations  at  the time of Landlord s  filing its  first   application  for  Governmental  Approvals).      (b) At any time and from time to time, Tenant shall have the right (but not an  oblrgation)   to review Landlord s records pertaining to Governmental Approvals and/or  to accompany or monitor   Landlord in applying for, pursuing, securi ng and/or co mplyi ng with the requirements for issuance   of any or all of such Governmental Approva ls;  provided,  however , that (i) no s uch actions taken   by Tenant  shall  relieve  or  release  Landlord  from  any  of  its obligat io ns under this Lease with   respect to such Governmenta l Approvals and  (ii) Tenant shall not in any respect interfere with    Landlord  s  performing  such obligations.  Further notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  if   Landlord     requests   Tenant  s   consent   to  any  submissio n, co nd ition, requirement, or other  matter    concerning  the Governmental  Approvals, Tenant  shall not unreasonably withho ld, cond iti on or   delay the same. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the granting of any such consent shall not constitute   any acknowledgement or agreeme nt by Tenant  that the subm ission , co ndit io n, requirement or   other matter is in comp liance with Law, that the same is co mplete , or that the same places any lia   bility, responsibility or obligation upon Tenant with respect thereto in co nnect io n with the   performance of the Landlord Work (except to the  extent (if any) that Tenant shall have expressly   agreed the1 eto in writing to accept such liab ility, responsibility or obligatio n), all of which remain   the responsibi lity of Landlord.      (c) In the event that Landlord,  notwithstanding Landlord  s  diligent ,  good faith efforts to   pursue the same, determines that Landlord  will  not  be able to obtain  Final  Approval  prior to the   one-year anniversary of the Effective Date (the  Approvals De adline ), then Landlord shall provide   written notice thereof to Tenant no later than five (5) business days after the Approvals Deadline and   Tenant may, but shall have no obligation to, thereafter attempt to obta in Final Approval at Tenant s   sole cost and expense. If Tenant so elects to  attempt  to  obtain  Final Approval, Tenant shall give   Landlo rd written notice of such election (a  Take-Over Election ) within twenty (20) business   days after Landlord  s notice  under  the  immediately  preceding sentence or, if Landlord has not   secured the Fina l Approval by the Approvals Deadline (even if Landlord has failed to provide such   notice of failure) , within twenty (20) business days after the Approva ls Deadline. If Tenant makes a   Take-Over Election then Tenant shall pursue Final Approval diligently and in good faith for 180   days following the Approvals Deadline plus, with respect to any Governmental Approvals issued but   appealed during such 180 - day period and/or  for which all required submissions have been made by   Tenan t (and  any  applic a ble  public hearing has closed) and only a decision by the applicable   authorit y is pending,  up  to  an  additional  240 days (as the case may be,  the  Extended Approvals    Deadline ).      (d) If, despite Tenant hav in g made a  Take-Over  Elect io n,  Final  Approval  has  not   occ urred  by the  Extended  Approvals Deadline,  or  if Tenant shall not have made a timely  Take-      

Appendix 1, Page 12    Over Election, then in either such  case  (as  applicable)  an  Approvals  Co ntingenc y  Failure  shal   I be deemed  to  have  occurred.  Notwithstanding anything  to the contrary contained  herein, in  the    event  of  an  Approvals   Continge ncy  Failure,   (i)   the   parties   shall  have   no   fwther obli ga t   ions hereunder to pursue any Governmental Approvals or Final Approval, ( ii) Landlord shall have   no obligat io n to  perform the Landlor d  Work. perform any other co nditi on precedent  to the   occurrence of the Possessio n Date or deliver any of the  materials  required  under Section  IV of this   Appendix l , (iii) the Possession  Date shall  be  thereby  deemed  to  have occurred  and (iv)   notwithstanding anything in t his Appendix 1 to the contrary Tenant shall not be required to pay to   Landlord any amounts payable to Landlo rd  under this  Appendix  1 or be  responsible  for any costs,   expenses or impositions incur red by Landlord for any reason whatsoever und er this Appendix  1.      Notwithstanding anythin g  to  t he  contra ry co ntain ed  herein,  in  no event  shal l e ithe r Landlord   or Tenant have any right  to terminate  this  Lease on account of the fail ure for any reason of the   Final Approval to have occurred or  of  the  Landlord  Work  to  have  been  comple ted. Tn the event   of any Approvals Co ntjngency Failure, Tenant shall, to t he extent otherwise permitted by the terms   and provisions of this Lease, have the right to elect to secu re i:tpprovals fo r and construct   improvements on the Leased Parcel provided, however , that such work by Tenant s hall in no event   be deemed Landlord Work nor sha ll Landlord  otherwise have any responsibilitie s with respect   thereto  under this Appendix   1.   Ill. Possession Date/Completion of Construction.   (a) The date upon  which Landlord  delivers  to Tenant  exclusive phys ica l  possession   of the Leased Parcel with all of  Landlor d Work  Substant ia lly Completed  shall be deemed  to  be   the   Possession Date,   subject,  however,  to  the  provision s  of  the  last  sentence  of  this paragraph.   As  ind icated  on  the preliminary const ructio n  sc hedule attached  as  Appendix  4  to thi s Lease   (the  Preliminary  Construction  Schedule ),  as  of  the  Effective  Date,  the Possession   Date  is    anticipated  to  occur  on or  before 20_     (as such date   may be extended by reason of the occurrence of an event covered by Section 32 of this Lease (a  Force   Majeure Event  ), any Tenant Delay  or  any  Change  Orders,  the   Anticipated Possession Date ).   At such time  as  final  bids  for  all  subcontractors  for  the  Landlord  Work shall have been awarded   and the Final Approval shall have occurred. Landlord shall submit to Tenant, for Tenant s review and   approval as set fo1ih below , au update to the Preliminary Construction Schedule (the  Updated   Construction Schedule ) with a proposed, updated Anticipated Possessio n Date (as such date may   be extended by Force Majeure Events,  Tenant Delays or Change Orders,  the   Updated  Anticipated    Possession  Date  ),  and  indicating  the date that will be the Commencement Deadline. The Updated    Construction  Schedule  shall  be subject to Tenant s review and approval, which shall not be   unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditio ned and, in any event, shall be lim it e d to those items   thereof tha t have been changed by Landlord since Tenant s prior approval of the Construction   Schedule and that differ from the Preliminary Consh uctionSchedule. T he Updated Construction   Schedule approved by Landlord and Tenant shall supersede and replace the Preliminary Construction   Sched ule. As used herein,  Construction Schedule  shall mean the Preliminary Construction    Schedule  or,  upon  the approval thereof by Landlord and Tenant, the Updated Construction Sched   ule , as a pplicable.  In no event shall Tenant have any obligat ion to accept possession of the Leased    Parcel on any date  prior to the Updated  Anticipated  Possession  Date  set  forth  in  the  Updat ed  Co   nstruct io n Schedu le approved by Tenant.  In the event the  Landlord  Work is Substantially   Completed  prior to   the   Update d   Anticipated  Possessio n   Date   but  Tenant  elects ,  in  its    sole  and absolute      

Appendix l, Page 13    discretion, not to accept early possession of the Leased Parcel, then the Possession Date for all   purposes under this Lease shall be the earlier to occur of (i) the Updated Anticipated Possession   Date set forth in the Updated Construction Schedule, or (ii) such eadier date on which Tenant   agrees, in Tenant s sole and absolute discretion, in w rit ing to accept possession of the Leased   Parcel.      (b) (i)       Landlord   covenants   and   agrees   to   give  Tenant:  ( I )   pe riodic  ,  written cons   truct io n status  reports  during  the  progress  of  the  Landlord  Work,  describing  (without limitation)   any delays to in  the  progress  of  the  Landlord  Work  due  to  Force  Majeure  Events,  either to date or   since the date of Landlord s  prior  report,  and  the  Landlord s  actions  or  planned actions to mitigate the   effect of any suc h Force Majeure Events, and indicat ing the status  of construction relative to  the  Updated    Construction  Schedule  approved  by  Tenant,  such  periodic status reports to be given every two (2)   weeks during the first  six  (6)  weeks  of construction,  and weekly thereafter  until  Subs tantial    Completion  of  the  Landlord  Work;  (2)  copies  of  all construction lo an requis itio n  requests  (on    current  AJA  forms)  submitted  by  Landlord  in connection with the funding of the Landlord  Work,    which  copies  shall  include  copies of  a ll invoices from app licab le  Landlord  Contractors  and  material    suppli e rs  and copies  of  any certificatio ns  from  the  Architect  or  other  Design  Professionals,   in    each  case  as  required   by  and as shall have been sub mitted in connection with  the requis itio ns;  (3)    at  the  time of submission  of any loan requisi1ion  (and  regardless  of  whether  the same  is or  is  not    required  to be  submitted  to the le nder as part of  the  requisition)  a certification  indic at ing  those  funds   disbursed  to  date  for each line item of the Project Budget and that the  undisbursed  balance  for  each    line  it e m  is  sufficient  to  complete  each  such  line  item;   (4)  at  least sixty (60) days advance  written    notice of the date upon which Landlord then estimates Substa ntial  Comp let ion of  the  Landlord  Work    to  occur (such notice being the  60-Day Possession  Notice    and  (5)  at  least  thirty  (30)  days    advance  written   notice   of  the   date  upon  which  Landlord  then estimates  Substantia l  Completion   of the  of  the  Landlord  Work  to  occur  (such  notice  being  the   30-Day  Possession  Notice ), which   estimated date of Substant ial  Comp  le tion  as  set  forth  in  the  30-Day  Possession  Notice shall be no   lat er than the Updated Anticipated Possession Date  (as  such  date  may  have  been  extended for Force   Majeure Events, Tenant Delays and Change Orders as hereinabove expressly provided). Landlord  covena   nts  that  the  actual  Possession  Date  shall  occur  by  no  later  than  the first  to  occur of  (i)  the  Updated    Anticipated  Possession  Date  (as  such  date  may  have  been extended for Force Majeure Events,  Te   nant  Delays  and  Change  Orders  as  herein  expressly provided) or (ii) the  estimated  date  of  Substantial    Completio n  as  set  fort h  in  the  30-Day Possession Notice as such date may  be  extended  due  to    Tenant  Delays  and  Change  Orders  as  herein expressly provided or, on  not  more  than  one  occasion,    due to  an  Event  of  Force Majeure (the earlier to occur  of  such  dates  (i)  or  (ii)  being  herein  referred    to  as  the   Possession Deadline ).      (ii) lf the actua l Possession Date bas not occurred by the Possession Deadline then   Tenant, as its so le and  exclusive remedy therefor, shall have the  right to  an abatement  of  rent as   follows: (x) an abatement of one hundred fifty (150%) percent of the daily Base Rent for  each day   that the actua l Possession Date has  not occurred  by the Possession  Deadline  up to  the date that is   thirty (30) days beyond the Possession Deadline;  and  (y)  an  abatement  of  two  hundred (200%)   percent of the daily Base Rent for each  day  that  the actual  Possession  Date has not occurred by the   Possess ion Dead line beyond such thirty (30) days. It is acknowledged by the parties  that,  inasmuch    as  time  is of  the essence with  respect to  the occurrence of  the Possession      

Date, the rental abatements provided for under the preceding sentence are a material inducement   to Tenant s execution of this Lease.      (iii) The tenn   Substantially Complete,   Substantial Completion     Substantially Completed  or other grammatical variants  of  any  thereof, as  used herein, shall   be defined to mean Landlord s tender of delivery of exclusive physical possession of the  Leased Parcel   to Tenant with the following conditions  substantially  performed,  satisfied  and  complied with: (i)   the Landlord Work shall have  been  completed  in  accordance  with  the  Work Plans, subject to only    Change  Orders and  Punchlist  Items;  ( ii) Certificates  of  Substantial  Completion (as defined herein)   shall have  been delivered to Tenant; ( iii) a temporary or permanent ce1tificate  of occupancy for the   Building (and for the 100 Che lmsford Build ing, but only if and to the extent required by Law sole   ly on account of  the Landlord  Work  having  been  undertaken)  shall  have been  iss ued  by the   applicable  governmental  authority,  with a copy  thereof delivered  to  Tenant;   (iv) water and all other uti Iit ies s hall have been connected to, and shall be available to the Leased   Parcel in accordance with applicable Laws and the Work Plans; (v) Final Approval shall have   occurred; and (vi) all conditions and obligations  of  Landlord  as  expressly set  forth  under  this Lease   to have been performed by Landlord on or before Substant ia l Complet ion shall have been completed   and satisfied. If at the time of Substantial  Completion  any  aspect  of  Landlord s Remedial Work   (includin g  without  limitation  continu ed  testing  or  monitoring)  remains  outstand ing as   contemplated under the last sente nce of Section VIII(b) below then, at the time of Substantia l Co mp   let ion, Landlord shall certify the same to Tenant, which certification shall describe in reasonable detail   the remaining Landlord  s Remedial Work. S ubstantia l Completion shall also require , subject to   completion of Punch.list ltems and subject to Change Orders, the construction, paving and light in g,   and availability for access to and from  and  parking  on  the Leased Parcel by Tenant and/or Tenant s   employees, agent, contTactors and business invitees in Tenant s Intended Operations oh the Project   Site, of those driveways and access points and the parking area improvements situated on the Project   Site in accordance wit h the Work Plans, as applicable. As used herein ,  Tenant s Intended   Operations  shall mean offices, research and develo pment, and light manufacturing and other le ga   lly  pennitted  activities  in  suppo,t  of Tenant s business of designing and supplying high performance   semico nductors as conducted in accordance with Ten ant   s customary business practices as  of  the    Effective Date.  References herein to Tenant s intended Operations shall not derogate from,  interfere    with  or  otherwise  prevent or delay Tenant s tights to change its  use to another  use as  permitted    under Section 5 of this  Lease.      (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in  the  event  that Landlord   causes the issua nce of a te mporary certificate of occupancy (rather than a permanent certificate of   occupancy) under the preceding subsectio n (b), Landlord shall remain obligated to cause the   issuance. of a permanent certificate of occupancy for the Building (and for the 100 Chelmsford   Building, but only if and to the extent required by Law solely on account of the Landlord Work having   been undertaken) and to  deliver  a  copy  of  the  same  to  Tenant. Notwithsta nding the foregoing or   anything to the contrary  contained  herein,  however,  in  no event shall Landlord be required to   cause the issuance (or deliver a copy) of a temporary or permanent certificate of occupancy to the   BuHding , or to the building located on the 100 Chelmsford Parcel (the   100 Chelmsford   Building ), to the extent that Landlord sha ll be prevented from doing so due to the in com p let io n   of any work or insta llat io n of any fi xt ures or equ ipment  that is not  Landlord  s responsibjlity to   perfom1 or  undertake  under this Lease    (such         Appendix 1,  Page 14      

Appendix l , Page 15    as, for example , any  Te nant s  Work or Tenant s  Installations ,  as each such  term is defined in this   Lease ) or under the 100 Chelmsford Lease (such as, for example, any Tenant s Work or Tenant  s   Installatio ns, as each such term is defined in the l 00 Chelmsford  Lease),  until  such time as such   work or  installations  have been  completed  by Tenant.      (d) The obligat io n of Landlord  to  timely deliver possession  of  the Leased Parcel   to   Tenant   in  accordance  with  the  ,te m s  of  this  Lease  after  Landlord   has  given   the    30-Day   Possession Notice shall not be extended for any reason  (other than due  to a Tenant Delay or, on not   more than one occasion , due to a  Force  Majeure  Event)  unless  Tenant  consents to  such delay in   a Change Order entered  into pursuant  to the provisions of Section  l(I) of  this  Appendix   !,   or  Tenant  otherwise  consents  to  such  delay  in  writing,  in  Tenant  s  sole  and absolute   discretion.      (e) Following  Substantial  Complet ion  of  the  Landlord  Work,  Tenant  and   Landlord   shall work together cooperatively  and  promptly  determine  any  Punchlist  Items  within  thirty  (30)   days  following  s uch  Substantial  Completio n.   Landlord   shall   promptly  and   properly  complete   the Punchlist Items by not later than within  thirty (30) days following  suc h time as  the  Punchlist    Items  has  been  detennined  (the  Punchlist   Period ).   For   purposes  hereof,   Puncblist  Items    sha ll be defined as those incomplete items of the Landlord Work which, in Tenant s reasonable   determination,  do  not  interfere,  other  than  to  a  de  minimis  extent,  with  Tenant s  ability  to   occupy the Leased Parcel for Tenant s Lnstallations and, upon  completjon  thereof,  for  Tenant s   fntended   Operations  on   the   Leased  Parcel.     If  Landlot d   shall   fail  to  complete  any  Punchlist   It e ms within the  applicable  Punchlist  Period.  then  Tenant  may,  at  its  option,  without  waiving    any  other  rights  of  Tenant  (except  as  otherwise  ex  pressly  set  fo1th  below  in  this  paragraph),   elect to  complete  such  Punchlist  Items  by  notfoe  to  Landlord.    In  the  event that Tenant  so elects   to  complete  such  Punchlist  Items,  Tenant s  actual,  reasonable,  costs  of  completion   of   the   Punchlist   Ite ms   paid  out-of-pocket  to   unaffiliated   third   pai1ies  plus  an  additional   ten  percent   (I 0%) of  said  cost  for  Tenant  s  adminis trat  ive  fees (collective ly,  Reimbursable  Costs ) shall   be reimbursed by Landlord within thirty (30)  days  of  Tenant  s  demand  therefor  containing    reasonable documentation of such  Reimbursable  Costs,  as  Tenant s  sole  monetary  remedy  on   account of such Punchlist Items being uncompleted  and  Tenant s  election  to  have  completed  the   same. If within such thirty  (30)  day  period,  Landlord  sha ll  fa il  to  reimburse  Tenant  as  so   required, Tenant may, at its  option,  deduct  the  amount  of  such  Reimbursable  Costs  from  Rent   and/o r any  other  sums  then  or  thereafter  due  to  Landlord  under  this  Lease;  provided,  however ,   that if during  such  thirty  (30)  day  period  Landlord  commences  an  Arbitration  proceeding    contesting  Tenant s  claim  for  any  such  Reimbursa ble   Costs  then  Tenant   may  not  deduct  any   such amounts until it has been determined in such Arbit ration that Tenant is entitled to do so.   Notwithstand ing anything to the  contrary  contained  here in,  in  the  event  that  any  particular   Punchlist [terns cannot be completed by Landlord within  the  required  Punchlist  Period  due  to   seasonal restrictions,  then  the  Punchlist  Period  shall, fo r such  pa1ticular  ite ms  onl y,  be  extended   to allow  for the work to  be complet ed   as   soo  n thereafter  as is  reasonably appropriate.      (f) Notwithsta nding anything to the contrary  contained  herein ,  any  item  of  the Landlord   Work as is set  fo11h  in  the  Tenant  approved  Construction  Schedule  to  be  performed  after the     Project Completion Date   (each.  a  ..Post-Possession  Items ) shall be  subs tantia lly comp leted by   Landlord in accordance with  the  Construc t io n  S ched  ule  subject  to delays due to Force    Majeure         

Appendix l , Page 15    Events,    Change    Orders    and    Tenant    Delays    (the    Post-Possesison   Work      

Appendix I , Page 16    Period ) and in no event shall Substantial Completion of the Landlord Work require substantial   comp letion of any Post-Possession Items. If Landlord shall fail to complete any Post  Possession   Items during the Post-Possession Work Period, then Tenant may, at  its  option, without waiving   any other rights of Tenant (except as otherwise expressly set forth below in this paragraph), elect   to complete such Post-Possession Items by  notice to Landlord.  In the event that Tenant so elects   to complete such Post-Possession Items, Tenant s actual, reasonable, costs of completion of the   Post-Possession Items paid out-of-pocket to unaffiliated third parties plus an additional ten   percent (10%) of said costs for Tenant s administrative fees (collectively,  Post-Possession   Reimbursable Costs ) shall be reimbursed by Landlord within thirty (30) days of Tenant s   demand therefor containing reasonable documentation of such Post-Possession Reimbursable   Costs, as Tenant s sole monetary remedy on account of such Post-Possession Items being   uncompleted and Tenant s election to have completed the same. If  within  such thirty (30) day   period, Landlord shall fail to reimburse Tenant as so required, Tenant may, at it s option, deduct   the amount of such Post-Possession Reimb ursable Costs from Rent and/or any other sums then   or thereafter due to Landlord under this Lease ; provided, howe ver, that if during such thirty (30)   day period Landlord commences an Arbitration proceeding contesting Tenant s claim for any   such Post-Possession Reimbursable Costs then Tenant may not deduct any such amounts until it   has been determined in such Arbitration that Tenant is entitled to do so. Notwithstand ing   anything to the contrary contained here in , in the event that any particular Post-Possession Items   cannot be completed by Landlord within the required Post-Possession Period due to seasona l   restrictions, then the Post Possession Work Period shall, for such particular items only, be   extended to allow for t11e work to be completed as soon thereafter as is reasonably appropriate.      (g) l f and to the extent permitted  by applicable Laws, Tenant  may, at  its option ahd at   its risk, (i) enter the Leased Parcel on or after the date that Landlord has given  the  60-Day Possession   Notice (such date being the  Wiring Date ) for the  purpose  of  installing  wiring, cabling and conduit   for such wiring and cabling for  Tenant s  equipme11t,and  (ii)  enter  the  Leased Parcel on or after   the date that Landlord has given  the  30-Day  Possession Notice {such date bei11g the  Entry Date ),   for the pw-pose of perfonning  Tenant s  Installations  and  otherwise preparing for Tenant  s Intended   Operations on  the  Leased  Parcel;  provided,  however, that (i) such entries by Tenant shall not hinder   Landlord  in  completion  of  the Landlord  Work, and  (ii) Tenant s  general  liability  insurance   (or   self-insutance therefot),  as  described  in Section 9 of this Lease, shall be in force and effect  during   each  such  entry.  Such entry  by Tenant shall  not constitute (x) acceptance of the Landlord Work   as being Substantially Completed or (y) the Possession  Date.  Landlord  sha ll  use  commercially    reasonable  efforts  to   have   permanent electr ica l power extended to the Building by the Wiring    Date.  lf  Landlord  is unable for  any reason to have pennanent ele c trical power exte nded to the   Building by the Wiring Date, then Landlord shall notify Tenant in writing by no later than the Wiring   Date, describing the actions Landlord intends to take to assure that permanent electrical power will be    extended  to  the  Building as soon as reasonably practicable after the Wiring Date, and stating the   date by which Landlord estimates such power connection will be completed, so that Tenant can   schedule the installation of its communications line for the Building. Landlord covenants to have   pennanent electrical   power extended  to  the Building by no later than  the Entry Date.      

Appendix l , Page 17    IV. Possession Date Deliverables.      (a) On or before the Possessjon Date, Landlord will deliver to Tenant each and all of   the following:      (i) Cert ification letters from the Architect, Civil Engineer, project structural   eng ineer, fire suppression cons ulta nt, and any other applicable professional consu ltants involved   in the preparation of the Work Plans or any portion thereof (collectively, the  Design   Professionals ), certifying that the portions of the Landlord Work shown on the Work Plans for   which each such Design Professional is responsible has been performed and completed in   substantial accord ance with the Work Plans (sub ject to any Change Orders), each such Design   Professiona l ce1iification lette r to be prepared from and materially consistent with the form of   certification Je tter attached as Appendix 5 to this Lease (the  Certificates of Substantial   Completion ).      (ji) A copy  of  the temporary or  permanent  certificate  of occupancy  for the   Building.      (iii)   A copy of any new temporary or pennanent certificate of occupancy  for   the   100 Chelmsford Buildin g, but only if and to the extent required by Law sole ly on account of the   Landlord Work havin g been undertaken.      (b) Within sixty (60) d ays after the Possession Date (the  Post-Possession Materials   Period ), Landlord will deliver to Tenant each and all of the following:      (i) Copies of heating and air conditioner  manufac turer  s  warranties  of  the  type   and for the duration as may have been required by the Wotk Pla ns, and copies of ahy other   manufacturer s and/or insta ller s warranties relating to tbe Landlord Work of the type and for the durat   ion as may have been required by the Work Plans (including but not limited to and at a minimum a   15-year mate rials roof manu facturer warranty; a 5-year roof instaJJation war ranty including all roof   components (flashing, co ping, sc uppers, drains, c urbs, awnin gs, etc.); and a 2- year paving warranty),   together  with Landlord s non-exclusive  assignment of a]I s uc h warranties  to  Tenant.      (ii) Final lien waivers ( Lien Waivers ) for all labor, suppliers, materialmen ,   contractors and subcontractors performing work (each, a  Job ) pertaining to the Landlord Work   valued in excess of$ I 0,000, together with a true and complete list of all such laborers, suppliers,   materialmen, contractors and subcontractors   performing any suc h work.      (iU) A final and completed ALTA survey of the Landlord  s Parcel certified to   Tenant and, if requested by Tenant , any title insurance company issuing lease hold title insurance   for the benefit of Tenant.      (iv)   Any and all other instr uments that are specifically required to be provided   or delivered to Tenant pursuant to the final specifications included in the Work Pla ns.      If Landlord shall fail to deliver any of Lien Waivers for any Jo b (whether  valued at more or Jess   than  $10,000)  then,   until  such  time  as  Landlo rd  shall  deliver  the  same,   Landlord  agrees  to      

Appe ndi x J , Page 18    indemnify and hold ha rml ess Tenant on account of any cla ims of non -payment fo r any such Job   (such indemnification to be without Tenant s  waiving  any  rights  with  respect  to  the  delivery of   any item required under item ( ii) imm ediately above). If Landlord shall fa il to deliver any of the   items required to be delivered under items (i}, (iii) or (iv) immediately above (the  Applicable Post-   Possession Materials ) during the  Post-Possession  Materials  Peri od,  then  Tenant  may,  at its   option, without waiving any other right s of Tenant (except as otherw ise ex pressly set forth below   in this paragraph), elect by notice to Landlord to take such actions as shall be reasonably necessary in   order to cause any such Applicable Post- Possession  Materials  to  be  delivered  to Tenant. ln the  event    that Tenant  makes  such e lection  then  Tenant s  actual,  reasonable, costs  paid out-of-pocket to un   affiliated third parties in doing so plus an addit iona l te n percent (10%) of said costs for Ten ant  s   administrative fees (collectively,  Materials  Reimbut sable  Costs ) shall be  reimbursed  by    Landlord  within  thjrty  (30)  days of  Tenant s   demand  therefor  containin g reaso nable   documentation of such Materials Reimbur sa ble Costs,  as  Tenant  s  sole  monetary remed y on   account of such Applicable Post-Possession Materials being undelivered by Landlo rd and Tenant s   election to have caused the delivery thereof. lf within such thitty (30) day period, Landlord shall fail   to reimbur se Te nant as so req uir ed, Tenant may, at its option, deduct the amount of such Materials   Reimbursable Costs from  Rent  and/or  any  other  sums  then  or  thereafter due to Landlord under    this  Lease; provided,  however,  that  if  during such  thirty  (30) day period Landlord comme nces an   Arbitration proceeding contesting  Tenant  s  claim  for  any  such Materials Reimbursable Costs then   Tenant may not deduct any such  amo unts un til it has been determined in such Arbit ratio n that   Tenant is e ntitle d to do so.      V. Commencement  Certificate.  At  the  request  of  e it her  party  following   su ch time as any of the following factual matters shall have  been  co nclus ively  determined hereund   er, Landlord and Tenant shall exec ute and deliver one or more written in struments, in mutually   agreeable form, memorial iz ing, to the extent then conclu s ively determined:  {i) whether an Approva   ls Co ntingency Fail Lire shall or shall no t have occurred; (ii) the occ urrence of any of the  Substantial    Com plet ion  of  the  Land lo rd  Work,  the  Possession   Date   and/or   the Commen cement Date; (iii)   the actual dates of the term of this Lease inclu ding any Optio nal Extension Terms  (and  the  Option    Exercise  Deadlines  applica ble  thereto);  and/or (iv) the  Base Re nt.      VI. Landlord Warranty and Repair. Landlord warrants that (i) as of the   Possession Date, the Building as co nstructe d shall be structurally sound and the Landlo rd Work shall   be Substantia lly Co mpleted , in complia nce with all applica ble Laws, the Governmental Approva ls   and the REA; and (ii ) as  o f  the Possess ion Date, the Landlo rd Work on the Project  Site shall be   constructed in accordance with all  applicable  Laws  and  in  accordance  with  the Work Plans. The   warranties of Landlord set forth  in this Section VI constitute Tenant  s sole and  exc lusive remedy   against Landlo rd under this Lease, at law or in eq uity  o n  acco unt of  any defects in or other   conditions regarding Landlord s Work,  any  or  a ll  other  warrantjes  being  hereby expressly   disclaimed by Tenant. T he foregoing warranties shall te rm i nate on the one ( I ) year anniversary of   the Possession Date, the Landlord  Work  shall  be  free  from  defects  in materials and workmanship.   In the event of a breachof Landlord  s  warranty under the foregoing clause (ii), Tenant shall notify   Landlord thereof prior to the  conclusion  of  such  one (I)  year period, suc h notice to contain a   reasonably detailed description  of  the  breach  and  any  repair and/or replacement  required  in  order    to  cure  said  breach. Tenant s  failure  to  give  any  such notice in a t jmely fashion sha ll const itute   Tenant  s  waiver of any right  to  bring such a  warranty      

Appendix l , Page 19    claim thereafter. Landlord, at Landlord s sole cost and expense, and within thhty (30) days   following receipt of such written notice from Tenant , shaJI co rrect suc h deficiency (or, i11 the   event any such work cannot reasonably be completed by Landlord within such thi1ty (30) days,   commence the performance of such work during such thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligent   ly pt Osecute the completion of such work to completion). Landlord agrees to assign or cause each   of the Landlord Contractors to assign to Tenant all conh actors  , subcontractors  , and/or material   suppli e rs  guarantees or warrant ies whic h relate to any construct io n work concerning which   Tenant shall have the obligation under this Lease to make repairs or perform maintenance , such   assignment to be effective no later than from and after the conclusion of such one (l)  year period.     Notwithstanding the foregoing, to  the extent that any such  guarantees   or   warrantees are not so assignable to Tenant or are not so assigna ble to Tenant without additional   payment,  then  Landlo rd shall cause the same  to be issued  or  re-issued m Tenant s name (at   Landlord s cost and expense), failing which Landlord will, upon Tenant  s written request from   time to time, enforce the same for the benefit of Tenant (but at the sole cost of Tenant).      VTI.  Tenant  Delays.  Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  herein,   in no event shall Landlord be responsible for any delays in the development, review, revision and   approval of the Work Pla ns, the Project Budget. the Construction Schedule or any Change Orders,   in the commencement, performance, Substantial Completion or completion of Landlord Work, or   in the delivery of a certificate of occupancy or any items required to be delivered under this   Appendix 1 to the extent due to of any of the following (each a  Tenant Delay ):      1. Tenant s failme  to respond  to a  request for approval  or  consent  as and   when required under the terms of this Appendix 1;      ii. any Change Order required (and not withdrawn) by Tenant;   111. any early entry by Tenant under Section lll (g) of this Appendix 1 above;   1v. the  discovery  of  OHM  (as  defined   herein)   an d/or   performance  of   Landlord s Remedial Work; or      v. any other act or omissio n of Tenant or its officers, agents, servants or contractors   in violation or breach of any of Tenant  s obligationsunder this Lease.      No Tenant Delay shall apply unless Landlord has notified Tenant of Landlord s claim as to a   Tenant Delay promptly upon Landlord s becoming aware of the condition or activity which   Landlord has determined may be the basis of a Tenant Delay. Further no twithstanding anything   to the contrary contained herein, in the event and to the extent that the Possession Date shall have   been delayed due to a Tenant Delay, then Tenant  s obligation under Section 3 of this Lease to   commence the payment of Rent sha ll be deemed to have commenced on the date that the   Possession Date would have occurred as provided by Tenant but for such Tenant Delay.      

Appendix 1, Page 20    VIII. Landlord s Remedial Work.      (a) The parties acknowledge that Tenant or a Tenant Predecessor owned and operated the   Leased Parcel prior to Effective Date, and fUJt her acknowledge and agree that other than Landlord  s   obligatio n to report the discoveryof OHM or to perform Landlord s Reme dial Work, under no   circumsta nces whatsoeve r shall Landlord  have any liability  to  Tenant on account of  any con   dition exist ing on or about the Leased Parcel (i) on the Effective  Date  or  (ii) otherwise due to the   act or omiss ion of  Te nant ,  a  Tenant  Predecessor or  any  other Tenant Entities.  Jf, prior  to    Substantial Completion  of  the  Landlord   Work,  Landlord discovers  the  presence of  oil   or a     hazardous material  (as those terms are defined in M.O.L. ch.21E  2, together referred  to as    OHM,,)) that requires reporting to the  Massachusetts  Department  of  Environmental Protection   ( MassDEP ) pursuant to M.G.L. ch. 21 E ( 21E  ) and/or the Massachusetts Contingency Plan   ( MCP ), Landlord shall make  such  report  to  the extent  required  by 2IE or the MCP, as the   responsible party  and shall remediate such OHM,  all  in  accordance with  21E  and  the  MCP    ( Landlord s  Remedial  Work ).  Landlord  shall  provide  Tenant  written  notice of the disco very   of such OHM no later than the ea rli e r of (i) the deadli ne by which notice must be made to the    MassDEP and (ii)  ten ( l 0) days of such discove ry.      (b) ln performing Landlord s Remed ial Work, Landlord shall have sole and absolute discre   tion over the mea ns and methods (provided they are in full com pliance with all applicable   Environmental Regulations), and Landlord shaJI have the right, but not the obligatio n, to utilize any   and all activity and use fonitations ( AULs )or other mechanjsmsunder the  MCP, such  as  tisk   assessments or use of alternative criteria, that will facilitate Landlord s Remed ial Work, provided that   such AULs or other mechanisms will not materially  interfere  with  Tenant s  Intended Operations   on the Leased Parcel. Landlord s Remedia l Work  shall  include  all  work necessa ry to complete the   remediation of OHM, in complia nce  w it h  Environmental  Regulations, including without li   mitation, removal o f soil, mo nito ring of  groundwa ter and/or  soil vapor, insta llati on of remedial   equipment s uch as vapor mit igat ion measu res, changes to the Improveme nts to prevent human   contact with OHM, and all lega l o r tec hnical  expenses associated with preparing or recordi ng any   AUL or Notice of AUL. Landlord sha ll ensure that Landlord s Remedial Work js complete  by  the    Possession  Date  to  the  extent  necessary  for Tenant to occupy the Leased Parcel for Tenant  s   Installations and,  upon completion  thereof,  use and occupy  the  Leased  Parcel  for Tenant  s  Intended    Operations,  it  being  understood  and agreed to by the parties,  however,  that  certain  aspects  of    Landlord  s  Remedial  Work,  such  as  groundw ater mo nito ri ng or preparatio n of an AUL, may   continue after the Possessio n Date. Notwithstandin g anything to the contrar y contained herein , to   the extent that any aspect of Landlord s Remedial Work (including without limitation continued   testing or monitoring) is not complete by the Possession Date, w hich incomp let ion shall not, othe   r than in a de minimis fashion, interfere with Tenant s lntended Operations, Landlord shall  pursue    completion  of Landlord s Remedial Work in a  commercially  reasonable  manner  and  timeframe    but  in  all events as required  by all applicable  Environmen tal  Regulation s.      IX. Landlord Transfers. Notwithsta nding anything to the contrar y contained   in this Lease, Landlord agrees that, prior to the Possession Date, without Tenan t s prior written consent,   which consent may be granted, or withheld, delayed or conditioned, in Lessee  s so le and absolute   discre tion, Landlord shall not sell or transfe r it s fee title to the Leased  Parcel nor shall any  contro   lling  interest  in  Landlord  be sold  or transferred  (aJ1y  s uc h sale  or transfer being a      

Appendix 1, Page 21     Landlord Transfer ) except in either case to a Qualified Landlord Transferee. As used herein,   a  Qualified Landlord Transferee  shall mean any of William Manley (the  Landlord   Principal ), a person or legal entity directly or indirectly controlling , controlled by, or in   common control with the Landlord Principal, an immediate family member of the Landlord   Principal, a trust for the benefit of the Landlord Principal or any such family member, or any heirs,   devisees, adminis trators, executors or other legal representatives of the estate of the Landlord   Principal. Notwithstanding the forego ing , the provisions of this Section IX shall not apply to (1)   the grant of any mo rtgage , deed of trust or similar security agreement to or for the benefit of an   Institutional Lender to secure debt of Landlord related to the Landlord s Parcel or portions thereof   or (2) a foreclosure by, or deed in lieu of foreclosure to or at the direction of, such Institutional   Lender (or its successors or assigns), but the provisions of this Section IX shall survive such   foreclosure (or deed in lieu of foreclosure) and shall apply to any subsequent sale or transfer by   the lender or other person or entity acquiring the Landlord s Parcel or such portions thereof at the   foreclosure sale (or by deed in lieu of foreclosure). As used herein,  Institutional Lender  shall   mean a state or federally chartered or regulated bank, savings bank, savings and loan association   , trust company, credit union or similar such ins titu tion , a life insurance company, pension plan,   employee benefit plan, REIT, REMIC, or trustee under a commercial mortgage backed securities   issue or similar conduit lende r, or an entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or in   common control with any of the foregoing so long as such entity has a combined capital and   surplus of not less than $50,000,000.00.      X. Dispute Resolution. Any dispute between Landlord and Tenant under this   Appendix 1 shall be resolved exclusively by Arbitration. Notwithstanding anything to the   contrary contained herein , to the extent that a party sha ll, by the express terms of this Appendix   !, be entitled to exercise its sole and absolute  discretion  as  to any  particular  matter,  the other  party   shall have no right seek the reversal, rescission or modification thereof  in any  Arbitration under this   Appendix 1; provided, however that nothing contained herein shall prevent the other party from   exercising any other right, outside of Arbitration, at law or in equity in connection therewith.      

Appendix 2 - Page I    APPENDIX2   PRELIMINARY PLANS      (appended hereto)      

MACOM HEADQUARTERS  CONCEPT DESIGN      

SITE PLAN      SGA COMMUNICATING COLLABORATING CREATING MACOM - CONCEPT DESIGN 0d 191612      

ARST FLOOR PLAN      83                                                 AREA    NEW BUILDING   GSF   22.858   CONNECTOR 5.5811   EXISTINGBUILDING 6.363   TOTALGSF 34,809   1 =30 -0    -.    MACOM   CONCEPT  OESIGN    04  19 16 I 3      

SECOND FLOOR PLAN      126    \,               100 CHELMSFORD                           AREA          GSF    NEW BUILDING 25,418          EXISTING BUILDING 2.288   TOTALGSF 30.087   SGA COMMUNICATING COLLABORATING  CREATING MACOM   CONCEPT DESIGN   04  19 .16 1 4   CONNECTOR 2.381               

VIEW OF ARRIVAL AT NEW BUILDING         SGA COMMUNICATING COLLABORATING CREATING MACOM   CONCEPT DESIGN   04 19 16 I 5      

VIEW OF ENRTY AND CAMPUS         SGA COMMU NICATING  COLLABORATING CR EATING MACOM   CONCEPT DESIGN   04 19 16 I 8      

VIEW OF ENRTV AND CAMPUS         SGA COMMUNICATING COLLABORATING CREATING MACOM   CONCEPT DESIGN   04 19 16 I 7      

VIEW OF NEW BUILDING - NORTH FACADE            $GA COMMUNICATING . COLLABO RATING . CREATING MACOM   CONCEPT DESIGN    04 19 16 i 8          4 SIDED SSG ALUMINUM CURTAIN                     

VIEW OF CONNECTOR AND EXISTING BUILDING                                 0                                              FRAME   GLASS ANO STEB. CANOl Y      

EAST FACADE                        SYSTEM   10   0  CANTILEVER    MACOM   CONCEPT DESIGN   04 19 16 I 10      

SGA COMMUN ICATING COLLABORATING. CREATING MACOM   CONCEPT DESIGN   04 19 16 I 11                                       VIEW OF ENRTV AND CAMPUS                                     O    O   (1    ::I   a.   X   ..N   -c      N      SYSTEM      

SGA COM MUNICATING. COLLABOFIATING  CAEATING MACOM   CONCEPT DESIGN 04 19 16 1 12                      WESTFACDE                                                    

APPEND1X3   PRELIMINARY  PROJECT BUDG T      (appended hereto)                                                                                                                           Appendix 3 - Page I      

G   s   w                     ESTIMATED BUDGET AT OFSEPTEMBER 16, 2016         Project COmpanents      Soft costs      Integrated Estimate calare Estimate SGA Estimate            144Chelmsford legal s 250,000   Architectural (ASSUMES A 10% DEDUCT FROM SGA) s  990,000   Engineering/Site                     :i -    O    O Project Management fee, payable to PM realtyGroup (3%) 372,6SO   :i commi ssion payable to Mark Mulvey $ 500,000   0x.     .,,   Other/Misc $ 155,000      Site Development  (see VE deducts)         I )   G 100  Chelmsford Street   s 3,324,872   N   Fa de(estimate based upon aluminum, no asbestos r S 500,000   Meeting roomsand Fitness Center s 1,143,249      144  Chelmford Street   All buildingshell and interiorimprovements   listed  In Integrated  Builders Sheet   (note exclusions)      121 Hale Street   Test Pits s 40,000   Topo/Geo Tech $ 75,000   Soil/Environmental $ 100,000   Surveys $ lS,000   Misc $ 80,000   Estimated Financing Costs     legal/Sank lega l/ Points/Appraisal $ 210,000   18   Months, Cost of Funds(interest) $ 675,000      s 12,421,665          $         289,948   s         17,679,734 s         2,472,6SO s         990,000      

Fa deImprovemesn(tmost recentIntegrated)            Sub Totals         Total      

Appe nd ix 3 - Page 3                INTEGRATED   BU I LDERS            ProJoch   Addreu:   Pro]. I:   Dole:         MACOM   1()().1 44 C ho lms lord Slroo l   Low e ll MA   16-18S   IOl/411/IG                     711A11.200S flh   ln! agralad Bulldara   302 Wtyn M)Uth SlfNI   Rocidllnd, MA 02370   www lntttra 711.42:l . l OJI FJl   Sit o lmproi.,omenlt                 J.ra.in gi:, llo((a.t; 1o;uh.i..lJ  1u,d indutl L-. 1.u,d pir,g1nJ huJ iCl!  rig       Alts   $3,324,872    Con tructio11   Budget   $3,324,872                   ronnctc                                                Accepted -$166,798   -$70,189 Accepted -$70,189          ConllnKI S l,!178 sr :uJdiiion In lbc cri.lhf 8 f :ic illlf . 111c ii ructu lo COf11l 1                   Not Acccprcd                            Not Aocepled                                  $0    $590,770 Accepted $590,770   , \h .rn ui11:. Th,u con 10 iloJuct the brid.gc- in lhc tOnn tDf m(lllding fint:lhc,   $0                       -ilh m,ne 1raids :uid end of is     $0                         n::r1,tkrings:, con itruct U a.t 10  bll with curtlm 11 2!1 nn c11hu , id c. Thii        $0             Not Acccpccd $0      

Appe nd ix 3 - Page 4                INTEGRATED   BUILDERS      bote: IIC:/OI/IO                                       73U .U. 2003 Ph   lntogratod Bulldora   3C2 WO) TT10IM S11Nt   ROd ltnd, MA 02370   www.ln1lf0l 1l .Cl0ffl 71U     1.l 018 F.lt     $2,411,153 $2,411,153       i        $868,853 Base Bid     $1,143,249 $0   AdcJ ( c    tmrro,-cmCflts 10 tl,c dfJUr11 I bk buiWmp; $289,948 $289,948     $500,000 $0    11rr n.1k :               $100,000 $100,000   .\ l1tnu 1r   $500,000 $0             C:uryingCmts    $600,000 $600,000       $300,000 $300,000    $ 50,000 $50,000    $17,679,734   Base Bid      \ lh m,11c;   Uwldou1 lhc Co,,(Cf Cflo: Ccn1tr and Cc:r,1t 1 on Im  fin1 Rao, ud 1ht      \ ll(t    l i.   fllll fl      

Integrated Builders   302 WeymoUlh Slreel   Rockland, MA 02370   www.integratedbuilde .oom   781.421.2003 Ph 781.421.2038 Fx                                 BUILDERS     From   Cli cnl s P lint nf Vic \\       ProJed   Address:         P10 Je cl lt:   MACOM   I 00-144 Chelmsford Stree t   Low ell . MA      16-185   Date:   SF Area:   S/3112016   63, 690                $20,000 0.31    02200 Sile lmprovemenls $1.834.297 28.80 $ 1.834,297   $0   02950 Londscoping $217.655 3.42 $217.655 $0 $0 $0   02951 Hordscoping    fencing $438.575 6.89 $438,575 $0 $0 $0   03100 Concrele Formw0 1  $ 115,166 1.81 $0 $11, 5 166 $0 $0   03200 Concrele Rein fo,cing $52.287 0.82 $0 $52,287 $0 $0   03310 Concrele Mol eriol - Foundolion $99,184 l.56 $0 $99.184 $0 $0   03400 Concrele Aolworl: $198.461 3.12 $0 $198,461 $0 $0   03510 Misc Concrele - lnlerior $13.450 0.21 $0 $10 , 250 $0 $3,200      

Integrated Builders   302 WeymoUlh Slreel   Rockland, MA 02370   www.integratedbuilde .oom   781.421.2003 Ph 781.421.2038 Fx      03510 Misc Concrele - Si le $272081 4.27 $272,081 $0 $0 $0   04000 Masonry $0 0.00 $0 $0 $0 $0   05120 s1ru, c ,..0  1 Steel $1.026.784 16 . 12 $0 $1.020.284 $0 $6,500   05500 Miscellaneous Melots $57.533 0.90 $0 $57.533 $0 $0   06100 Rough Corpenhy $248,071 3 .89 $10.890 $181.949 $47.248 $7.985      

Integrated Builders   302 Weymouth Slreel   Rockland, MA 02370   www.lnlogralo fbui de rs.oom   781.421.2003 Ph 781 .421 .2038 FX                        INTEGRATED   BU I LD E RS   From Cli t  Poim ol View        

Integrated Builders   302 Weymouth Slreel   Rockland, MA 02370   www.lnlogralo fbui de rs.oom   781.421.2003 Ph 781 .421 .2038 FX               CSI IDescnpt1on   I         Total Cost         Sf      Es1 1 . Site   Development   Est 2  Base Bu1ldong   Shell ACM Exterior   Chelmsford Street   Est 3   Base   Building   Interior   Improvements   Chelmsford St      Esti mate  4   Kitchen   06200 Finish Carpentry $0 0.00 $0 $0 $0 $0   06400 Arch itec lurol MillwCM1c $ 115 ,202 1.81 $0 $37.752 $69,950 $7,500   07110 Wot eiproofing / Domproofing $303.385 4.76 $0 $297.0 16 $0 $6.370   07210 lnsulo l ion $20 , 608 0 . 32 $0 $20,608 $0 $0   07270 Arestopping $23.581 0.37 $0 $20.081 $3.500 $0   07410 ACM Po n els O n Foscio $837.708 13 .15 $0 $837.708 $0 $0   07530 Membrone Roofing $226.900 3.56 $0 $226.900 $0 $0   07900 Coulking   Seo l on ts $15 ,000 0 . 2 4 $0 $15 ,000 $0 $0   08050 Doors. ffomes ond rtorclwore $1 47,762 2.32 $0 $54,662 $83.080 $10 ,020   08050 Speciolty Doors $34.140 0.54 $0 $27.340 $0 $6.800   08410 Gloss   Glazing   Exterior $ 1.814,292 28.49 $0 $1.814,292 $0 $0   08800 Gloss   Glazing - lnle ior $152.852 240 $0 $ 13 1.684 $21.168 $0   09250 Gypsum D,ywon $653,245 1026 $0 $305.675 $308.487 $39.083   09300 Ceramic   Stone $121.670 1.91 $0 $64 .618 $0 $57.053   09500 Acou stica l Cei1ings $ 207.625 3.26 $0 $25.81 1 $152.727 $29.087   09650 Res ili en t Flooling $37,535 0.59 $0 $17,631 $19.904 $0   09680 Carpeting $162723 2.55 $0 $0 $1 627 23 $0   09900 Poi n ttng   Wol l Covering $64.372 1.01 $0 $10 ,(XX) $50,792 $3.580   10250 To i le t Accessories   Po.rtitlons $25 ,239 0.40 $0 $24,882 $0 $358   10250 r e Extinguishers   Cobinels $23,480 0.37 $0 $22.760 $0 $720   10250 Misc Spec - Loc kers $9 ,6 10 0 . 15 $0 $0 $0 $9.610   10440 Sig nage $30.000 0.4 7 $0 $25.CXXJ $5 .000 $0   11160 Equipmen t. Looding Dock $8.848 0 .14 $0 $8.848 $0 $0   11400 Equipmen t. Food Service $5,940 0.09 $0 $0 $5.940 $0   12480 Roor Mots ond ffomes $7.310 0 .11 $0 $7.310 $0 $0             

Integrated Builders   302 Weymouth Street   Rockland, MA 02370   www.integratedbuilder.s.com 781.421 .2003 Ph 781.421.2038 Fx           Fromn Client  Poim of Vie\,        SF                            Low Voltage Systems (Te l/ Doto. Sec urity)         Permits (Building Permi tl   General Condi1ions   sting    Allowance   Design   Enginee ring   Construction Contingen cy   Builders Risk Insurance   Insuran ce Gene ral Liabili ty   Um brella Insurance   Constructio n Management  Fee:         $26,450   S1l    408 341   $164,252   $788.736   $0      $670.417         0.42   210 SJ      12.38   0.00   0.00      0.00            $34.633      $0   $0            $6.500   942   $97,179   $394,368         $396.647         $13.800      $23.872            $97.437         $6,150                  $34.975                       I 71J II                                  INTEGRATED                Chelmsto,cl St     12480 FF   E $0 0.00 $0 $0 $0 $0   12500 Window Treatmen t $0 0.00 $0 $0 $0 $0    13000 Construct Baque lles $58.670 0.92 $0 $58.670 $0 $0    14000 Elevotoo $170,000 2.67 $0 $170.000 $0 $0    15300 Fire Protection $180.248 2.83 $0 $88.098 $69,000 $23.150    15400 Plumbing $417,186 6.55 $0 $266.637 $7.000 $143.549    15500 HVAC $1. 31 4.787 20.64 $0 $743.304 $383.808 $187.675    16000 Bedricol $1.173.040 18 .42 $0 $595.398 $458.732 $118 .909          

Integrated Builders   302 Weymouth Streel   Rockland, MA 02370   www.lntogrotedbuilders.com   78L421.2003 Ph 781.421.2038 fx         ACM                         INTEGRATED   BUILDERS    From a Clicm  s Poinr or View..   CSI Dcscriptron Total Cost SF O   Est 1   SIie                           Est  2   Shell               Est  3      Base   r   Building    Interior                              Estimate 4 . Kitchen   evelopment Ch  J          f    S Improvements   e  ms ord   !reel Chelmstord St                   Allemote 18   Add 8oguelle on exisling Hole   Slreel Building I (35% lo 45% V.E. Savings If   Done Out  Of Aluminum in  lieu ot Terrocollo)      $639.324           Altemote 2   Hole Street   Foc;ode   improvement s      $289.948           Altemote 3   Add For Rtness ond Conference   Roominterior   Improvements      $1.143.249                          

APPENDIX4      PRELIMINARY CONSTRUCTION SCHEDULE      (appended hereto)                                                                                                                           Appendix 4 - Page I      

,  11            Lowell, M A   Preliminary Project Schedule               i. .. 11,, 11                        Che,rN llC De1.lp     Otsllfl      C.01\SUUWcW!                                           lwkf     Mon 11/211/15  H l l/XJ/11   10      11                                                           V  i;o, kn.rftl!LatJon Pt-tmit                           tri4/2.IJ17   fhu   W.. 1/1/U                                      J/                              000 5t-M,t11 Eqt,11ipmtn1   12wli:.!.   fhw g/11/17               1CD                     CC:r li l.(::vlo r.ip.:il IC t          IOWH    th1J 9/H/17      t n.t lgrf 1  0i.te   c.ertiflcl o,Oroip.anc,.i                                n -                          S.day,   Thu 7/M/ tl   Mon 8/U/H   Mori   8/l4/U         RHRIAd  TilnlltJKe                                                                                 )     O    O   ( 11   :   a   :i   .      .   i   .       ..          -0                                - - - - - - - - - - - - ..j            

APPENDIXS      FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION         [letterhead of professional]      -  -   -   -   -   -   - -         , 201      [144 Owner Name]   c/o Calare Properties, Inc.   43 Broad Street   Hudson , MA O1749   Attn:   Bill  Manley      MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc.   100 Chelms ford Street   Lowe ll, MA O1851   Attn:  Chief Financial  Officer   Re: Substantial Completion of 100 - 144 Chelmsford Street, Lowell   Dear Bill and-----   This    letter    is   delivered    pursuant    to    that   certain Contract]    dated   [ ]  between   the  undersigned   ( Design  Professional )  and  ].   By this letter, Design Professiona l c ertifies , with respect to the plans identified in Exhibit A attached   hereto (the  Plans ), that the work shown  on  the  Plans  has  been  performed  and completed  in   substantial  accordance with  the Plans.      Sinc erely,               By:  Name:   Title:   Hereunto duly authorized               62498058 v24-Wo rkSi1c US-03 1591 /0055      

Appendix 5 - Page  I      

Attachment 2      

ATTACHMENT 2 TO THIRD AMENDMENT      Form of Buyer/Seller Lease      (appended hereto)      

LEASE  AGREEMENT      100 CHELMSFORD STREET   LOWELL,  MASSACHUSETTS      THIS LEASE AGREEMENT (the  Lease  or this  Lease ) is made and entered into as of      the    _     day   of  ,    2016    (the     Effective    Date ),    by  and   between   [ ], a  [ ] ( Landlord ) and MACOM   TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation ( Tenant ).      RECITALS      A. Landlord [OR ITS AFFILIATE] is, simultaneously with the execution and delivery   of this Lease, purchasing from Tenant s affiliate certain improved real property (the  Landlord s   Parcel ) currently known as and numbered 100 Chelmsford Street, in the City of Lowell,   Massachusetts, more particularly described on EXHIBIT A and shown on the plan attached   hereto as EXHIBIT A-1.      B. Landlord desires to lease to Tenant and Tenant desires to lease from Landlord that   certain portion of the Landlord s Parcel shown as  100 CHELMSFORD PARCEL  on the plan attached   hereto as EXHIBIT A-1 (the  Leased Parcel ), together with the  Improvements  (as  defined herein)   and Intangible Rights (as defined herein), all upon the terms and conditions hereinafter  set forth.      C. Simultaneously herewith Landlord [OR ITS AFFILIATE] and Tenant are entering   into a Lease Agreement (the  144 Chelmsford Lease ) pursuant to which Landlord [OR ITS   AFFILIATE] will lease to Tenant the remaining portion of Landlord s Parcel as shown as  144   CHELMSFORD PARCEL  on the plan attached hereto as EXHIBIT A-1 (the  144 Chelmsford   Parcel ) and agree to build, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, a new building   thereon for Tenant s use under the 144 Chelmsford Lease intended to be known as and numbered   144 Chelmsford Street, Lowell Massachusetts.      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, the parties   do hereby agree as follows:      1. (a) Demise. Landlord hereby  leases  unto Tenant  and  Tenant  hereby leases from   Landlord the Leased Parcel and all buildings, structures, fixtures and improvements now or   hereafter located thereon (collectively the  Improvements ), together with all existing rights of   ingress and egress from all public ways adjacent to the Premises, all such rights (the  Ancillary   Rights ) being in common with Landlord and others now or hereafter entitled thereto from time   to time pursuant to the terms of any applicable Other Documents (as defined herein). The   Improvements include without limitation the building(s) (the  Existing Building ) containing   approximately 162,000 square feet (including the basement and mechanical areas) of gross   building floor area as shown as  100 CHELMSFORD  on EXHIBIT A-2, which square footage   shall be deemed fixed and not subject to challenge or re-measurement by either party for all intents   and purposes under this Lease (except to the extent otherwise expressly provided herein).      

2    The Leased Parcel, the Improvements and Ancillary Rights are hereinafter collectively referred   to as the  Premises.       (b)    Condition of Leased Parcel.  Tenant currently occupies the Leased Parcel,  is   familiar with the Leased Parcel, and its condition and suitability for Tenant s use and Tenant   acknowledges that, except as specifically set forth herein, Landlord has not made any warranty or   representations, expressed or implied, as to the condition or suitability of the Leased Parcel for   Tenant s intended use and that Tenant is leasing the Leased Parcel and hereby accepts the Leased   Parcel in its  AS IS  and  WHERE IS  condition. Landlord shall not have any obligation to make   any repairs, alterations or improvements to the Premises either at or prior to the commencement   of the term hereof or at any time thereafter. Tenant, at Tenant s option and/or election, shall have   the right, but not the obligation, to perform Tenant s Work (as defined in EXHIBIT B) and   Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for a portion of the cost thereof up to the amount of the   Construction Allowance (as defined in EXHIBIT B).      2. Term.      (a) Initial Term.      (i) The initial term of this Lease shall commence on the date hereof   ( Commencement Date ) and shall terminate at 11:59 p.m. on the last day of the month during   which the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Commencement Date occurs, subject to Tenant s   right to extend this Lease as set forth in Section 2.2. As used herein, the  term  or the  term of   this Lease  shall mean the initial term of this Lease as set forth in this clause (a), as the same may   be deemed extended as set forth in clause (ii) immediately below and as the same may be extended   by an Optional Extension Term (as defined herein) as set forth in clause (b) below.      (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing clause (i), in the event of the   occurrence of the Commencement Date (as defined in the 144 Chelmsford Lease; and herein   referred to as the  144 Commencement Date ), and only in such event (notwithstanding the reason   the same may not have occurred), the initial term of this Lease as established under the preceding   clause (i) shall be deemed extended so that it shall end co-terminously with the end of the Initial   Term (as defined in the 144 Chelmsford Lease; and herein referred to as the  144 Initial Term ).   Such extension shall occur automatically without the need for the parties to execute any further   documentation under this Lease, provided that, at the request of either party therefor, at such time   as the 144 Commencement Date has definitively occurred or not occurred, the parties shall   memorialize, in a written instrument in mutually acceptable form (and, in any case, in recordable   form), either (i) the occurrence of the 144 Commencement Date and the exact dates of such   extension or (ii) the non-occurrence of the 144 Commencement Date and acknowledgement that   such extension will not be of any effect.      (b) Extension Term(s). Provided that Tenant is not then in default   beyond any applicable notice and cure period under any monetary term or condition of this Lease   at the time of exercise of an Optional Extension Term (defined herein), and further provided that   Tenant gives Landlord written notice of Tenant s election to exercise an Optional Extension Term   by no later than such date (the  Option Exercise Deadline ) as is at least two (2) years prior to the   end of the then current term, Tenant shall have the right to extend the term of this      

3    Lease for two (2) separate and consecutive optional extension periods of ten (10) years each (each   an  Optional Extension Term  and collectively the  Optional Extension Terms ). Upon Tenant s   exercise of an option to extend the term for an Optional Extension Term as set forth above, the   term of this Lease shall be thereby automatically extended for the period of such Optional   Extension Term without the need for the parties to execute and deliver any further documentation,   such Optional Extension Term shall be on the same terms and conditions as were in effect under   this Lease for the term prior to such Optional Extension Term except that the fixed annual Base   Rent due hereunder for each Optional Extension Term shall be determined as set forth in Section   3(b) and Tenant shall have no further options to extend the term other than the Optional Extension   Terms expressly provided for in this Section 2(b). At such time as such information has been   conclusively determined hereunder, at the election of either party, the parties shall execute an   agreement, in a form reasonably acceptable to the parties, memorializing the dates of any Optional   Extension Term so effected and the Base Rent applicable thereto.      3. Rental.      (a) During the initial term hereof (as the same may be deemed extended as set   forth in clause (ii) of subsection 2(a) above,  commencing  on  the Commencement  Date,  Tenant shall   pay to Landlord, in advance on the first day of each calendar month in equal monthly installments at   the address  set forth  in Section  17 or such other place as Landlord  may from time  to time designate,   in writing, without demand or right of set-off except to the extent (if any)  otherwise expressly set forth   in this Lease, fixed and minimum annual rental ( Base Rent ) in the amount of Seven Hundred   Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($700,000.00) payable in equal monthly installments of Fifty Eight   Thousand Three Hundred Thirty Three and 33/100 ($58,333.33);  provided that commencing on Initial    Rent  Increase  Date and then  continuing annually  thereafter on each anniversary of the Initial Rent   Increase Date, the Base Rent payable hereunder shall be increased by 1.75% above the Base Rent in   effect immediately prior to such  increase.  All  Base Rent shall be payable in addition to all additional   rent required under this Lease. If the Commencement Date begins on a date other than the first day of   a calendar month, or the term of  this Lease ends on a day other than the last day of the calendar month,   Base Rent for such month shall be prorated, based on  the number  of days in the  applicable  calendar    month.  Tenant  shall  pay an interest charge determined in accordance with Section 16 for Base Rent    received  by Landlord more than five (5) days following the due date. As  used  herein,  the   Initial    Rent  Increase Date  shall  mean  the first to occur  of:   (x) if the 144 Chelmsford Lease is in effect, the first day after the conclusion   of the first twelve (12) full calendar months of the 144 Initial Term, or   (y) if the 144 Chelmsford Lease is not in effect, the later to occur of (i) the   first day after the conclusion of the first  twelve  (12) full  calendar  months  of   the term of this Lease or (ii) the date of termination of the  144  Chelmsford    Lease.      At the request of either party therefor, at such time as the Initial Rent Increase Date has been   definitively established, the parties shall memorialize, in a written instrument  in  mutually acceptable    form, the occurrence of the Initial Rent Increase    Date.      

4    (b) Extension Terms. The annual Base Rent due during each Optional   Extension Term for which Tenant shall have exercised its extension option right shall be equal to   the greater of (i) ninety-five percent (95%) of the Market Rent (as defined herein) or (ii) the annual   Base Rent that was in effect under this Lease immediately preceding such Optional Extension   Term; provided that, commencing on the first day after the conclusion of the first twelve (12) full   calendar months of such Optional Extension Term and then continuing annually thereafter on   each anniversary of such date, the Base Rent shall be increased by (1.75%) above the previous   year s Base Rent.      (c) Market Rent. The  Market Rent  for the Premises shall be the rental rate   being charged under new leases of premises in Massachusetts comparable to the Premises and   located within ten (10) miles of the Premises (the  Trade Area ) for the first year of a ten (10)   year term commencing approximately at the time of the applicable Optional Extension Term,   taking into account all of the terms and conditions of this Lease (other than rental) and all other   relevant factors such as the size, condition, use, utility, location and accessibility of the Premises,   determined as follows:      (i) Within ninety (90) days after the later to occur of (i) Landlord s   receipt of Tenant s notice of its exercise of an Optional Extension Term in accordance with Section   2(b) or (ii) the Option Exercise Deadline applicable thereto, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant   written notice of its determination of Market Rent. Tenant shall, within sixty (60) days after   receipt of such notice, notify Landlord in writing whether Tenant accepts or rejects Landlord s   determination of Market Rent ( Tenant s Response Notice ). If Tenant so accepts Landlord s   determination of Market Rent or if Tenant fails to timely deliver Tenant s Response Notice then   such determination of the Market Rent by Landlord shall be conclusively deemed to be the Market   Rent hereunder for the applicable Optional Extension Term.      (ii) If Tenant s Response Notice is timely delivered to Landlord and   indicates that Tenant rejects Landlord s determination of Market Rent, then Market Rent shall be   determined  in accordance  with the  procedures  set forth  below  in this clause  (ii).   Within  fifteen   (15) days after receipt by Landlord of Tenant s Response Notice indicating Tenant s rejection of   Landlord s determination of Market Rent, Tenant and Landlord shall each notify the other in   writing of their respective designation of an individual broker or appraiser (respectively,  Tenant s   Broker  and  Landlord s Broker ). If Landlord shall fail to so designate Landlord s Broker then   Tenant shall have the right to arrange for Tenant s Broker to designate Landlord s Broker by notice   to Landlord and Tenant given after Landlord s failure to have done so as and when required herein,   and if Tenant shall fail to so designate Tenant s Broker then Landlord  shall have the right to   arrange for Landlord s Broker to designate Tenant s Broker by notice to Landlord and Tenant   given after Tenant s failure to have done so as and when required herein. Within ten (10) days of   the designation of Landlord s Broker and Tenant s Broker, Landlord s Broker and Tenant s Broker   shall jointly select a third broker (the  Third Broker ), failing which either party may petition the   President of the Greater Boston Real Estate Board requesting that he or she designate the Third   Broker (which designation shall be binding on the parties). All of the brokers or appraisers selected   shall be duly licensed or certified individuals with at least five   (5) years  commercial brokerage or appraisal experience in the Trade Area with particular   experience with the type of property represented by the Premises and, in the case of the Third   Broker only, shall not have acted in any capacity for either Landlord or Tenant or any Tenant      

5    Affiliate (as defined herein) within ten (10) years prior to the broker s selection. The Third Broker   shall determine the Market Rent for the applicable Optional Extension Term in accordance with   the requirements and criteria set forth herein employing the method commonly known as Baseball   Arbitration, whereby Landlord s Broker and Tenant s Broker each sets forth its determination of   Market Rent, and the Third Broker must select one or the other (it being understood that the Third   Broker shall be expressly prohibited from selecting any alternative figure). Landlord s Broker and   Tenant s Broker shall deliver their respective determinations of the Market Rent to the Third   Broker within twenty (20) days of the appointment of the Third Broker and the Third Broker shall   render his or her decision within fifteen (15) days after receipt of both of the other two   determinations of Market Rent. The Third Broker s decision shall be binding on both Landlord   and Tenant and shall be conclusively determined to be the Market Rent hereunder for the   applicable Optional Extension Term. If either Landlord s Broker or Tenant s Broker shall have   failed to submit their respective determinations of Market Rent as and when required hereunder,   then any determination of Market Rent that shall have been submitted by one of them as and when   required hereunder shall be conclusively determined to be the Market Rent hereunder for the   applicable Optional Extension Term. Each party shall bear  the cost of its own broker or appraiser   and shall share equally in the cost of the Third Broker. In the event that the Market Rent has not   been conclusively determined before the commencement of the applicable Optional Extension   Term, then Tenant shall pay Base Rent based upon a ten percent (10%) premium over the annual   Base Rent in effect immediately prior to the commencement of the applicable Optional Extension   Term until Market Rent for such Optional Extension Term has been conclusively determined   hereunder, at which time either Tenant shall promptly pay any unpaid Base Rent to Landlord or   Landlord shall promptly refund or credit to Tenant any overpaid Base Rent, in either case with   interest at the rate provided for under Section 16.      4. Taxes.      (a) Throughout the term of this Lease and any extension, Tenant shall pay   before delinquency, as additional rent, all Taxes upon or allocable to the Premises as set forth   herein. As used herein,  Taxes  shall mean all taxes, charges and assessments, general and special,   ordinary and extraordinary, of every nature and kind whatsoever, and all water rates and sewage   or sewer use charges levied, assessed or imposed upon any property that includes the Premises or   any portion thereof (the  Taxed Property ), as hereinafter provided, whether such tax, rate, charge   or assessment shall be for village, town, county, state, federal or any other purpose whatsoever   Taxes shall include, without limitation, all general real property taxes and general, special and   area-wide assessments, charges, fees, assessments for transit, police, fire or other governmental   services or purported benefits to the Taxed Property, so-called business improvement district   charges and service payments in lieu of or in addition to real estate taxes, that may be now or may   hereafter be levied or assessed against the Taxed Property or Landlord by the United States of   America, the County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, City of Lowell, or any   political subdivision, public corporation, district or other political or public entity. Taxes shall also   include any and all general and special assessments, fees and charges assessed or imposed upon   the Taxed Property by virtue of any private restrictive covenant. Should any governmental agency   or political subdivision impose any taxes and/or assessments, whether or not now customary or   within the contemplation of the parties hereto, either by way of substitution for taxes and   assessments presently levied and assessed against the      

6    real estate as well as the Improvements thereon, or in addition thereto, including, without   limitation, any taxes based upon the rentals received by Landlord hereunder (other than an income   or franchise tax) or any other tax, fee or excise on the act of entering into this Lease or on the use   or occupancy of the Premises or any part thereof or in connection with the business of renting the   Premises, such taxes and/or assessments shall be deemed to constitute Taxes for the purpose of   this Section 4 and shall be paid by Tenant. Taxes shall not  include  income, intangible, franchise,   capital stock, estate or inheritance taxes or taxes substituted for or in lieu of the foregoing   exclusions, all of which shall be paid by Landlord. Taxes payable by Tenant hereunder shall also   include reasonable costs, disbursements and legal fees of Landlord incurred in connection with   proceedings to abate, contest, determine or reduce any such Taxes (a  Tax Contest ), but not in   excess of the savings to Tenant realized by the Tax Contest unless Landlord undertook such Tax   Contest on account of a Tenant Request (as defined herein). Upon written request Tenant shall   furnish to Landlord a receipted tax bill, or other satisfactory evidence of the payment of such   taxes, assessments and charges within 10 days after the same are due and payable. Tenant s   obligations under this Section 4 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.      (b) With regard to Taxes, if at any time during the term of this Lease, the   Premises are assessed for Tax purposes as a part of any other real property owned by Landlord   (the  Landlord s Tax Parcel ), then Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay to Landlord (A)   one hundred (I 00%) percent of the Taxes assessed against or allocated to all buildings and related   improvements on the Premises (and any fixtures or personal property located therein); and (B)   Tenant s Pro Rata Share of the Taxes assessed against or allocated to the land comprising, and so-   called site improvements (specifically excluding any buildings) located on, the Landlord s Tax   Parcel, such payment to be made within thirty (30) days following  Landlord s invoicing Tenant   therefor (which invoice shall include copies of the applicable Tax bills). Tenant s  Pro Rata Share    shall be a fraction the numerator of which is the square foot land area of the Leased Parcel and   the denominator of which is the square foot land area of the Landlord s Tax Parcel, as either   thereof may change as a result of a lot line adjustment as contemplated under clause (I) of Section   35(a) below. As of the Effective Date, the Tenant s Pro Rata Share is (_%) percent.   If,    however,  the Premises are assessed for Taxes separate and apart from any other real property of   Landlord, then Tenant shall pay, prior to delinquency, and directly to the taxing authority, one   hundred (100%) percent of all Taxes assessed against or allocated to the Premises and if Tenant   is delinquent in paying any thereof then Tenant shall be fully responsible for paying upon the   imposition thereof any interest, penalty or other late fee or charge arising due to such delinquency.   If the Premises are separately assessed for Taxes, Landlord shall attempt to arrange to have all   notices concerning tax assessments, changes in assessments, tax rates and changes, and tax bills   (collectively,  Tax Bills ) sent directly from the applicable governmental authorities to Tenant. If   Landlord is not able to arrange to have Tax Bills sent directly to Tenant, then based upon timely   receipt thereof by Landlord, Landlord shall timely supply Tenant with copies of all Tax Bills after   receipt by Landlord, so that Tenant may timely pay such Tax Bills so as to avoid any interest or   penalty charges for late payment. If Landlord fails to provide such invoices in a timely fashion   Landlord shall pay any late charge, interest or fee based on such delay and payment.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant shall be responsible for paying,   directly to the taxing authority and without delinquency, all governmental imposed taxes, charges   or assessments against any fixtures or personal property of Tenant.      

7    (c) If there are at least two (2) years remaining under the term of this Lease   and Tenant is not in default under this Lease beyond any applicable notice or cure period, and if:      A. the Premises are separately assessed for Taxes and Tenant notifies   Landlord, on or prior to the twenty-fifth (25th) day prior to the deadline under   applicable law for timely filing for a Tax Contest (the  Filing Deadline ), that   Tenant will file a Tax Contest, or      B. the Premises are not separately assessed for Taxes and Tenant   notifies Landlord, on or prior to the twenty-fifth (25th) day prior to the Filing   Deadline, of Tenant s request that Landlord pursue a particular Tax Contest (a    Tenant Request ) but Landlord, within fifteen (15) days prior to the Filing   Deadline, notifies Tenant that Landlord is declining such request,      then, in either such case, Tenant may pursue a Tax Contest in good faith by appropriate   proceedings at its own expense, provided that Tenant shall first have paid such Taxes or, if the   payment of such Taxes is to be postponed or deferred during the contest with respect to and such   Tax Contest is occurring during any period in which Tenant does not satisfy the Financial   Prerequisite (as defined herein), Tenant shall have furnished Landlord a bond of a surety company   reasonably satisfactory to Landlord in an amount equal to, or shall have deposited with any bank   or trust company of Landlord s selection in the State wherein the Premises are located to hold such   deposit and apply the same as hereinafter provided, the amount of the Taxes so contested, together   with such additional sums as may reasonably be required to pay interest or penalties accrued or to   accrue on any such Taxes. Nothing contained herein, however, shall release Tenant of the   obligation to pay and discharge contested Taxes as finally adjudicated, with interest and penalties,   and all other charges directed to be paid in or by any such adjudication. Any such contest or legal   proceeding shall be begun by Tenant as permitted by applicable law; provided, however, that   Tenant may in its discretion consolidate any proceeding to obtain a reduction in the assessed   valuation of the Premises for tax purposes relating to any tax year with any similar proceeding or   proceedings relating to one or more other tax years. Notwithstanding anything contained herein   to the contrary, Tenant shall pay all such contested items before the time when the Premises or   any part thereof might be forfeited as a result of nonpayment.      (d) Landlord shall join in any Tax Contest brought by Tenant under Section   4(c) and hereby agrees that the same may be brought in its name, if the provisions of any law, rule   or regulation at the time in effect shall so require. Tenant shall indemnify and save Landlord   harmless from any liabilities, losses, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) in   connection with any such Tax Contest in which Landlord shall join or permit to be brought in its   name pursuant to this Section 4(d).      (e) So long as Tenant is not in default under  any  term  or  condition  of this Lease   beyond any applicable notice and cure period, Tenant shall  be  entitled  to  share  in  any refund of any   Taxes on account of any Tax Contest (including any refunded penalties or interest thereon) in an   amount in proportion to the percentage that the amount so refunded  was originally paid for by Tenant   (and Landlord shall be entitled to that portion of  the  refund  that  is  in  proportion to the percentage   that the amount so refunded was originally paid by Landlord, any predecessor  owner or any third    party);  provided,  however,  that there shall  first  be deducted from      

8    the amount of any such refund such amounts as are necessary to reimburse Tenant (or Landlord,   if Landlord was the contesting party pursuant to Section 4(f) below), for the reasonable costs of   the particular Tax Contest actually paid by Tenant (or Landlord, if so applicable) in pursuit of the   Tax Contest (provided that if any of such costs were paid to a Tenant Affiliate (or Landlord, if so   applicable) then those costs shall only be deducted to the extent that they do not exceed what such   costs would have been had they been paid to an unaffiliated party on an arm s-length basis).      (f) If Tenant is not entitled to pursue  a Tax Contest  as set  forth  in  Section  4(c),   then Landlord may on its own initiative elect to pursue a Tax Contest without restriction; provided,   however that if (i) there are at least two (2)  years  remaining  under  the term  of this  Lease and (ii)   Tenant is not in default under this Lease beyond any  applicable  notice  or cure  period, then Landlord   shall not so commence any such Tax Contest, or agree to any settlement, compromise or other   disposition of any  such  Tax  Contest  proceedings,  or  discontinue  or withdraw from any such Tax   Contest, or accept any refund of any Taxes as a result of any Tax Contest, in each case without the   consent of Tenant, which consent (x) Tenant may withhold in Tenant s sole discretion if the Premises   are separately assessed for Taxes or (y) Tenant shall not unreasonably withhold or condition if the   Premises  are  not  separately  assessed  for  Taxes, provided that, in any event, if Tenant does not   notify Landlord  in writing within  fifteen  (15) days  of Tenant s receipt of a notice from Landlord   requesting Tenant s consent to a  Tax  Contest  (provided that Landlord s request therefor shall include   a statement in a conspicuous place and in capital  letters  to  the  effect  that  FAILURE  TO  RESPOND    TO  THIS  REQUEST  IN FIFTEEN   (15) DAYS WILL BE DEEMED CONSENT ) then Tenant shall be deemed to have given such   consent. Tenant agrees, at no out-of-pocket cost to Tenant, to reasonably cooperate with Landlord,   in any such Tax Contest brought by Landlord under this Section 4(f).      5. Use of Premises. Tenant shall have the right to use the Premises for any lawful   commercial use. Tenant shall not cause or maintain or authorize any nuisance or commit or suffer   the commission of any waste in, on or about the Premises. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord   has made no warranty or representation regarding the suitability of the Premises for Tenant s   intended use and that, except to the extent the same is the result of the negligence or willful   misconduct of Landlord and/or Landlord employees, agents, contractors and/or invitees, Tenant   is responsible during the term of this Lease for all activities occurring on the Premises. Subject to   the provisions of Section 6, Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall comply with and conform to   all present and future laws, codes, ordinances, orders, judgments, decrees, injunctions, rules,   regulations and requirements, even if unforeseen or extraordinary, of every governmental   authority or agency and all covenants, restrictions and conditions now of record which may be   applicable to the use, manner of use, occupancy, possession, operation, maintenance, alteration,   repair or reconstruction of the Premises, even if compliance therewith (i) necessitates structural   changes or improvements (including changes required to comply with the  American With   Disabilities Act ) or (ii) requires Tenant to carry insurance other than as required by the provisions   of this Lease.      6. Repairs. throughout the term hereof, Tenant shall keep and maintain  the  Premises   (including, without limitation, all Improvements located therein, all Alterations made thereto, and   all fixtures installed therein) in good condition and repair and be responsible for all maintenance,   repairs and replacements to the Premises, structural and nonstructural, ordinary  or      

9    extraordinary, foreseen or unforeseen, including, but not limited to, all structural repairs and   replacements to the foundation, exterior and/or load bearing walls, interior and exterior windows,   roof, and, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, heating, ventilation and air conditioning and life   safety systems (the  Systems ) of the Premises, and including without limitation all landscaping,   sidewalks, driveways, parking areas and other outdoor facilities or amenities contained in or about   the Premises. Tenant shall make all such repairs and replacements as may be necessary to keep   and maintain the Premises in a condition consistent with other buildings of similar use, age and   construction located in the Lowell, Massachusetts trade area, and shall not defer any repairs,   maintenance or replacements in anticipation of the expiration of the term. Tenant shall keep and   maintain the Premises in a clean, safe, sanitary and tenantable condition in a manner compatible   with its intended use, shall not permit any garbage, waste, refuse or dirt of any kind to accumulate   in or about the Premises, shall keep all Systems in good working order and operating condition,   shall keep all driveways, parking areas, entrances and pedestrian walkways in a reasonably safe   condition (including reasonably free from snow and ice) and shall make any repairs, replacements   or improvements which may be required by any laws, rules, regulations, ordinances or orders of   any federal, state, local or other governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Premises.   Tenant shall not cause deterioration (other than ordinary wear  and tear), waste, damage or injury   to the Premises. Landlord shall not be required to make any repairs, alterations, maintenance or   replacements in or to the Premises.      7. Utilities. Throughout the term hereof, Tenant shall be responsible for and shall   promptly pay as and when due all charges for heat, water,  gas,  electricity,  telephone,  sanitary sewer   and other utilities used or consumed in, on or upon the Premises. Tenant shall  at all times  keep the   Premises sufficiently heated so as to prevent freezing and  deterioration  thereof and/or of the   equipment and facilities contained therein. Tenant shall be responsible  for  all  utility connections.      8. Alterations.      (a) Except for any Tenant Work, which Tenant may complete without the need   for Landlord s prior written approval under this Section 8 (but, in any event, subject to all of the   other terms of this Lease applicable thereto), Tenant shall not make any alterations, additions or   improvements on, to or about the Premises ( Alterations ) except  in accordance with this Section   8. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 8(b) below, any Alterations shall at once be   deemed a part of the realty and belong to Landlord. Subject to the conditions set forth in clauses   (A) through (F) of this Section 8(a) below, as applicable, during the term of this Lease, except for   any Tenant Work as aforesaid: (i) Tenant shall be permitted to make any interior, non-structural   Alterations to the Building ( Permitted Non-Structural Alterations ) without the prior written   consent of Landlord; (ii) Tenant shall be permitted to make any Alterations to or affecting the   interior structural elements or Systems of the Premises or any part thereof and to the extent such   interior structural alterations necessitate structural Alterations to the exterior of the Building such   changes shall be permitted ( Permitted Structural Alterations  and, together with any Permitted   Non-Structural Alterations,  Permitted Alterations ) without the prior written consent of Landlord   provided that Tenant delivers to Landlord notice thereof at least thirty (30) days in advance of its   making such Permitted Structural Alterations which notice shall include copies of Tenant s plans   and specifications therefor;  and  (iii)  Tenant  shall  not  make  any  exterior  Alterations  that  are    not    Permitted      

10    Alterations or any other Alterations that are not Permitted Alterations (as the case may be,  Other   Alterations ) without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent shall not be   unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. During the term of this Lease, Tenant may install   on the Premises such trade fixtures and equipment as Tenant deems necessary for its business   activities; provided that the installation and use of all such trade fixtures and equipment shall be   in compliance with any and all applicable governmental laws, rules, regulations and ordinances   and if the installation of any such trade fixtures or equipment would require modification to the   structural elements or Systems of the Premises or any part thereof then the same shall be deemed   Permitted Structural Alterations. All such Alterations shall be completed in a good and   workmanlike manner incorporating materials comparable to that which exist in the affected   portions of the Premises and, in any event, in  good condition,  and upon completion thereof   Tenant shall deliver to Landlord copies of (x) any certificate of occupancy required by any   governmental authorities to have been issued therefor and (y) plans and specifications prepared   by a certified architect depicting such Alterations as installed. Minor decorations to the  Premises,   such as moveable partitions, carpeting, painting and wallpapering, shall not constitute Alterations.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, all Alterations shall be subject to the   following conditions:      A. Tenant shall pay, or cause to be paid, the entire cost of the   Alterations.      B. With respect to any Permitted Structural Alteration or any Other   Alteration that, in Landlord s reasonable judgment, would   materially adversely affect the value or the utility of the Premises,   Tenant shall, at Landlord s election (a  Restoration Election ),   either (as Landlord shall elect in its Restoration Election) (x) restore   the affected area to the condition in which it existed prior to such   Alteration or (y) otherwise remove the Alteration in a manner that   leaves the Premises in a safe and secure, structurally sound,   weather-tight and architecturally whole condition and in   compliance with applicable law. A Restoration Election may be   made at any time up until the later to occur of (i) one (I) year prior   to the natural expiration of the term of this Lease or (ii) in the  event   of any early termination of this Lease within ten (I 0) days following   the later to occur of (A) the date of such early termination or (B) not   more than ten (I 0) days after Tenant shall have afforded Landlord   all plans, specifications and other information and access   reasonably requested by Landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing   sentence, Tenant may at any time request in writing that Landlord   either make or decline to make a Restoration Election with respect   to any particular proposed Alterations (prior to Tenant s making the   same) and if Tenant makes such request and provides to Landlord   all plans, specifications and other information and access   reasonably requested by Landlord in order for Landlord to make a   reasonably informed decision as to whether to make a Restoration   Election then   Landlord   will,  within   30  days  after   receiving     all such      

11    information, inform Tenant in writing as to whether Landlord is   making or declining to make such Restoration Election, with   Landlord s failure to make such Restoration Election  being deemed   Landlord s having declined to make the same. If Landlord makes a   Restoration Election, Tenant may then elect not to make the   proposed Alterations, provided that if Tenant shall thereafter   perform the Alternations then Tenant shall perform the restoration   or removal work required therefor at its sole cost, which work shall   be deemed Alterations to the extent applicable under the terms of   this Section 8.      C. Tenant shall keep the Premises free from and promptly remove any   mechanic s liens and indemnify, defend, and hold Landlord   harmless from any and all liability or expense of any kind and   description (including reasonable attorneys  fees) which may arise   out of or be connected in any way with Tenant s Alterations. Any   mechanic s lien filed against the Premises or for Alterations or   materials furnished to Tenant shall be discharged by Tenant within   thirty (30) days of Tenant becoming aware of its filing, at Tenant s   sole expense, by payment or filing of a bond satisfactory to   Landlord.      D. Tenant shall hold Landlord harmless from all claims, losses,   liabilities, damages, and expenses (including reasonable attorney s   fees) resulting from any Alterations.      E. Tenant shall obtain and pay for all necessary permits and approvals and   shall comply with all  applicable  governmental  requirements  and   insurance  rating  bureau  recommendations,  including complying with   any rules and regulations related to the handling or removal  of asbestos   containing  materials; and      F. Tenant or Tenant s contractor s shall carry builder s risk insurance   covering all Alterations, in form and amounts and with companies   satisfactory to Landlord, naming Landlord and Mortgagee (as   defined herein), if any, as an additional insured.      (b) Tenant shall remain the owner of all trade fixtures and equipment installed   in the Premises, as well as those Alterations and fixtures (such fixtures, as distinguished from    trade fixtures  and  equipment,  being herein referred to as  Permanent Fixtures ) which are part   of Tenant s business operations and functions conducted at the Premises (any such Alterations and   Permanent Fixtures being, individually or collectively,  Business Installations ). Tenant shall be   entitled to remove Business Installations at any time but at the expiration of the term of this Lease   shall be obligated to remove any such Business Installations for which Landlord shall have made   a Restoration Election in accordance with clause (B) of Section 8(a), subject to the requirements   of Section 18 below. In any event, in connection with any removal  of Business Installations    Tenant shall (x) restore the affected area to the condition  in which    it      

12    existed prior to the initial installation thereof or (y) otherwise remove the same in a manner that   leaves the Premises in a safe and secure, structurally sound, weather-tight and architecturally   whole condition and in compliance with applicable law. Landlord hereby waives any and all rights   it may have to any statutory, pre-judgment landlord s lien and/or rights of distraint on the Business   Installations, as well as on any of Tenant s trade fixtures, equipment, goods, inventory and other   personal property located within the Premises (collectively,  Tenant s Property ). If requested by   Tenant s lender holding a lien on Tenant s Property ( Tenant s Lender ), Landlord shall promptly   execute and deliver an instrument in form reasonably satisfactory to Tenant s Lender and   Landlord, which form shall (i) provide for Landlord s consent to the Lender s lien on any of   Tenant s Property ( Collateral ), (ii) provide for Landlord s subordination to the Lender s lien of   any right to levy or distrain the Collateral (and confirming Landlord s subordination to the   Lender s lien of any statutory lien on the Collateral) and (iii) afford Tenant s Lender the   opportunity to enter the Premises in order to remove the Collateral on reasonable terms and   conditions (including without limitation, the condition that Tenant s Lender pay Landlord any per   diem amounts due under Section 20 hereof with respect to any period of time in which the   Collateral remains on the Premises after the termination of this Lease, restore any damage caused   by such removal and otherwise remove such collateral in accordance with any requirements of   clause (B) of Section 8(a) above or Section 18 below as are applicable to the particular Collateral,   and indemnify Landlord from any damage or liability caused to Landlord by such entry and   removal activities including reasonable attorneys  fees incurred by Landlord in connection   therewith.      9. Insurance and Indemnity.      (a) Liability Insurance. Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole expense, during the entire   term hereof, keep in full force and effect a policy of commercial general liability insurance with   respect to the Premises, and the business operated by Tenant in the Premises, in which the primary   coverage per accident or occurrence is not less than $1,000,000.00 of primary combined single   limit and the umbrella coverage per accident or occurrence is not less than $15,000,000.00 in the   aggregate. Each such policy shall name Landlord and any Mortgagee as an additional insured.      (b) Property Insurance. Tenant shall, at Tenant s sole  expense,  during  the  entire   term hereof, keep in full force and effect a policy  of  special  form  property  insurance  against fire,   vandalism, malicious mischief, and such other hazards as are from time to  time  included in a ISO   Special Form Causes of  Loss form  or  its equivalent,  insuring the Premises  in  an amount equal to   the full replacement value of the Improvements (with an agreed amount endorsement, or no   coinsurance form), and all Tenant s Property, in an amount equal to the full replacement  value thereof.      (c) Contractors  Insurance. At all times when any work is in process in connection   with the performance of any Alterations, Tenant shall require all contractors and subcontractors to    maintain  the following  insurance:      (i) Commercial general liability insurance in the amount of One   Million ($1,000,000.00) Dollars insuring Landlord and Mortgagee,   if any, as additional insureds;      

13    (ii) the insurance required under clause (F) of Section 8(a) above;      (iii) Worker s Compensation, as required by law; and      (iv) Automobile liability insurance, including but not limited to,   passenger liability, on all owned, non-owned and hired vehicles in   connection with the Premises, with a combined single limit per   occurrence of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) for   bodily injury and property damage.      (d) Requirements. The policies required under this Article 9 may be furnished   by Tenant under any blanket policy carried by it (provided the minimum limits set forth above are   applicable to the Premises) or under a separate policy therefor. The insurance shall be with carriers   with a Best Insurance rating of  A-  or better and a financial size rating of  VIII  or better and   qualified to do business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Certificates of the insurers, on   the ACORD standard or equivalent forms, evidencing the maintenance of such insurance policies   shall be delivered to Landlord prior to commencement of the term of this Lease and, upon   renewals, not less than ten (10) days prior to the expiration of a coverage period. At any time during   which Tenant satisfies the Financial Prerequisite, Tenant may self-retain any losses up to a   maximum amount determined appropriate by Tenant. At any time after the third (3rd) year of the   term of this Lease, any minimum dollar coverage requirements set forth herein shall be subject to   increase to levels customarily required by landlords of similar properties in eastern Massachusetts,   upon Landlord s election by notice to Tenant therefor given from time to time (but not more than   once in any given period of three (3) years). Prior to the last two (2) years of the term of this Lease,   Tenant alone will be entitled to adjust any losses and to receive insurance proceeds (provided that   Tenant shall keep Landlord reasonably apprised of, and afford Landlord the reasonable   opportunity to advise and consult in, but with no approval authority over the adjustment process)   but in any event, to the extent necessary, Tenant shall use such proceeds for purposes of complying   with any Tenant s repair, restoration and rebuilding obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding the   foregoing, if at any time Tenant does not satisfy the Financial Prerequisite then such proceeds   shall not be received by Tenant but, rather, shall be paid to the first priority Mortgagee or, if there   is no Mortgagee, a bank, trust company or institutional escrow agent reasonably satisfactory to   the parties, to be disbursed for the foregoing purposes on terms and conditions reasonably required   by Landlord or the first priority Mortgagee (which may include, without limitation, those that an   institutional construction lender would customarily and reasonably require for disbursement of   construction loan proceeds). During the  last two (2) years of the term of this Lease, Landlord   alone will be entitled to adjust any losses and to receive insurance proceeds (provided that   Landlord shall keep Tenant reasonably apprised of, and afford Tenant the reasonable opportunity   to advise and consult in, but with no approval authority over the adjustment process) but in any   event Landlord shall make such proceeds timely available to Tenant for purposes of Tenant s   complying with its repair, restoration and rebuilding obligations hereunder on terms and   conditions reasonably imposed by Landlord or any first priority Mortgagee (which may include,   without limitation, those that an institutional construction lender would customarily and   reasonably require for disbursement of construction loan proceeds).      

14    (e) Tenant s Indemnity. Tenant shall defend, indemnify and save Landlord   harmless against and from any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including   reasonable attorneys  fees), arising out of (a) Tenant s use or occupancy of the Premises or the   occurrence of any nuisance on the Property, (b) the conduct or management of the business   conducted by Tenant or any subtenant or other occupant in the Premises, (c) any breach or default   on the part of the Tenant in the performance of any covenant or agreement on the part of the   Tenant to be performed pursuant to the terms of this Lease, and (d) any act or negligence of   Tenant, its agents, contractors, servants, guests, employees, subtenants, concessionaires or   licensees on or in the Premises or its appurtenances. In case any action or proceeding is brought   against Landlord by reason of any such claim, Tenant, upon notice from Landlord, shall defend   such action or proceeding which is brought against Landlord by reason of any such claim. Tenant,   upon notice from Landlord, covenants to defend such action or proceeding by counsel reasonably   satisfactory to Landlord, provided that Landlord hereby approves any such counsel reasonably   appointed by Tenant s insurance company.      (f) Subrogation. Tenant and Landlord hereby release each other and its or their   respective officers, directors, employees and agents from any and all liability or responsibility (or   anyone claiming through or under them by way of subrogation or otherwise) for any loss or   damage to property covered by insurance required maintained by the said party and shall maintain   insurance policies requiring such release.      (g) Landlord s Indemnity. Landlord shall defend, indemnify and save Tenant   harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including   reasonable attorneys  fees) arising out of (a) any breach or default on the part of the Landlord in   the performance of any covenant or agreement on the part of the Landlord to be performed   pursuant to the terms of this Lease, and (b) any negligence of Landlord, its agents, contractors,   servants, guests, employees, tenants (other than Tenant), concessionaires or  licensees on or about   the Premises. In case any action or proceeding is brought against Tenant  by reason of any such   claim, Landlord, upon notice from Tenant, shall defend such action or proceeding which is   brought against Tenant by reason of any such claim. Landlord, upon notice from Tenant,   covenants to defend such action or proceeding by counsel reasonably satisfactory to Tenant,   provided that Tenant hereby approves any such counsel reasonably appointed by Landlord s   insurance company.      10. Damage or Destruction.      (a) If during the term of this Lease the Premises, or any portion thereof, are   destroyed or damaged by fire, explosion, or any other event whatsoever (a  casualty ), then Tenant   shall, as soon as practicable (after receipt of insurance proceeds, but only if and to the extent that   (i) Tenant shall have been required hereunder to insure the same, (ii) Tenant shall have in fact   maintained such insurance as required hereunder and (iii) Tenant shall have proceeded to adjust   the insured loss diligently and in good faith), repair, restore, and rebuild the Premises to a   condition substantially equivalent to that existing prior to such casualty, and shall do so each time   and as often as any portion of the Premises shall be destroyed or damaged, regardless of whether   such casualty is covered by any insurance policy maintained by Tenant. Except as expressly   provided in Section 1O(b), below, no damage or destruction of any building or any of the fixtures   or other property therein shall be grounds for the termination of this Lease      

15    or relieve the Tenant from any obligation created or imposed by virtue of this Lease; any laws of   the state in which the Premises is located to the contrary notwithstanding, including, but without   limiting the generality of the foregoing, Tenant s obligation to make payment of the rent and all   other charges on the part of the Tenant to be paid, and the Tenant s obligation to perform all other   covenants and agreements on the part of the Tenant to be performed.      (b) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Lease to the contrary, if   Improvements, the replacement value of which shall exceed 50% or more of the replacement value   of all Improvements at the Premises are damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty during the   last two (2) years of the term hereof and if, in Tenant s reasonable opinion supported by the written   opinion of third party experts ( Third Party Reports ), it will reasonably take more than 270 days   from the date of adjustment of the loss with the insurance carrier to restore the Improvements to   their condition immediately prior to such casualty, then Landlord and Tenant each shall have the   right to terminate this Lease by giving the other party written notice of such termination within   ninety (90) days after the date of such damage or destruction, specifying a termination date of a   least one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of such notice of termination. Notwithstanding   anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant s termination right under this Section IO(b) is   expressly conditioned on Tenant s giving Landlord notice, within thirty (30) days of the casualty,   that Tenant intends on producing the Third Party Report and in fact produces the Third Party   Report within sixty (60) days of the fire or other casualty. If this Lease is terminated as aforesaid,   Tenant shall pay or cause to be paid to Landlord on or  prior to the date of termination, insurance   proceeds or a direct payment from Tenant or any combination of the two, in an aggregate amount   equal to (i) the proceeds of all insurance maintained by Tenant hereunder covering such loss plus   (ii) any deductible or other self-retained amount covering such loss, plus (iii) any remaining   amount necessary so that Landlord shall have received in full the reasonably estimated cost to   repair, restore and rebuild the Improvements to their condition immediately prior to such casualty.   Upon such payment and termination, Tenant shall have no further liability to Landlord except for   any terms and conditions that expressly survive the termination of this Lease.      11. Public Taking.      (a) If all or substantially all of the Premises shall be sold to or taken by any   public authority under its power of condemnation or the threat thereof, this Lease shall terminate   as of the date possession shall be transferred to the acquiring authority, and the rental payable   hereunder shall be apportioned accordingly. Upon any taking of less than substantially all of the   Premises, this Lease shall continue in force as to the part of the Premises not taken. In the event   of any such partial taking, Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost except as otherwise provided herein, shall,   upon the availability of the funds therefor to Tenant as hereinafter provided (and subject to the   effect of such taking), diligently rebuild or restore the remainder of the Premises to the condition   in which they existed at the time of such taking. Except as herein specifically provided otherwise,   all damages awarded by or amounts paid by the acquiring authority for any such taking, whether   for the whole or a part of the Premises, shall belong to and be the property of Landlord; provided   that Tenant shall have the right to make its separate claim for compensation for any loss or damage   it suffers to its trade fixtures and for statutory relocation expenses. In the event of a partial taking   any proceeds received by Landlord shall first be applied to reimburse Tenant for the costs of   rebuilding or restoring the Premises to its condition at the time of  taking      

16    (subject to the effect of such taking) on reasonable terms and conditions (which may include,   without limitation, those that an institutional construction lender would customarily and   reasonably require for disbursement of construction loan proceeds). Notwithstanding the   foregoing, Tenant shall not be required to complete any restoration under this Section 11 the cost   of which exceeds the funds made available to Tenant therefor as provided hereunder.      (b) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Lease to the contrary, (i) if   more than fifty percent (50%) of the gross building floor area of the Premises are taken during the   last year of the term of this Lease, or (ii) such lesser amount that would prevent the Tenant from   operating the Tenant s business as operated in the ordinary course prior to such taking,    or   (iii) if access is taken such that the Premises no longer have reasonable vehicular and/or   pedestrian access, or (iv) if the parking areas of the Premises are taken such that the remaining   available parking does not meet the legal requirements therefor, then in any such event or events,   Landlord and Tenant each shall have the right to terminate this Lease by giving to the other written   notice of such termination within thitiy (30) days after the date of such taking, specifying a   termination date of at least sixty (60) days and not more than ninety (90) days after the date of   notice of termination. Failure to give notice of termination within such thirty (30) day period shall   be deemed to be a waiver of such right of termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a   termination right made under clause (iv) hereof shall only be effective after Landlord has been   given a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed sixty (60) days after the date of such taking) to   replicate the parking at an offsite location reasonably acceptable to Tenant in Tenant s business   judgment.      (c) In the event of a condemnation which does not result in a termination of   this Lease then in that event the Base Rent payable hereunder and any other item in this Lease   which is based upon the relative size of the Premises (including but not limited to the size of the   Leased Parcel and the Improvements) shall be adjusted and decreased on a pro rata basis from and   after the date of taking.      12. Assignment and Subletting.      (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Tenant shall have no right   to assign or transfer this Lease, sublet all or any part of the Premises, grant a mortgage on Tenant s   leasehold interest under this Lease or otherwise hypothecate any interest of Tenant hereunder, or   grant a license or other use or occupancy right to any other person or entity to use all or any part   of the Premises, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law or whether directly or   indirectly (any of the foregoing being a  Transfer ), in each case without the prior written consent   of Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may engage in any of the following transactions (each, a    Permitted Transfer ) without the consent of the Landlord: (i) the sublease or assignment of   Tenant s interest under this Lease (the  Tenant Interest ) to any Tenant Affiliate; (ii) a sublease or   assignment to any entity in connection with a public offering of stock by Tenant; or (iii) a   transaction pursuant to which Tenant is merged or consolidated with any other entity or pursuant   to which all or substantially all of Tenant s assets (including, without limitation, the Tenant   Interest) are sold or transferred as a  going concern  and in a single transaction; provided,   however, that in any such case (A) the Transfer shall be made in good faith and for a legitimate   business purpose other than circumventing the restrictions on  Transfer      

17    otherwise applicable under this Section 12, (B) except in the case of a Transfer under clause (i)   immediately above, either (x) at the time of the proposed Transfer, each of Tenant and any   applicable proposed transferee satisfy the Financial Prerequisite or (y) immediately following the   Transfer the entity comprising Tenant shall have a Tangible Net Worth at least equal to that of   Tenant as of the Effective Date (the  Original Net Worth ) provided that commencing on the first   day after the conclusion of the first twelve (12) full calendar months of the term, and then   continuing annually thereafter on the one (1) year anniversary of such date, the Original Net Worth   shall be deemed increased by 1.75% above the Original Net Worth in effect for the previous year,   (C) Tenant shall have given Landlord at least fifteen (15) days  prior written  notice of any intended   Permitted Transfer (which notice shall contain information reasonably necessary for Landlord to   conclude that Tenant s intended transaction qualifies as a Permitted Transfer), and (D) the   Permitted Transfer shall be subject to all of the other terms and conditions of this Lease. For the   purposes of this Lease, the entering into of any management agreement or any agreement in the   nature thereof transferring control of the business operations of Tenant in the Premises as well as   any substantial percentage of the profits and losses thereof to a person or entity other than Tenant,   or otherwise having substantially the same effect, shall be treated for all purposes as a Transfer of   this Lease and shall be governed by the provisions of this Section 12. As used herein:       Financial Prerequisite  shall mean and be deemed to be satisfied with respect to any   applicable Tenant Entity (as defined herein) if, at the applicable time (as the context shall   provide for hereunder), the Tenant Entity is a US domiciled corporation for which either   (i) the corporation s common stock is traded on a US public securities exchange or (ii) the   corporation s Tangible Net Worth is at least two billion dollars ($2,000,000,000.00) (the    Minimum Net Worth ), provided that commencing on the first day after the conclusion   of the first twelve (12) full calendar months of the term, and then continuing annually   thereafter on the one (1) year anniversary of such date, the Minimum Net Worth shall be   increased by 1.75% above the previous year s Minimum Net Worth;       Tangible Net Worth  shall mean, with respect to any Tenant Entity, the excess of the   Tenant Entity s total assets over total liabilities, in each case as determined in accordance   with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied ( GAAP ), but   excluding, however, from the determination of total assets all assets that would be   classified as intangible assets under GAAP (including without limitation goodwill,   licenses, patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, and franchises);       Tenant Affiliate  shall mean any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under   common control with Tenant; and       Tenant Entity  shall mean the holder of the Tenant s interest under this Lease at any given   time (or, in the context specifically provided for in Section 12(a), its transferee).      (b) In the event Tenant desires to enter into a Transfer which requires   Landlord s consent, Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing at least thirty (30) days in advance of   the proposed effective date of Transfer (the  First Request ) of Tenant s intent to so Transfer, the   proposed effective date of such Transfer and the terms and conditions of the Transfer including   all rent and other consideration to be paid by the proposed transferee ( Transfer    Information ),      

18    and shall request in such notification that Landlord consent thereto. Landlord shall respond to the   First Request within ten (10) business days of its receipt thereof (including its receipt of all   Transfer Information required to be included therein). If Landlord denies the First Request the   response shall set forth the reasons therefor, which may include, in Landlord s sole discretion, a   request for additional reasonable Transfer Information. If Landlord responds to the First Request   by denying its consent or if Landlord fails to timely respond to the First Request, Tenant may send   Landlord an additional request (the  Second Request ), which Second Request shall contain any   and all additional reasonable Transfer Information requested by Landlord pursuant to its response   to the First Request. Failure of Landlord to respond to the Second Request within    ten   (10) business days of Landlord s receipt thereof shall constitute approval of the Second Request.   In any event, upon request, Tenant shall promptly provide Landlord with all additional   information relating to any proposed Transfer as may be reasonably requested by Landlord. If   Landlord consents in writing to a Transfer, such consent shall be deemed conditioned upon   Tenant s compliance with the provisions of Section 12(c) below within ninety (90) days of   Landlord s consent (or any shorter period as may be applicable as set forth in Section I2(c)) and   the failure to so comply in a timely manner shall be deemed to give Landlord reasonable cause   for withholding or withdrawing its consent.      (c) (i)   Except for a Permitted  Transfer,  the Transfer  must be, in   the   case of a sublease, a commercially leasable space and, in the case of an assignment, a transfer to   the transferee of all of Tenant s rights in and interests under this Lease.      (ii) At the time of such Transfer, this Lease must be in full force   and effect without any Event of Default existing.      (iii) The transferee shall unconditionally assume in the case of   an assignment, by written recordable instrument, the due performance of all of the obligations of   the Tenant under this Lease, including any accrued obligations at the time of the assignment.      (iv) A copy of the Transfer instrument and the original   assumption agreement under clause (iii) above fully executed and acknowledged by the transferee,   shall be delivered to Landlord within ten (10) days from the effective date of such Transfer.       (v) Such Transfer shall be upon and subject to all the   provisions, terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease including but without limitation all use   restrictions and restrictions on Transfer hereunder and Tenant (and any transferees of this Lease   or guarantors of Tenant s obligations hereunder) shall continue to be and remain primarily and   unconditionally liable hereunder.      (vi) Except for a Permitted  Transfer,  Tenant shall, within   ten   (10) days of Landlord s billing Tenant therefor, reimburse Landlord for Landlord s reasonable   attorneys  fees for examination of and/or preparation of any documents in connection with such   assignment or subletting not in excess of $3,000.00 (the  Transfer Fee ) in connection with any   single assignment or subletting request, provided that commencing on the first day after the   conclusion of the first twelve (12) full calendar months of the term, and then continuing annually      

19    thereafter on the one (1) year anniversary of such date, the Transfer Fee shall be increased by   1.75% above the previous year s Transfer Fee.      (d) In the case of any assignment or sublet requiring Landlord s consent as set   forth above, Tenant will pay to Landlord, within thirty (30) days following Tenant s receipt   thereof, 50% of:      (i) in the case of an assignment, (A) all consideration paid to   and received by Tenant by the assignee with respect to the value of the leasehold and leasehold   improvements in excess of the unamortized cost thereof (but not including any value attributable   to Tenant s furniture, trade fixtures, equipment, inventory, other personal property, or for good   will or other intangible assets), less (B) all costs actually paid by Tenant in order to consummate   such assignment, including but not limited to free rent, brokerage fees, improvement costs,   moving costs and attorneys  fees (provided that if any of such costs were paid to an affiliate of   Tenant then those costs shall only be deducted to the extent that they do not exceed what such   costs would have been had they been paid to an unaffiliated party on an arm s-length basis); and      (ii) in the case of a sublease, (A) all rents, additional charges or   other consideration received by Tenant during the term of the sublease, plus (B) any consideration   received by Tenant for leasehold improvements in excess of their unamortized cost (but not   including any value attributable to Tenant s furniture, trade fixtures, equipment, inventory, other   personal property, or for good will or other intangible assets), less (C) the sum of all Base Rent   and additional rent thereafter incurred by Tenant under this Lease (or a pro rata portion thereof in   connection with a partial sublet, to the extent allowed by Landlord), and   less   (D) all costs actually paid by Tenant in order to consummate such sublet, including but not limited   to brokerage fees, free rent, improvement costs, moving costs and attorneys  fees (provided that   if any of such costs were paid to a Tenant Affiliate then those costs shall only be deducted to the   extent that they do not exceed what such costs would have been had they been paid to an   unaffiliated party on an arm s-length basis).      (e) Any purported Transfer made without full compliance with the provisions   of this Section 12 shall, at Landlord s election, be void and shall confer no rights upon any third   person. If without conformance to the above process this Lease or the Premises or any part thereof   shall be transferred or the Premises occupied by anybody other than Tenant, Landlord may collect   rent from the assignee, subtenant or occupant, and apply the net amount collected to the Base Rent   and additional rent herein reserved, but no such assignment, subletting, occupancy or collection   shall be deemed a waiver of the foregoing covenant, or an acceptance of the assignee, subtenant   or occupant as tenant, or a release of Tenant from full performance hereunder. Except as otherwise   expressly provided in Section 12(g), Tenant shall remain primarily liable for all of the obligations   of the Tenant hereunder notwithstanding any  assignment by Tenant of any of its rights or interests   hereunder. Each assignee shall be subject  to all of the terms and conditions of this Lease,   including all restrictions on Transfer. Each sublease shall be subordinate to the terms and   conditions of this Lease, and any Transfer or attempted Transfer by any subtenant with respect to   its right, title or interest under the sublease shall be deemed a Transfer or attempted Transfer under   this Lease. No act or conduct by the Landlord  other  than  its express  written  consent  shall    constitute  its consent  or waiver of  its      

20    consent  rights with  respect  to a particular Transfer. No Transfer  or consent to  Transfer will   operate to waive Landlord s rights with respect to any future Transfer.      (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Tenant may from   time to time, subject to all of the provisions of the Lease, permit portions of the Premises to be   used under so-called  desk sharing  arrangements by Tenant Related Parties (each such desk or   office space user, a  Desk Space User  provided, that (A) each Desk Space User shall use the   Premises in accordance with all of the provisions of this Lease, and only for the use expressly   permitted pursuant to this Lease, (B) in no event shall the use of any portion of the Premises by a   Desk Space User create or be deemed to create any right, title or interest of such Desk Space User   in any portion of the Premises or under this Lease or any other tenancy or occupancy rights   whatsoever, (C) such  desk sharing  arrangement shall terminate automatically upon the   termination of the Lease, and (D) Tenant shall receive no rent or other payment or consideration   for the use of any space in the Premises by any Desk Space User in excess of an allocable share   of the rent payable by Tenant under the Lease. As used herein,  Tenant Related Party  shall mean   any persons or entities with whom Tenant has an ongoing business relationship other than as   tenants or occupants of the Premises (such as, by way of example, Tenant s auditors, Tenant s   clients and Tenant s joint venturers).      (g) Any assignment of this Lease made by Tenant with the consent of Landlord   and otherwise in compliance with the requirements of this Section 12 shall act to automatically   relieve Tenant of any further responsibility to Landlord pursuant to this Lease  from and after the   effective date of such assignment; provided, however, that (i) at least ten (10) full years of term   have occurred and (ii) Tenant provides Landlord with reasonable evidence demonstrating that the   assignee Tenant Entity meets the Financial Prerequisite at the time of the proposed  assignment.      13. Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment. Tenant agrees that this Lease is   and shall be and remain subordinate to the interests of any holder (a  Mortgagee ) of any present   or future mortgage, deed of trust, ground lease or master lease upon all or any part of the Premises   (each, a  Superior Instrument ), irrespective of the time of execution or time of recording of any   such Superior Instrument, and to all renewals, extensions thereof, modifications or amendments   thereto or advances thereunder, as applicable. Upon the request of Landlord or any Mortgagee,   Tenant shall enter into an attornment agreement with such Mortgagee in the customary form   reasonably required by such Mortgagee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant s subordination   to any Superior Instrument shall not be effective until such time as Tenant and the Mortgagee   shall have entered in a Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement in the form   of EXHIBIT C annexed hereto and made a part hereof or in another reasonable and customary   form (an  SNDA ). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein,   at the request in writing of any Mortgagee, this Lease shall be deemed superior to its Superior   Instrument, whether this Lease was executed before or after such Superior Instrument, and Tenant   shall execute such documents in recordable form as the Mortgagee shall request. Notwithstanding   the foregoing, on the Commencement Date, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant an SNDA executed   by any Mortgagee at the time thereof.      14. Default.      

21    (a) Default/Remedies. If (a) default be made in the payment of Base Rent or   any additional rent payable hereunder by Tenant, and such default shall continue for ten (10) days   after written notice of default is delivered to Tenant in accordance with Section 17, or (b) default   be made in any of the other covenants or conditions herein contained on the part of Tenant and   such default shall continue for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof shall have been given   to Tenant in accordance with Section 17 (except that such thirty (30) day period shall be   automatically extended for such additional period of time as is reasonably necessary to cure such   default if such default cannot be cured within such first 30 day period and provided Tenant   commences the process of curing such default within said first 30 day period and continuously   and diligently pursues such cure to completion), or (c) except as otherwise permitted by this Lease,   a Transfer is made without the prior written consent of Landlord, or (d) Tenant shall become   insolvent or bankrupt or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (e) a receiver or trustee   of Tenant s or guarantor s property shall be appointed and such receiver or trustee, as the case may   be, shall not be discharged within 90 days after such appointment, or (f) Tenant shall be dissolved   or liquidated or proceedings shall have been commenced to dissolve or liquidate, or (g) Tenant   shall abandon the Premises and cease to pay rent, or (h) any of the insurance required to be   maintained under Section 9 shall not be in force and effect, the occurrence of any such event in   the forgoing clauses (a) through (h) being an  Event of Default,  then, in any such case, Landlord   may, upon ten (10) days prior notice to Tenant, terminate Tenant s tenancy and recover possession   of and reenter the Premises without accepting a surrender of the Premises or affecting Tenant s   liability for past rent and other charges due or future rent and other charges to accrue hereunder.   In the event of any such default, Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant, in addition to   rent and additional rent, all other damages sustained by Landlord proximately caused by the   breach of this Lease, including, but not limited to, the costs, expenses and reasonable attorney fees   incurred by Landlord in enforcing the terms and provisions hereof and in reentering and   recovering possession of the Premises and for the cost of repairs, alterations and brokerage and   reasonable attorney fees connected with the reletting of the Premises. As an alternative, at the   election of Landlord, Landlord shall have the right to accept a surrender of the Premises (without   the need for any affirmative act or acquiescence by Tenant), without any further rights or   obligations on the part of Landlord or Tenant (other than Tenant s obligation for rent and other   charges due and owing through the date of acceptance of surrender), so that Landlord may relet   the Premises without any right on the part of Tenant to any credit or payment resulting from any   reletting of the Premises. Alternatively, at the option of the Landlord, in the event Tenant s tenancy   is so terminated, Landlord may recover forthwith against Tenant as damages for loss of the bargain   and not as a penalty an aggregate sum, which at the time of such termination of Tenant s tenancy,   represents the amount of the excess, if any, of the value of the whole balance of Base Rent, charges   and all other sums payable hereunder for the entire balance of the term of this Lease herein   reserved or agreed to be paid by Tenant, over the then current fair market rental value of the   Premises, such difference to be discounted to present value at a rate equal to two (2) points above   the Federal Reserve Bank s discount rate then in effect. In case of a default under this Lease,   Landlord may, in addition to terminating Tenant s tenancy and/or accepting a surrender, or in lieu   thereof, pursue such other legal or equitable remedy or combination of remedies and recover such   other damages for breach of tenancy and/or contract as available at law or otherwise. All of the   remedies available to Landlord under this Lease shall be cumulative and may be exercised by   Landlord in any order or combination that Landlord shall require.      

22    (b) Landlord s Right to Cure. All covenants and agreements to be performed   by the Tenant under any of the terms of this Lease shall be performed by Tenant at Tenant s sole   cost and expense and without any abatement of rent. If the Tenant shall fail to pay any sum of   money required to be paid by it hereunder, other than rent, or shall fail to perform any other act   on its part to be performed hereunder, and such failure shall continue for 30 days after notice   thereof by the Landlord, the Landlord may, but shall not be obligated to, cure such default, without   waiving or releasing the Tenant from any other default by Tenant under this Lease. All sums so   paid by the Landlord and all necessary incidental costs (including reasonable attorney s fees)   incurred by Landlord in enforcing any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Lease, or   curing any default or in suing for or obtaining relief by reason of a breach thereof, together with   interest on all of the foregoing at the rate set forth below from the date of payment or incurring   by the Landlord, shall be payable as additional rent to the Landlord on demand. Landlord shall   have, in addition to any other right or remedy of the Landlord, the same rights and remedies in the   event of the nonpayment thereof by the Tenant as in the case of default by the Tenant in the   payment of rent.      (c) Waivers. A waiver by Landlord or by Tenant of a breach or default by the   other party under the terms and conditions of this Lease shall not be construed to be a waiver of   any subsequent breach or default nor of any other term or condition of this Lease, and the failure   of the non-defaulting party to assert any breach or to declare a default by the defaulting party shall   not be construed to constitute a waiver thereof so long as such breach or default continues   unremedied. No breach of a covenant or condition of this Lease shall be deemed to have been   waived by Landlord and/or Tenant, unless such waiver be in writing signed by the waiving party.      (d) Landlord s Default. Landlord shall not be deemed to be in default hereunder   unless such default shall remain uncured for more than thirty (30) days following written notice   from Tenant specifying the nature of such default, or such longer period as may be reasonably   required to correct such default. In no event whatsoever shall Landlord be liable hereunder for   any consequential, special punitive or any indirect damages notwithstanding anything to the   contrary set forth in this Lease. In the event Landlord defaults under the terms of this Lease Tenant   may, subject to the express terms of this Lease, exercise any right or remedy available to Tenant   at law or in equity on account thereof.      (e) Limit on Tenant Liability. In no event shall Tenant be liable for any indirect   or consequential damages of Landlord or any other party as a result of any event of default   hereunder or for any other action or inaction of the Tenant in connection with this Lease. In no   event shall the members, managers, officers, directors, agents, partners, principals, employees   and/or shareholders of Tenant have any liability whatsoever for any damages and/or liability   under this Lease and the Landlord will look solely to the Tenant for the recovery of any damages   or otherwise under any terms, covenants or conditions contained in this Lease. Landlord hereby   waives any statutory or common law lien or right of distraint against any and all of Tenant s   customer files and business records.      15. Costs and Attorney Fees. Should either party hereto commence any legal action   (excepting any Arbitration, as defined herein) against the other to enforce any obligation under   this Lease, the prevailing party (as determined  in such action) shall be entitled to recover   from      

23    the non-prevailing party reasonable attorneys  fees, costs and expenses incurred in contesting   such dispute.      16. Interest. Any amount due from Landlord or Tenant to the other hereunder which   is not paid when due, or with respect to any other amount for which this Lease specifically calls   for the payment of interest, shall bear interest at an annual rate equal to 4% per annum in excess   of the prime rate of interest published from time to time in the Wall Street Journal-Eastern Edition   (but in no event shall such rate of interest exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted to be   charged by law) from the date due until paid, compounded monthly, but the payment of such   interest shall not excuse or cure any default by Landlord or Tenant under this Lease.      17. Notices. All notices and demands by any party to any other shall  be  given  in writing   and either personally served or  sent  by  a  nationally  recognized  overnight  courier, requiring proof   of delivery, or by United States certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,  and addressed    as follows:      To Landlord:                  with a copy to:                           To Tenant:                     with a copy to:   [ ---   c/o Calare Properties, Inc.   43 Broad Street   Hudson, MA 01749   Attn:------   E-mail:---------   Brown Rudnick LLP   One Financial Center   Boston,  MA 02111   Attention: Nathaniel H. Amendola, Esq.     Thomas J. Phillips, Esq.   Telephone: (617) 856-8574 (Amendola);   (617) 856-8383 (Phillips)   Email: namendola@brownrudnick.com;   tphillps@brownrudnick.com      MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc.   100 Chelmsford Street   Lowell, MA O1851   Attention: Wayne Goddard, Director of   Facilities   Telephone: (978) 656-2993   Email: Wayne.Goddard@macom.com      MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc.   100 Chelmsford Street   Lowell, MA O1851   Attention: J. Rame, Sr. Corporate Attorney   Telephone: (978) 656-2656   Email: james.rame@macom.com      

24       ScarinciHollenbeck   1100 Valley Brook Avenue   Lyndhurst,  NJ 07071   Attention: Victor E. Kinon, Esq.   Telephone: (201) 896-4100   Email: vkinon@sh-law.com      Any party may, upon prior notice to the others, specify a different address for the giving   of notice. Notices shall be effective on the date of personal service or one day after sending if sent   by overnight courier or two (2) Business Days after sending if sent by certified mail, return receipt   requested. As used herein,  Business Day  shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or   holiday recognized by banks in Massachusetts. Either party (a  receiving party ) may herein, or   by notice to the other party (a  sending party ), request that  courtesy copies  of any notice given   by the sending party to the receiving party ( courtesy copies ) also be sent to the receiving party   by email at the email addresses provided for herein (or at a future email address as shall be   designated by notice given in accordance in accordance with this Section 17). In the event of such   a request, the sending party shall endeavor to send courtesy copies as so requested; provided,   however, that under no circumstances hereunder shall any notice be deemed ineffective, nor shall   the sending party have any liability to the receiving party, on account of the sending party s failure   to send (for whatever reason) or the receiving party s failure to receive (for whatever reason), any   courtesy copies, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein. Notice by telephone   shall not suffice as a means for giving notice hereunder, the provision of any telephone numbers   hereinabove being for the parties  convenience only.      18. Termination. Upon the termination of this Lease, by expiration or otherwise,   Tenant shall surrender the Premises, including without limitation (i) all Improvements located   therein (except as otherwise expressly provided in clause (ii) below) and (ii) all Alterations made   thereto and Permanent Fixtures installed therein (except for any Business Installations removed   in accordance with Section 8(b)), to Landlord in vacant condition, free from all tenants and   occupants, broom clean, free of all trash and debris and otherwise in the same good order,   condition and repair in which Tenant is obligated to keep, repair, and maintain the Premises   throughout the term, excepting only ordinary wear and tear and damage from casualty or   condemnation that Tenant is not responsible for the repair or restoration of to the extent (if any)   expressly provided hereunder. All moveable furnishings, trade fixtures and other equipment and   personal property owned by Tenant, whether or not attached to the Improvements, shall be   removed from the Premises by Tenant, at Tenant s sole expense, by no later than the date of   termination, and Tenant shall repair any and all damage caused by such removal. In the event   Tenant fails so to remove any thereof or fails to repair any such damage to the Premises or the   Property, or in the event that Tenant fails to perform any restoration or removal as may be required   under clause (B) of Section 8(a) above, Landlord may do so and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord   for the cost of such restoration, removal and repair upon demand. In any event, any trade fixtures,   equipment, furniture and other personal property of Tenant which remain in the Premises   following the expiration or earlier termination of the term, at the Landlord s option, shall be   deemed abandoned by Tenant and may thereafter be removed and stored at the cost of the Tenant   or retained as the property of the Landlord or sold or otherwise disposed of by the      

25    Landlord, in any such case without any liability to or recourse by the Tenant or anyone claiming   by, through or under the Tenant.      19. Quiet Enjoyment. So long as Tenant shall duly and punctually perform and observe   all of its obligations under this Lease, Tenant shall peaceably and quietly enjoy the Premises free   from hindrance by Landlord or any party claiming by, through or under Landlord, subject,   however, to zoning laws and ordinances, all matters set forth in EXHIBIT D attached hereto (the    Permitted Encumbrances ), the REA (as defined herein) and any Project Documents (as defined   herein).      20. Holding Over. If Tenant remains in the Premises beyond the expiration of the term   of this Lease or the earlier termination thereof (as the case may be,  Lease Termination ), such   holding over shall not be deemed to create any tenancy at will, but Tenant shall be a tenant at   sufferance only, subject to all of Tenant s obligations set forth herein except that Base Rent shall   be payable for Tenant s use and occupancy at a daily rate as follows: (i) for first 60 days following   Lease Termination, one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Base Rent otherwise provided for   herein; (ii) for the 61st day through the 120th day following Lease Termination, one hundred   seventy five percent (175%) of the Base Rent otherwise provided for herein; and (iii) from and   after the 121st day following Lease Termination, two hundred percent (200%) of the Base Rent   otherwise provided for herein. The acceptance of a purported rent check following termination   shall not constitute the creation of a tenancy at will, it being agreed that Tenant s status shall   remain that of a tenant at sufferance, at the aforesaid daily rate. Any reference in this Lease to   Tenant s obligations continuing during the period of any holdover shall not be deemed to grant   Tenant the right to a holdover or imply Landlord s consent to any such holdover. In addition,   should Tenant remain in the Premises as a holdover Tenant in excess of sixty (60) days beyond   Lease Termination, Tenant shall indemnify Landlord for, from, and against all costs, claims,   liabilities and damages arising from or in any manner related to any such holdover including,   without limitation, damages payable to the subsequent tenant or related to the loss of a tenant,   notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth elsewhere in this Lease.      21. Right of Entry. Landlord shall at all times, upon not less than 24 hours advance   notice (except in the case of emergencies) and with due regard for Tenant s reasonable security   concerns, have the right during Tenant s regular business hours to re-enter the Premises  to inspect   the same, to supply any service to be provided by Landlord to Tenant hereunder, to show the   Premises to prospective purchasers, investors, mortgagees or (during the last two (2) years of the   term) tenants and to post notices of non-responsibility provided that (i) such entry does not   interfere with Tenant s business operations in the Premises, (ii) no repair, alterations or   improvements shall reduce the size of the Premises other than in a de minimis fashion, and (iii)   Landlord shall be responsible for any injury or damage occasioned to the Premises during such   entry due to Landlord s and/or Landlord s employees, agents and/or contractors negligence or   willful misconduct.      22. Estoppel Certificates. Landlord and Tenant each agree that at any time and from   time to time upon not less than fifteen (15) days prior request of the other party, the party of whom   the request is made shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the requesting party a statement in   writing certifying (a) that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have   been modifications, specifying the same), (b) the dates to which the rent and other      

26    charges have been paid, (c) that to the knowledge of the party supplying the certificate the other   party is not in default under any provisions to this Lease (or if such party knows of any such   default, specifying the same) and (d) such other matters as the requesting party or such party s   mortgagee shall reasonably request; it being intended that any such statement may conclusively   be relied upon by Landlord (if requested by Landlord), Tenant (if requested by Tenant), any   person proposing to acquire Tenant s or Landlord s interest in this Lease or any prospective   mortgagee of or assignee of any mortgage upon Landlord s interest, as applicable. Any such   certification shall be deemed to have been given for good and valuable consideration whether so   stated or not.      23. Non-Liability of Landlord. Except to the extent occasioned by the negligence or   willful misconduct of Landlord and/or Landlord s employees, agents, owners, contractors,   managers, directors and/or licensees (each, a  Landlord Party ), but in all such cases subject to   the provisions of Section 9(f), Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant, and Tenant hereby waives   all claims against Landlord, for any injury or damage to any person or property in or about the   Premises resulting from the Premises, or any part thereof or any equipment thereof, becoming out   of repair; flooding of basements or other areas; damages caused by sprinkling devices, air   conditioning apparatus, snow, frost, water leakage, steam, excessive heat or cold, falling plaster,   broken glass, sewage, gas, odors or noise or the bursting or leaking of pipes or  plumbing fixtures;   any act or neglect of other tenants or occupants or employees in the Premises; or any other thing   or circumstance whatsoever concerning the Premises, whether of a like nature or of a wholly   different nature, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. All property in or  about the   Premises belonging to Tenant, its agents, employees or invitees shall be there at the risk of Tenant   or other person only, and Landlord shall not be liable for damage thereto or theft, misappropriation   or loss thereof unless caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord (but in all cases   subject to the provisions of Section 9(f)). If Landlord shall fail to perform any covenant or   condition of this Lease upon Landlord s part to be performed and, as a consequence of such default,   Tenant shall recover a money judgment against Landlord, then such judgment shall be satisfied   only out of the right, title and interest of Landlord in the Premises and out of rents or other income,   insurance proceeds, condemnation proceeds, financing or refinancing and/or sale proceeds from   the Premises receivable by Landlord and Landlord shall not be personally liable for any   deficiency. In no event shall the members, managers, officers, directors, agents, partners,   principals, employees and/or shareholders of Landlord have any liability whatsoever for any   damages and/or liability under this Lease and, subject to all limitations on Landlord s liability   contained herein, Tenant will look solely to Landlord for the recovery of any damages or   otherwise under any terms, covenants or conditions contained in this Lease.      24. Transfer by Landlord. In the event of a sale or conveyance by Landlord of the   Premises, the same shall operate to release Landlord from any future liability upon any of the   covenants or conditions herein contained which accrue after the date of transfer, and in such event   Tenant agrees to look solely to the successor in interest of Landlord in and to this Lease, provided,   further, that the transferee expressly agrees in writing to assume the Landlord s obligations under   this Lease. This Lease shall not be affected by any such sale or conveyance, and Tenant agrees to   attorn to the successor in interest of Landlord in and to this Lease, which successor in interest   shall be obligated on this Lease only so long as it is the owner of Landlord s interest in and to this   Lease.      

27    25. No Liens. Except as expressly permitted elsewhere in this Lease without in each   instance the prior written consent of Landlord, Tenant shall not directly or indirectly create or   permit to be created or to remain, and will immediately discharge, any lien, encumbrance, or   charge on, or pledge of, the Premises, or any part thereof, the interest of Tenant hereunder or   therein, or the rent or other payments hereunder, other than: (a) this Lease; (b) any assignment,   pledge, lien, encumbrance, charge, conditional sale, or title retention agreement affecting the   Premises, resulting solely from (i) any action by Landlord or (ii) any liability or obligation of   Landlord which Tenant is not obligated by this Lease to assume; (c) liens for Taxes not yet   payable; or (d) liens of mechanics, materialmen, suppliers, or vendors, or rights thereto, incurred   in the ordinary course of business for sums which under the terms of the related contracts are not   yet due, provided that such reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as may be required by   generally accepted accounting principles shall have been made therefor. In amplification and not   in limitation of the foregoing, Tenant shall not knowingly permit any portion of the Premises to   be used by any person or persons or by the public, as such, at any time or times during the term   of this Lease, in such manner as might tend to impair the title or interest of Landlord in the   Premises, or any portion thereof, or in such manner as might make possible a claim or claims of   adverse use, adverse possession, prescription, dedication, or other similar claims of, in, to, or with   respect to the Premises, or any part thereof.      26. Net Lease. This Lease is intended to be and shall be an absolute  net, net, net    lease, and the rent and all other sums payable hereunder by Tenant (all of which shall be deemed   to be additional rent) shall be paid without notice or demand and without set-off, counterclaim,   abatement, suspension, deduction, or defense except to the extent (if any) otherwise expressly set   forth in this Lease. As more particularly set forth herein, Tenant shall pay all Taxes, insurance   premiums, maintenance, repair and replacement costs and expenses, utility charges and expenses,   and all other costs and expenses, of whatever nature, relating in any way to the Premises and/or   the operation thereof during the term of this Lease except as otherwise expressly provided in this   Lease. In addition, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect and the obligations of Tenant   hereunder shall not be released, discharged, diminished, or otherwise affected by reason of any   damage to or destruction of the Premises, or any part or parts thereof; any partial taking; any   restriction on or prevention of or interference with any use of the Premises, or any part or parts   thereof, except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth in this Lease.      27. Environmental Covenants. Tenant shall not produce, use, store, or dispose of any   toxic or hazardous chemicals, wastes, materials or substances, or any pollutants or contaminants,   as those terms are defined in any applicable federal, state, local or other governmental law, statute,   ordinance, code, rule or regulation ( Hazardous Substances ) at, in, on, under or from the   Premises, except to the extent that such Hazardous Substances are used in or generated in the   ordinary course of operating and maintaining Tenant s business on the Premises and are produced,   stored, used, or disposed of in accordance with all such laws, statutes, ordinances, codes, permits,   rules and regulations which are applicable to the Premises or the Tenant ( Environmental   Regulations ) and except that certain non-friable asbestos in good condition or asbestos which   has been encapsulated in accordance with applicable Environmental Regulations may remain on   the Premises. Tenant shall not allow any Hazardous Substance to be emitted, discharged, released,   spilled or deposited from, in or on the Premises during the term of this Lease as a result of the act   or omission of Tenant or any Tenant Responsible Party.  In  addition,      

28    Tenant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to not allow any Hazardous Substance to be   emitted, discharged, released, spilled or deposited from, in or on the Premises during the term of   this Lease as a result of the act or omission of any parties other than Tenant or a Tenant   Responsible Party. In the event of a release of Hazardous Substances during the term of this Lease   (other than as allowed by Environmental Regulations), Tenant shall upon becoming aware of the   same (a) report such release to the applicable governmental authority in accordance with   applicable Environmental Regulations, and to Landlord within five (5) business days, (b) remove   and remediate such release as required by Environmental Regulations and (c) promptly provide   Landlord with any reports or other documentation related to its response to any such release,   except that to the extent that any such release is caused by the negligence or willful act of a   Landlord Party then Tenant s only obligation under this sentence is to notify Landlord thereof   under clause (a). If at any time Tenant receives a notice of violation, order, information request or   demand from an agency with jurisdiction over the Premises (as the case may be, an  NOV ),   Tenant shall notify Landlord within thirty (30) days of receipt that such NOV has been received   and Tenant shall respond to the NOV within the time period required by Environmental   Regulations. During the term of this Lease, Tenant shall obtain and maintain, or register under, as   applicable, all licenses and permits required by any Environmental Regulation. Tenant shall, in   accordance with Environmental Regulations, maintain all safety data sheets with respect to   Hazardous Substances stored or used by Tenant, and upon request by Landlord, Tenant shall   promptly provide a copy of such safety data sheets to Landlord. Landlord upon at least twenty    four (24) hours prior written notice to Tenant shall have the right to enter the Premises to inspect   the same for compliance with the provisions of this Section 27. Tenant agrees to indemnify   Landlord against, and to hold Landlord harmless from, any and all claims, demands, judgments,   fines, penalties, costs, damages and expenses, including court costs and reasonable attorneys, fees   in any suit, action administrative proceeding or negotiations resulting therefrom, and including   costs of investigation, remediation, clean-up and/or monitoring of the Premises and the   environment ( Environmental Claims ), resulting from (i) the presence or release of any   Hazardous Substances at the Premises that first occurs prior to the term of this Lease and resulted   from the acts or omissions of Tenant or any Tenant Responsible Party (as the case may be,  Tenant   Entities ), or (ii) the presence or release of any Hazardous Substances at the Premises that first   occurs during the term of this Lease (including any holdover period) except to the extent caused   by the negligence or willful act of a Landlord Party, in either case (i) or (ii) regardless of whether   or not the release or presence of such Hazardous Substances is a result of a violation by Tenant or   any Tenant Entities of this Section 27 or of any Environmental Regulation, to the fullest extent   permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall defend, indemnify   and hold harmless the Tenant and any Tenant Entities from any Environmental Claims to the   extent resulting from the negligence or willful act of Landlord and/or its agents, employees,   contractors, vendors, and invitees including but not limited to any exacerbation of any existing   conditions caused by the negligence or willful act of  Landlord and/or its employees, contractors,   vendors and invitees (as the case may be,  Landlord Entities ). The parties acknowledge that   Tenant or one or more Tenant Responsible Parties have been in possession or control of the Leased   Parcel prior to Effective Date and that under no circumstances whatsoever shall Landlord have   any liability to Tenant on account of any condition existing on or about the Leased Parcel on the   Effective Date or otherwise existing due to the act or omission of Tenant or any Tenant   Responsible Parties. As used herein,  Tenant Responsible  Party  shall mean, with respect to   Tenant, any present or former officer,    director,      

29    stockholder, member, manager, partner, affiliate, parent or subsidiary (whether direct or indirect),   agent, employee, contractor, vendor, invitee, subtenant, licensee or other party for whose conduct   Tenant may be legally responsible. Tenant s and Landlord s obligations and liabilities under this   Section 27 shall survive the termination of this Lease.      28. Representations.      (a) Landlord  represents and warrants to Tenant as of the Effective Date   that   (i) Landlord has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Lease and to comply with all   the provisions of this Lease, (ii) the performance by Landlord of Landlord s duties and obligations   under this Lease and of all other acts necessary and appropriate for the full consummation of the   lease of the Leased Parcel under this Lease are consistent with and not in violation of, and will   not create any adverse condition under, any contract, agreement or other instrument to which   Landlord is a party, or any judicial order or judgment of any nature by which Landlord is bound,   and (iii) there is no action, suit or proceeding pending or, to Landlord s actual knowledge,   threatened by or against or affecting Landlord which does or will involve or affect the Leased   Parcel or Landlord s title thereto, or Landlord s ability to perform its obligations under this Lease   or any documents entered into pursuant to this Lease.      (b) Tenant represents and warrants to Tenant as of the Effective Date that (i)   Tenant has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Lease and to comply with all the   provisions of this Lease, (ii) the performance by Tenant of Tenant s duties and obligations under   this Lease and of all other acts necessary and appropriate for the full consummation of the lease   of the Leased Parcel under this Lease are consistent with and not in violation of, and will not   create any adverse condition under, any contract, agreement or other instrument to which Tenant   is a party, or any judicial order or judgement of any nature by which Tenant is bound, and (iii)   there is no action, suit or proceeding pending or, to Tenant s actual knowledge, threatened by or   against or affecting Tenant which does or will involve or affect the Leased Parcel or Tenant s   interests under this Lease, or Tenant s ability to perform its obligation under this Lease or any   documents entered into pursuant to this Lease.      29. Execution. The submission of this document for examination does not constitute   an offer to lease, or a reservation of, or option for, the Premises and this document becomes   effective and binding only upon the execution and delivery hereof by both Landlord and Tenant.   Tenant confirms that Landlord has made no representations or promises with respect to the   Premises or the making or entry into of this Lease except as are expressly set forth herein, and   agrees that no claim or liability shall be asserted by Tenant against Landlord for, and Landlord   shall not be liable by reason of breach of any representations or promises not expressly stated in   this Lease. This Lease can be modified or altered only by agreement in writing between  Landlord   and Tenant.      30. Binding Effect. The covenants, agreements and obligations herein contained,   except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall extend to, bind and inure to the benefit of   the parties here to and their respective personal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns of   Tenant (but in the case of assigns only to the extent that assignment is permitted hereunder). No   third party, other than such successors and assigns, shall be entitled to enforce any or all of the   terms of this Lease or shall have rights hereunder whatsoever.      

30    31. Signs. Tenant may, at its sole cost and expense and without the necessity  of  obtaining   the consent of Landlord, prepare, install, affix or use any signs or other advertising or identifying media   on or about the exterior of the Premises identifying any occupants  of  the  Premises or their respective   businesses, provided that in no event shall  such  signage  adversely affect the structural integrity of   the  Improvements,  and  provided  further,  that  Tenant  shall comply with any and all governmental   laws, regulations, ordinances and rules and all recorded restrictions and covenants. Tenant shall   indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all claims, losses, liabilities, damages and expenses   (including reasonable attorney s fees) resulting from the installation of any signs or other advertising   or identifying media  pursuant  to this  Section  31.  Upon the termination of this Lease, by expiration   or otherwise, Tenant shall remove  any and  all signs or other advertising or identifying media installed   by Tenant and Tenant shall repair any damage as a result of such   removal.      32. Interpretation. The laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts shall govern the   validity, performance and enforcement of this Lease. The invalidity or unenforceability of any   provision of this Lease shall not affect or impair any other provision. Whenever the singular   number is used, the same shall include the plural, and the masculine gender shall include the   feminine and neuter genders. The captions appearing in this Lease are inserted only as a matter of   convenience and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of such sections   or paragraphs of this Lease nor in any way affect this Lease.      33. Force Majeure. In the event that Landlord or Tenant shall be delayed or hindered   in or prevented from the performance of any act required hereunder by reason of strikes, lockouts,   labor troubles, inability to procure materials, failure of power, restrictive governmental laws,   regulations, orders or decrees, riots, insurrection, war, acts of God, inclement weather, or other   reason beyond such party s reasonable control, then performance of such act shall be excused for   the period of the delay and the period for the performance of any such act shall be extended for a   period equivalent to the period of such delay; provided that nothing contained in this Section 33   shall excuse, delay or otherwise apply to the Tenant s obligation to pay rent or perform any other   monetary obligation hereunder or to any deadline set forth herein for a party to give the other party   any notice expressly provided for herein.      34. Corporate Authority. If Tenant is a corporation, each individual executing this   Lease on behalf of said corporation represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized to   execute and deliver this Lease on behalf of said corporation, in accordance with a duly adopted   resolution of the board of directors of said corporation, and that this Lease is binding upon said   corporation in accordance with its terms.      35. Project/Other Documents.      (a) Project.      (i) The parties acknowledge that, pursuant to the 144 Chelmsford Lease,   Landlord will have certain obligations to pursue such governmental permits and approvals and   take such other actions as shall be reasonably necessary in order for Landlord to (x) divide the   Landlord s Parcel into separate units of ownership for the Leased Parcel and for the 144   Chelmsford Parcel and (y) construct an approximately 59,000 square foot building with   related      

31    site improvements on the 144 Chelmsford Parcel. Tenant acknowledges that in so doing it may   become necessary for Landlord to (I) adjust the exact location of the lot line separating the Leased   Parcel and the 144 Chelmsford Parcel and/or the relative size of the Leased Parcel and the 144   Chelmsford Parcel, (II) increase, decrease or change certain site improvements or common   facilities located on the Leased Parcel or the 144 Chelmsford Parcel, (III) agree to certain   conditions  imposed  by governmental  authorities that will affect the Landlord s   Parcel,   (IV) grant or secure easements and/or other agreements with one or more third parties that will   affect the Leased Parcel or (V) modify the REA or other Permitted Encumbrances in a manner   that will affect the Leased Parcel (all of the foregoing being  Project Requirements ), such Project   Requirements to be governed by one or more documents effecting the same ( Project   Documents ). Landlord reserves the right to implement any Project Requirements, and to enter   into any Project Documents and deem the same to be Permitted Encumbrances, subject to Tenant s   approval not to be unreasonably withheld conditioned or delayed, and Tenant agrees to execute   any reasonable modifications of this Lease which may be required from time to time in order to   effect any of the same; provided, however, that (A) no such Project Requirements or Project   Documents shall alter the term of this Lease provided herein, increase the rent provided herein,   reduce the economic value to Tenant hereof, change in any manner any of the relative rights or   obligations or Tenant or Landlord hereunder, or require Tenant to incur any out-of  pocket cost   or adversely affect or increase the cost of Tenant s business operations at the Building and/or the   Premises and (B) all such Project Requirements or Project Documents shall be authorized or   required to be implemented pursuant to the terms of the 144 Chelmsford Lease. Any dispute under   the provisions of this subsection 35(a)(i) shall be resolved exclusively by Arbitration.      (ii) For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that under no   circumstances (x) shall Landlord have any liability to Tenant under this Lease on account of   Landlord s acts or omissions in violation of any of its obligations under the 144 Chelmsford Lease   or (y) shall Tenant have any liability to Landlord under this Lease on account of Tenant s acts or   omissions in violation of any of its obligations under the 144 Chelmsford Lease.      (b) Other Documents.      (i) Reference is made to a certain Reciprocal Easement Agreement of   even date herewith being entered into and recorded with the Middlesex North Registry of Deeds   and filed with the Middlesex Registry District of the Land Court concurrently with the execution   and delivery of this Lease (the  REA ). Capitalized terms used in this Section 35(b) and not   specifically defined in this Lease shall have the respective meanings assigned them under the   REA. Tenant is hereby designated as the Major Tenant of the 100 Property. Subject to all of the   terms and conditions set forth in this Lease and in the REA, Tenant shall have the following rights   during the term of this Lease (which rights shall be deemed included in the Ancillary Rights):      A. all easements granted to the 100 Owner under the REA, in   common with the 100 Owner, and others now or hereafter   entitled thereto in accordance with the terms of the REA;   and      

32    B. all rights reserved by the I 00 Owner on the I 00 Property in   connection with the 100 Owner s granting to others of   easements in the 144 Property pursuant to the REA, in common    with the 144 Owner.      (ii) During the term of this Lease, Tenant shall, on Landlord s behalf,   pay, perform and observe in a timely manner all of the obligations of Landlord under the REA,   any Permitted Encumbrances or any Project Documents (each, an  Other Document ) insofar as   they pertain to Tenant s (a) use or occupancy of the Premises, (b) exercise or enjoyment of any of   Tenant s rights under this Lease, or (c) compliance with any of Tenant s obligations under this   Lease (collectively,  Lease Matters  provided that such Lease Matters shall in no event be   deemed to include (x) any obligation of Landlord under any Other Document that is an obligation   of Landlord to Tenant as expressly set forth in this Lease or (y) any liability to the extent caused   by the negligence or willful act of Landlord. Tenant shall, from time to time upon the reasonable   request by Landlord, provide reasonable evidence of Tenant s compliance with the terms of the   preceding sentence (with respect to any specific obligations of Tenant thereunder). In any event,   Tenant shall not cause, suffer or permit any act or omission on or about the Premises or otherwise   in connection with any Lease Matters that would cause Landlord to be in violation (a  Violation )   of any of the Other Documents.      (iii) Landlord shall (A) perform and observe all of the terms, covenants,   provisions and conditions of any Other Documents on Landlord s part to be performed and   observed pursuant to the terms thereof, except for such obligations as are Tenant s responsibility   as set forth above, and (B) enforce the obligations of the other parties to any of the Other   Documents (an  Other Party ), in each case to the extent necessary for Landlord to comply with   Landlord s obligations to Tenant under this Lease. In no event whatsoever shall either party hereto   have any liability to the other on account of (x) any Other Party s failure to keep, observe or   perform its obligations pursuant to the Other Document or (y) the acts or omissions of any Other    Party, its agents, employees, invitees, guests, licenses or contractors.   (iv) In any case where Tenant shall request Landlord s consent,   permission or approval for any matter requiring Landlord s consent, permission or approval as set   forth in this Lease (a  Consent Request ) then, to the extent that such matter shall also require the   consent, permission or approval of an Other Owner, other than a Landlord Affiliate, under an   Other Document (an  Other Owner Consent ), Landlord shall have no obligation to act upon the   Consent Request unless and until such time as the Other Owner Consent shall have been given.   Upon Landlord s reasonable determination that the Consent Request is complete and in proper   form for consideration under both this Lease and the Other Document, Landlord shall request the   Other Owner Consent in accordance with the Other Document and thereafter use commercially   reasonable efforts in accordance with the Other Document to obtain the Other Owner Consent.   Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, any Consent  Request   to Landlord shall also be deemed to have been made to any Landlord Affiliate that is an Other   Owner. As used herein,  Landlord Affiliate  shall mean Landlord and/or a party that controls, is   controlled by, or is under common control with Landlord.   (v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above in this   Section 35(b), Landlord may by notice to Tenant require, in lieu of Landlord s taking any  direct      

33    action with respect to any Other Party or Other Document as set forth above in this Section 35(b),   that Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense (except to the extent that the action is required as a   result of Landlord s failure to have performed an obligation of Landlord under this Lease), take   such action on Landlord s behalf and in its name and, for purposes thereof, Tenant shall be deemed   subrogated to Landlord s rights under the Other Document to take such action. In taking any such   action, Tenant shall have the right, but not the obligation, to exercise any or all rights and remedies   as would be available to Landlord, at law or in equity, were Landlord to take the action directly.   Landlord agrees to sign, to the extent Landlord s signature is legally required or required under   the provisions of the Other Document, such demands, pleadings, and/or other documents that may   be reasonably required, and otherwise to enable Tenant to proceed as set forth above in this   subsection (v). In the event Landlord exercises its rights under this subsection (v), Tenant shall   provide Landlord with copies of all written notices, demands, communications and   correspondence of a material nature sent or received by Tenant in connection therewith,   simultaneously with their sending by Tenant or promptly upon  their receipt by Tenant.    36. Miscellaneous.      (a) Consent not a Waiver. The consent or approval by Landlord to or of any   act by Tenant requiring Landlord s consent or approval shall not be deemed to render unnecessary   Landlord s consent or approval to or of any subsequent similar act by Tenant.      (b) Entire Agreement. This Lease and the exhibits and rider, if any, attached   hereto and forming a part hereof, set forth all the covenants, promises, agreements, conditions and   understandings between Landlord and Tenant concerning the Premises and there are no covenants,   promises, agreements, conditions or understandings, either oral or written, between them other   than are herein set forth. No alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Lease shall be   binding upon Landlord or Tenant unless reduced to writing and signed by each party. The   invalidity of one or more phrases, clauses, sentences, Sections contained in this Lease shall not   affect the remaining portions of this Lease or any part thereof, and if any one or more of the   phrases, clauses, sentences, Sections contained in this Lease should be declared invalid by the   final order, decree or judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, including all appeals   therefrom, this Lease shall be construed as if such invalid phrases, clauses, sentences, Sections or   had not been inserted in this Lease.      (c) Independent Covenants. Tenant waives all rights to (i) any abatement,   suspension, deferment, reduction or deduction of or from rent, and/or (ii) quit, terminate or   surrender this Lease or the Premises or any part thereof, except, in either case, as expressly   provided herein. Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the obligations of Tenant hereunder   shall be separate and independent covenants and agreements, that rent shall continue to be payable   in all events and that the obligations of Tenant hereunder shall continue unaffected, unless the   requirement to pay or perform the same shall have been terminated pursuant to an express   provision of this Lease. Tenant agrees that Tenant shall not take any action to terminate, to rescind   or to avoid this Lease notwithstanding any default by Landlord hereunder except as a consequence   of Landlord s breach of its obligations under the first sentence of Section 19 or except to the extent   (if any) expressly set forth herein. Landlord and Tenant each acknowledges and agrees that the    independent  nature of the obligations  of Tenant  and  Landlord   hereunder      

34    represents fair, reasonable and accepted commercial practice with respect to the type of property   subject to this Lease, and that this agreement is the product of free and informed negotiation   during which both Landlord and Tenant were represented by counsel skilled in negotiating and   drafting commercial leases in Massachusetts and that the acknowledgements and agreements   contained herein are made with full knowledge of the holding in Wesson v. Leone Enterprises,   Inc., 437 Mass. 708 (2002). Such acknowledgements, agreements and waivers by Tenant are a   material inducement to Landlord entering into this Lease.      (d) Arbitration. As set forth only in Sections 35(a) and Section 36(r) hereof,   the parties have agreed to resolve certain disputes by arbitration in accordance with the Expedited   Arbitration Procedures provisions of the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American   Arbitration Association (or another arbitration company mutually acceptable to Landlord and   Tenant) and otherwise under the terms of this subsection 36(d) ( Arbitration ). Any such   Arbitration shall occur in a location mutually convenient to Landlord and Tenant (or, if Landlord   and Tenant cannot agree on a mutually convenient location, in the City of Boston, Massachusetts).   The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties, but the arbitrator   shall have no power to reform, supplement or modify this Lease. The arbitrator shall make   required findings incident to an arbitrable dispute, which findings shall be set forth in reasonable   detail in a written decision by the arbitrator. Unless otherwise expressly provided hereunder, the   parties shall share equally in all costs charged by the arbitrator or the arbitration company and   each party shall otherwise bear its own costs (including attorneys  fees) of any Arbitration.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Lease (but outside   of this subsection 36(d)), the arbitrator may (but shall not be obligated to), in its sole discretion,   determine the prevailing party in any such Arbitration and award such prevailing party all of the   prevailing party s costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Arbitration (including   without limitation attorneys  fees and costs).      (e) Accord and Satisfaction. No payment by Tenant or receipt by Landlord of   a lesser amount than the monthly or any other rent or charge herein stipulated shall be deemed to   be other than on account, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or any letter   accompanying any check or payment of any rent or charge be deemed an accord and satisfaction,   and Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord s right to recover   the balance of such rent or charge or pursue any other remedy in this Lease provided.      (f) No Agency. Nothing contained in this Lease shall be taken or construed  to   create any agency between Landlord and Tenant or to authorize the Tenant to do any act or thing   or to make any contract so as to encumber in any manner the title of the Landlord to the Premises   or to create any claim or lien upon the interest of the Landlord in the Premises.      (g) Memorandum of Lease. Landlord and Tenant shall, upon request of either   party, execute and record a notice of this lease in the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT E;   provided that the party requesting the memorandum shall pay all recording and state, county and   local transfer fees and/or taxes imposed as a result of such notice.      (h) Financial Statements. Except with respect to any such time as Tenant is a   corporation whose shares are traded on a US public securities exchange, Tenant shall within 30   days after receipt of written request from Landlord but, so long as no Event of Default exists, not      

35       more frequently than once within any twelve-month period, provide to Landlord, for the benefit   of Landlord, Landlord s mortgagee and any prospective investors, mortgagee or purchaser of the   Premises (i) a balance sheet and profit and loss statement of Tenant for Tenant s most recent fiscal   year, and (ii) a detailed operating statement of the Premises for the most recent calendar year   (collectively,  Financial Statements ).      (i) Confidentiality. The parties acknowledge that the specific terms and   conditions of this Lease and any documents made available to Landlord by Tenant hereunder are   of a confidential nature and shall not be disclosed except to Tenant s or Landlord s respective   affiliates, officers, directors, principals, members, employees, agents, attorneys, partners,   accountants, lenders (existing or prospective), investors (existing or prospective) or prospective   purchasers (collectively, for purposes of this Section 36, the  Permitted Outside Parties ) or as   required by law. No party, including Permitted Outside Parties, shall make any public disclosure   of the specific terms of this Lease or of any of such documents, except as required by law   (including SEC regulations and NYSE or NASDAQ requirements). In connection with the   negotiation, execution, delivery, performance and administration of this Lease, each party   acknowledges that it may have access to confidential information relating to the other party. Each   party shall treat such information as confidential, preserve the confidentiality thereof, and not   duplicate or use such information, except to Permitted Outside Parties or otherwise in connection   with the negotiation, execution, delivery, performance and administration of this Lease (or in   connection with a party s disposition of an interest in this Lease or in the Premises). Except as   required by applicable law, neither party shall issue any press release or make any statement to   the media regarding the execution and delivery of this Lease without the other party s consent,   which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The provisions of this Section shall   survive any termination of this Agreement. The terms of this Section  36(i) shall not apply to any   information that is or becomes publicly known other than through a party s breach of its   obligations under this Section 36(i).      (j) Counterparts. This Lease may be executed in any number of counterparts, each   of which shall be deemed  to be an original  and all of which together shall constitute  but one  in the   same  instrument.      (k) Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to every provision   of this Lease providing for performance, action or inaction by a specified date or within a specified   period of time.      (1) Survival of Obligations. Any obligations of Tenant occurring prior to the   expiration or earlier termination of this Lease shall survive such expiration or earlier termination.      (m) Broker. Landlord and Tenant each covenant that they have not dealt with   any real estate broker, finder or other such party entitled to be paid a fee or a commission with   respect to this Lease, except for Mark Mulvey of Cushman   Wakefield ( Broker ), whose fees   shall be payable by Landlord pursuant to a separate written agreement between Landlord and   Broker. Except for the Broker, each party shall indemnify and hold the other party harmless from   all damages, claims, liabilities or expenses, including reasonable attorneys  fees, resulting from   any claims that may be asserted against the other party by any real estate broker or finder with   whom the indemnifying party either has or is purported to have dealt.      

36    (n) Waiver of Jury Trial. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY   LAW, LANDLORD AND TENANT EACH WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN   ANY LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF OR WITH RESPECT TO THIS LEASE.      (o) OFAC. Tenant and Landlord hereby represents and warrants to each other   that for itself it is not, nor will it become, a person or entity with whom U.S. persons or entities   are restricted from doing business under regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the   Department of the Treasury (including those named on OFAC s Specially Designated and Blocked   Persons List) or under any statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001, Executive   Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to   Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action.      (p) REIT/UBTI. The Landlord and the Tenant hereby agree that it is their intent   that all Base Rent, and all other additional rent and any other rent and charges payable to the   Landlord under this Lease shall qualify as  rents from real property  within the meaning of   Sections 512(b)(3) and 856(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the  Code )   and the U.S. Department of the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the  Regulations ).   In the event that (i) the Code or the Regulations, or interpretations thereof by the Internal Revenue   Service contained in revenue rulings or other similar public pronouncements, shall be changed so   that any rent no longer so qualifies as  rent from real property  for purposes of either said Section   512(b)(3) or Section 856(d) or (ii) the Landlord, in its sole discretion, determines that there is any   risk that all or part of any rent shall not qualify as  rents from real property  for the purposes of   either said Sections 512(b)(3) or 856(d), such rent shall be adjusted in such manner as the Landlord   may reasonably require so that it will so qualify; provided, however, that any adjustments required   pursuant to this Section 36(p) shall be made so as to produce the equivalent (in economic terms)   rent as payable prior to such adjustment. The parties agree to execute such further commercially   reasonable instrument as may reasonably be required by the Landlord in order to give effect to the   foregoing provisions of this Section 36(p).      (q) Activity and Use Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary   contained herein, Tenant and Landlord acknowledge that the Landlord s Parcel (including without   limitation the Premises) is subject to an Activity and Use Limitation (the  Existing AUL )   pursuant to the terms of Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 21E, recorded with the Middlesex   North Registry of Deeds at Book 21997, Page 35, a copy of which has been provided to Tenant.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant and Landlord acknowledge   that all of Tenant s and Landlord s rights and interests under this Lease are subject to the Existing   AUL and under no circumstances shall Tenant and/or Landlord make any use of the Premises or   conduct any activity thereon that is prohibited by the Existing AUL.      (r) Limited  Sale  Profit  Participation Right.      (1) Upon a Sale for which (a) the closing (the  Closing,  with the date   of Closing being the  Closing Date ) occurs prior to the earlier to occur of the third (3rd)   anniversary of the Commencement Date or an Exempt Sale and (b) the applicable Net Sale   Proceeds are at least equal to the applicable IRR Amount as of the Closing Date, if this Lease is   then in full force and effect Landlord shall pay to Tenant the applicable Profit Share Amount   simultaneously with the Closing Date.  As used herein:      

37     Acquisition  means the acquisition by Landlord and/or a Landlord Affiliate of the Leased Parcel   and/or the 144 Chelmsford Parcel in connection with the execution and delivery of this Lease.    Acquisition Costs  means, as applicable:   A. if the Subdivision shall not have occurred, the Purchase Price plus the Transaction   Costs for the Acquisition; or      B. if the Subdivision shall have occurred, the Purchase Price plus the Transaction   Costs for the Acquisition, multiplied by 66.67%.       Development Costs  means, with respect to any or all hard and soft costs or expenses of   subdividing, developing and improving the Leased Parcel and/or the 144   Chelmsford Parcel (and/or any respective appurtenances), including without   limitation development, architectural, engineering, project management,   permitting and legal costs, costs of environmental remediation and costs of   construction and site work, as applicable:   A. if the Subdivision shall not have occurred, all such costs or expenses; or      B. if the Subdivision shall have occurred, all such Costs or expenses as shall be   equitably allocable to the Leased Parcel (with costs and expenses that benefit both   the Leased Parcel and the 144 Chelmsford Parcel being generally allocated on the   basis of the amount of relative gross building square footage then built or  intended   to be built for the respective parcels).       Investment  means, as applicable:   A. if the Subdivision shall not have occurred, the aggregate of the Acquisition Costs   and Development Costs for the Leased Parcel and the 144 Chelmsford Parcel; or   B. if the Subdivision shall have occurred, the aggregate of the Acquisition Costs and   Development Costs for the Leased Parcel.    IRR Amount  means an internal rate ofreturn of 10% per annum, compounded annually, on the   sum of the aggregate applicable Investment of the Landlord and/or its affiliates, commencing on   the date that any applicable Investment is made (with such internal rate of return to be calculated   using the XIRR Function of Microsoft Excel).    Net Sale Proceeds  means the proceeds of the Sale received by Landlord at the Closing net of   the aggregate of the applicable Transaction Costs for the Sale.    Profit Share Amount  means twenty percent (20%) of the difference between (i) the applicable   Net Sale Proceeds and (ii) the applicable IRR Amount.    Purchase Price  means four million two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($4,250,000).      

38     Sale  means a sale or transfer of Landlord s fee simple interest in the Leased Parcel and, if the   Subdivision shall not have occurred, the 144 Chelmsford  Parcel.  Without  limitation,  a   Sale   shall   not include (i) the granting of a mortgage or a sale or transfer  in  connection  with  a  foreclosure of a   mortgage or by deed in lieu of foreclosure (together  with  any  sale  or  transfer under clause (iii)   immediately below, an  Exempt Sale  (ii) a sale  or  transfer  of  Landlord s interest to a Landlord   Affiliate, or by descent or devise following the death of any  person  comprising Landlord, or in   connection with a merger or sale of all  or  substantially  all  of  Landlord s assets, or otherwise by   operation of law; or (iii)  a  sale  or  transfer  of  Landlord s  interest as part of a transaction by Landlord   and/or any Landlord Affiliates  that also  includes at  least two (2) properties outside of the 144   Chelmsford Parcel, the Leased Parcel  or  the  Hale Property (as defined in the REA); provided that in   the event of the occurrence of any of the  foregoing events other than an Exempt Sale, the provision    of this Section  36(r) shall continue  in  full force and effect with  respect to any subsequent   Sale.    Subdivision  means the division of the Landlord s Parcel into separate legal lots comprised of   the Leased Parcel and the 144 Chelmsford Parcel.    Transaction Costs  means, with respect to the Acquisition or Sale, as applicable, any or all actual   and reasonable or necessary costs or expenses of consummating the particular transaction incurred   by or equitably allocable to Landlord and/or any Landlord Affiliates therefor, including, without   limitation legal fees, closing costs, escrow fees, recording fees, title examination and insurance   costs, survey costs, due diligence investigation or monitoring costs and/or brokerage fees.       (2) The parties acknowledge that the 144 Chelmsford Lease contains   provisions that are corollary to this Section 36(r) (the 144 Chelmsford Profit Share Provisions )   and agree that all accounting relevant to this this Section 36(r) shall occur in a manner consistent   with all accounting relevant to the 144 Chelmsford Profit Share Provisions (in order that, among   other things, there shall be no so-called  double counting  of any amounts owed, collectively, to   Tenant pursuant to this Section 36(r) and/or to the tenant under the 144 Chelmsford Lease   pursuant to the 144 Chelmsford Profit Share Provisions).   (3) Any dispute under the foregoing provisions of this Section 36(r)   shall be settled exclusively by Arbitration under Section 36(d) above.   (4) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, Tenant s   rights under this Section 36(r) are personal to the Tenant originally named herein and any   successor thereto pursuant to a Permitted Transfer, but shall not otherwise be transferable or   assignable. Further notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Landlord shall   have no obligation to pay Tenant any Profit Share Amount at any time in which Tenant shall be   in default of any of its obligations under this Lease beyond any applicable notice or cure period.   (s) No Merger. There shall be no merger of the leasehold estate created by this   Lease with the fee estate in the Leased Parcel by reason of the fact that the same person or entity   may own or hold (i) the leasehold estate created by this Lease or any interest in such leasehold   estate and (ii) the fee estate in the Leased Parcel or any interest in such fee estate; and no such   merger shall occur unless and until all persons and other entities having (a) any interest in this   Lease or the leasehold estate created by this Lease (excluding subtenants) and (b) any fee      

39    simple interest in the Leased Parcel or any part thereof shall join in a written instrument effecting   such  merger and shall duly record the  same.         [BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]      

40    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Lease as of the date first   above written.      LANDLORD:               By:      Name:   Title:            TENANT:      MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS   HOLDINGS INC.,   a Delaware corporation         By:----------------    Name:   Title:      

Exhibit A, Page 1       EXHIBIT A      DESCRIPTION OF LANDLORD S PARCEL         100   144 Chelmsford Street   Lowell,  Massachusetts         The land situated on Chelmsford Street, in Lowell. Middlesex County, Massachusetts, shown as   Lots 1-1B-4 and I-1B-5 on a plan entitled  Compiled Disposition Map of Lots I-1B-3, I-1B-4     I-lB-5 in Lowell, Mass., Hale Howard Urban Renewal Area, Project No. Mass. R-130  dated   March 30, 1977, by Dana P. Perkins   Sons, Inc. Civil Engineers   Surveyors , recorded with   Middlesex North District Deeds in Plan Book 124, Plan 46, bounded and described as follows:      NORTHEASTERLY: by land now or formerly of the Boston   Maine Railroad Corp., as shown   on said plan, by three bounds totaling 649.97 feet;      SOUTHEASTERLY  by  said  land  of  Boston     Maine  Railroad  Corp.,  as  shown  on  said plan,    27.97 feet;      NORTHEASTERLY again, by said land of Boston   Mane Railroad Corp.,  as shown  on  said    plan,  265.16 feet;      SOUTHEASTERLY again, by Lot I-1 B-3, as shown on said plan, 412.45 feet;   SOUTHEASTERLY again, by said Lot I-1 B-3, as shown on said plan, 277.71 feet;   SOUTHWESTERLY by Lot I-IA, as shown on said plan, 300 feet;   NORTHWESTERLY  by Chelmsford  Street,  270 feet; and   NORTHWESTERLY again, by said Chelmsford Street by three courses totaling 1,042.23 feet;   Comprised  in part by two parcels of registered  land;  namely,   Registered Parcel 1:      A certain parcel of land situated in said Lowell, bounded and described as follows:   NORTHEASTERLY by Howard Street, fifty-two (52) feet;   SOUTHEASTERLY  by land now or formerly of David Ziskind,    one hundred  twelve (112) feet;       

Exhibit A, Page 2       SOUTHWESTERLY by land now or formerly of Charles E. Jameson, fifty-two and 1/100   (52.01) feet; and      NORTHWESTERLY by land now or formerly oflsrael Levin, one hundred thirteen and 28/100   (113.28) feet.      

Exhibit A, Page 3    All of said boundaries of said Registered  Parcel 1 are determined  by the Land court to be located   as   shown on Plan 5672-A entitled  Plan of Land in Lowell  drawn by Smith and Brooks, Civil Engineers,   dated October 15, 1915, as approved by the Court, filed  in  the  Land  Registration Office, a copy of   a portion of which is filed with Certificate  of  Title  No.  951  issued  by  Middlesex  North Registry    District of the Land  Court.      Registered Parcel 2:      A certain  parcel of land situated  in said Lowell, bounded and described as   follows:      NORTHWESTERLY by land now or formerly of Minnie Bernstein and Mary F. Hardy, forty-six   and 68/100 (46.68) feet;      SOUTHEASTERLY by Lot 5, twenty-five and 07/100 (25.07) feet;   SOUTHWESTERLY by Lot 6, thirty-three and 94/100 (33.94) feet.   All of said boundaries of said Registered Parcel 2 are determined by the Land Court to be located and   shown on Subdivision Plan 6039-B entitled  Subdivision Plan of Land in Lowell  drawn by Dana F.   Perkins   Sons, Inc., Surveyors, dated December  22,  1976,  as approved  by the Court, filed in the   Land Registration Office, a copy of a portion  of  which  is filed  with  Certificate  of  Title No. 21963   issued by said Registry  District, and  said  Registered  Parcel  3 is shown as Lot 7  on said plan.      Excepting and excluding from the foregoing the    following:      So much of the premises as lies within former Railroad Street as the same  is now or formerly  owned   by Boston and Maine Corporation as set forth in Deed from the Trustees of Boston and  Maine Railroad   Corporation to City Development Authority dated January 5, 1977, recorded  in Book  2242, Page   527.      So much of the land taken by the City of Lowell by right of eminent domain by Order of Taking   dated September 8, 1998, recorded in Book 9590, Page 157 and filed as Document No. 178630,   and shown thereon as Parcel 1 and Parcel 2 on a  Plan of Land in Lowell, Mass. Prepared for   Lowell Regional Transit Authority  dated September 25, 1998 by Vaidya Consultants, Inc.,   recorded in Plan Book 198, Plan 71, and filed as Document No. 178630. See also Land Court   Order flied as Document No. 184737.      Said land is also shown as Lot 1-lB-5 on plan entitled  Plan of Land in Lowell, Mass.  dated   September 25, 1998, prepared by Vaidya Consultants, Inc. recorded with the Middlesex North   District Registry of Deeds in Plan Book 198, Plan 71.      

Exhibit A-1, Page I    EXHIBIT A-1      PLAN SHOWING LANDLORD S PARCEL,   THE LEASED PARCEL AND THE 144 CHELMSFORD PARCEL          (appended hereto)      

Exhibit A-1, Page 2                   

Exhibit A-2, Page 1         EXHIBIT A-2      PLAN SHOWING THE EXISTING BUILDING         (appended  hereto)      

S!TE PLAN   EXHIBIT A-2      SGA COMMUNICATING    COLLABORATING    CREATING MACOM - CONCEPT DESIGN 04. 19 16 2      HALE STREET BUILDING      

Exhibit B, Page 1    EXHIBITB   TENANT S WORK   Tenant shall perform any work required to permit Tenant to occupy the Premises for the   conduct of Tenant s business ( Tenant s Work ), including without limitation, the work (if any)   described on Exhibit B-1 attached hereto. Tenant shall not commence any of Tenant s Work until   Tenant has submitted to Landlord plans and specifications (in such detail as Landlord shall   reasonably require) for such work and Landlord has approved such plans and specifications in   writing. Landlord s approval of such plans and specifications shall not be unreasonably withheld,   delayed or conditioned, subject to the terms and conditions of Section 8 of this Lease. Landlord s   approval of Tenant s plans and specifications for Tenant s Work shall create no responsibility or   liability on the part of Landlord for their completeness, design sufficiency, or compliance with   any and all applicable laws.      Tenant s Work shall be performed in accordance with such approved plans and   specifications and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Lease, including, without   limitation, Section 8 hereof. Tenant shall commence Tenant s Work promptly after receipt of   Landlord s approval of Tenant s plans and specifications (but not before the Commencement Date)   and shall diligently prosecute the same to completion. Tenant s Work shall be performed in a good   and workmanlike manner, and in compliance with all applicable laws. If Tenant does not then   satisfy the Financial Prerequisite, then, prior to beginning Tenant s Work, Tenant shall obtain   appropriate performance and payment bonds covering the labor and materials required to   complete Tenant s Work. Landlord shall not be responsible to provide any construction   management services to Tenant.      Subject to the provisions of Section 8, prior to beginning Tenant s Work, Tenant shall also   deliver to Landlord and Landlord s mortgagee (if applicable), at Tenant s cost, a builder s risk   insurance policy naming Landlord and Landlord s mortgagee as additional insureds, as their   interests may appear, with the amount and type of coverage then being reasonably required by   Landlord and Landlord s mortgagee and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for   insurance set forth in Section 9 of this Lease, together with evidence that the premium for said   insurance has been paid in full by Tenant for a period of no less than one year. All contractors and   subcontractors shall be required to procure and maintain insurance against such risks, in such   amounts, and with such companies as required under Section 9 of this Lease. Certificates of such   insurance, with paid receipts therefor, must be received by Landlord before Tenant s Work is   commenced.      Landlord shall provide to Tenant a construction allowance (the  Construction   Allowance ) in the amount of Four Million Dollars ($4,000,000.00) for the Tenant s Work, as   evidenced by copies of paid receipts for such work. The Construction Allowance shall not be used   for Tenant s furniture, equipment, personal property, or trade fixtures but may however be used   for improvements related to Tenant s business operations at either the Premises, 121 Hale Street,   Lowell, MA and/or 144 Chelmsford Street, Lowell, MA.      

Exhibit B, Page 2    Landlord shall upon execution of this Lease deposit the entire Construction Alowance with   Landlord s mortgagee (or, if there is no mortgagee with a title company, bank, trust company,   fiduciary or other financial institutional approved by Tenant in its reasonable discretion) as the    Escrow Agent  and the Escrow Agent shall disburse the Construction Allowance to Tenant, not   more frequently than once per month, for the purpose of reimbursing Tenant, in part, for its   payments to contractors and subcontractors, materialmen and/or suppliers in connection with   Tenant s Work. As a condition precedent to Landlord s obligation to pay the Construction   Allowance or any portion thereof: (i) Tenant shall not be in default beyond any applicable notice   and cure periods; (ii) this Lease shall be in full force and effect; and (iii) Tenant shall have furnished   to Landlord and Escrow Agent (A) a certificate from Tenant s architect certifying that Tenant s   Work has been fully completed to the extent of the funds requested in accordance with the plans   and specifications therefor approved by Landlord; (B) such evidence as Landlord and/or   Landlord s mortgagee may reasonably require to evidence that all persons furnishing or supplying   labor and materials in connection with the construction of the Tenant s Work for which payment   is required, or in the case of completion of a portion of the Tenant s Work, have been paid and   that no lien exists of record with respect thereto; and (C) any other instruments, plans and/or   certificates reasonably required by Landlord and/or Landlord s mortgagee. Landlord shall fund   the Construction Allowance within fifteen (15) days from Tenant s written request for the same   provided that Tenant has complied with the requirements set forth in the preceding sentence. Upon   paying the full amount of the Construction Allowance to Tenant in accordance with the provisions   hereof, Landlord shall have no further obligation to extend any credit to Tenant. Notwithstanding   any provision in this Exhibit B or the Lease to the contrary, all of Tenant s Work must be fully   completed, and all items to be provided to Landlord pursuant to this paragraph must be provided,   within two (2) years from the date of execution of this Lease in order for Landord s obligations   with respect to the Construction Allowance to apply. If Landlord fails to make the payment of the   entire Construction Allowance as required hereunder and the same shall continue unremedied for   twenty (20) days after Tenant s notice thereof to Landlord and Landlord s mortgagee, then Tenant   may deduct any unpaid amount from all rent payments then or thereafter due until fully paid.      

Exhibit B-1, Page 1    EXHIBIT B-1      

Exhibit C, Page 1    EXHIBIT C      SUBORDINATION, NON-DISTURBANCE AND   ATTORNMENTAGREEMENT         This Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attomment Agreement  (this  Agreement )  is   dated this   day of , 2016  between --------------    ( Lender )  and MACOM  TECHNOLOGY  SOLUTIONS  HOLDINGS  INC., a Delaware   corporation ( Tenant ).      RECITALS      A. Tenant has entered into a certain lease (the  Lease ) dated , 2016   with (the  Landlord ) of the land and buildings located at 100  Chelmsford Street,    Lowell,  Massachusetts.   The  leased  premises  described  in  the  Lease  are  hereinafter referred   to as the  Premises.       B. Lender  has  made  a loan  to  Landlord,  which  loan  is secured  by a  mortgage  and   security agreement dated , 20   , recorded  with  the Essex  North  Registry of   Deeds in Book   , Page and filed  with  the Essex North  Registry  District of   the   Land Court as Document  (the  Mortgage ),  and an assignment  of leases and rents   dated , 20--  recorded with said Registry in  Book_, Page and filed with said   land Court as Document  (the  Assignment ), both with respect to the Premises.      D. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein  shall  have the respective  meanings set   forth in the  Lease.      For mutual consideration, the receipt and  sufficiency  of  which  is hereby  acknowledged, the   parties  hereto  agree as follows:      1. Tenant agrees that the leasehold of the Lease is and  shall  be  subject  and subordinate   to the lien of the Mortgage and to the lien of the Assignment and to all renewals, amendments,   modifications, consolidations, replacements  and  extensions  thereof,  now  or  hereafter executed, to   the full extent of all amounts secured  thereby,  said  subordination  to have  the same force and effect   as if the Mortgage and  the  Assignment,  and  such  renewals, modifications, consolidations,   replacements and extensions thereof, had been executed, acknowledged, delivered and recorded prior   to the execution and delivery of the Lease and any recorded notice or memorandum  thereof,  and    amendments  or  modifications  thereto.  However, the foregoing subordination provision shall not be    deemed  or  construed  as  limiting  Tenant s  rights under the Lease and/or  Landlord s  obligations    thereunder,  including  without  limitation  with respect to the use of insurance proceeds and   condemnation awards and, notwithstanding any inconsistent provisions of the Mortgage with respect   thereto, such proceeds and awards shall be applied as set forth  in the Lease.      

Exhibit C, Page 2    2. Lender agrees that Tenant shall not be named or joined as a party defendant in any   action, suit or proceeding which may be instituted by Lender to foreclose or seek other remedies   under the Mortgage or the Assignment by reason of a default or event of default under the   Mortgage or the Assignment, unless applicable law requires Tenant to be made a party thereto as   a condition to Lender s proceeding against Landlord or prosecuting such rights and remedies.   Lender further agrees that, in the event of any entry by Lender pursuant to the Mortgage, a   foreclosure of the Mortgage, or the exercise by Lender of any of its rights under the Mortgage or   Assignment, Lender shall not disturb Tenant s right of possession of the Premises under the terms   of the Lease so long as Tenant is not in default beyond applicable notice and cure periods in the   Lease.      3. Tenant agrees that, in the event of a foreclosure of the Mortgage by Lender, the   acceptance of a deed in lieu of foreclosure by Lender, or Lender s exercise of any of its rights   under the Mortgage or Assignment, Tenant will attorn to and recognize Lender as its landlord   under the Lease for the remainder of the term of the Lease (including all optional extension terms   which have been or are hereafter exercised) upon the same terms and conditions as are set forth   in the Lease, and Tenant hereby agrees to perform all of the obligations of Tenant pursuant to the   Lease.      4. Tenant agrees that, in the event Lender succeeds to the interest of Landlord under   the Lease:      (a) Lender shall not be liable in damages for any act or omission of any prior   landlord (including Landlord), provided nothing herein shall derogate from the   obligation of Lender to perform all of the obligations of Landlord pursuant to the   Lease arising, accruing or continuing from and after such time as Lender succeeds   to the interest of Landlord under the Lease;      (b) Lender shall not be liable for the return of any security deposit unless such   security deposit is actually received by Lender;      (c) Lender shall not be bound by any Base Rent or additional  rent  which  Tenant   might have prepaid for more than one (1)  month  in  advance  under  the Lease (unless   so required  to have  been  prepaid  under the Lease);      (d) Lender shall not be bound by any amendments or modifications of the   Lease made after the date hereof without consent of Lender which have the effect   of materially increasing Landlord s obligations under the Lease, reducing rent or   otherwise materially reducing any of Tenant s obligations under the Lease,   decreasing the Term or canceling the Lease prior to its expiration except as a result   of the exercise of a right to terminate as set forth in the Lease;      (e) Lender shall not be subject to any offsets or defenses which Tenant might   have against any prior landlord (including Landlord) except in cases where Tenant   has given Lender notice of the event or circumstances giving rise to  such      

Exhibit C, Page 3    damages, offsets or defenses and afforded Lender the same period of time in which   to cure as is provided to Landlord under the Lease; and      (f) Lender shall not be bound by any provisions in the Lease which obligate   Landlord to erect or complete any building and/or to make any improvements to   the Premises.      5. Lender hereby approves of, and consents to, the Lease. Notwithstanding anything   to the contrary contained in the Mortgage or the Assignment, Tenant shall be entitled to use and   occupy the Premises and exercise all its rights under the Lease, and the Lease and Landlord s  and   Tenant s performance thereunder shall not constitute a default under the Mortgage or Assignment.   Tenant agrees to give Lender a copy of any notice of default under the Lease  served upon   Landlord at the same time as such notice is given to Landlord.      6. [Intentionally deleted.]      7. The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be automatic and self-operative   without execution of any further instruments on the part of any of the parties hereto. Without   limiting the foregoing, however, Lender and Tenant agree, within thirty (30) days after request   therefor by the other party, to execute an instrument in confirmation of the foregoing provisions,   in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender and Tenant, pursuant to which the parties   shall acknowledge the continued effectiveness of the Lease in the event of such foreclosure or   other exercise of rights.      8. Any notice to be delivered hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent registered   or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or overnight delivery by Federal   Express or similar overnight courier which delivers upon signed receipt of the addressee, or its   agent. The time of the giving of any notice shall be the time of receipt thereof by the addressee or   any agent of the addressee, except that in the event that the addressee shall refuse to receive any   notice, or there shall be no person available (during normal business hours) to receive such notice,   the time of giving notice shall be deemed to be the time of such refusal or attempted delivery as   the case may be. All notices addressed to Lender or Tenant, as the case may be, shall be delivered   to the respective addresses set forth opposite their names below, or such other addresses as they   may hereafter specify by written notice delivered in accordance herewith:   If to Tenant:   with a copy   simultaneously to:      If to Lender:      9. The term  Lender  as used herein includes any direct or more remote successor or   assign of the named Lender herein, including without limitation, any purchaser at a foreclosure   sale,  and  any successor  or assign  thereof, and  the term  Tenant  as  used  herein  includes any      

Exhibit C, Page 4    direct or more remote successor and  assign  of the named  Tenant  herein.  All terms used  herein  but   not defined herein which are defined in the Lease shall have the same meaning for purposes hereof as   they do for purposes  of the  Lease.      TENANT:      MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS   HOLDINGS INC.      By:  _   Name:    _   Title:   _            LENDER:         By:  _   Name:-----------   Title:  _      

Exhibit C, Page 5             COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS)   ) ss.   COUNTY  OF   -----------   On this day of    20        , before me,   the undersigned officer, personally appeared        ,who acknowledged  himself/herself to be the   _   of MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation, and   that he/she, as such  , being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing   instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing the name of the corporation by   himself/herself   as   -----------      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  I hereunto  set my hand and official  seal.      NOTARIAL      SEAL Notary Public   My  commission expires:            STATE OF   COUNTY OF   )   ) ss.   )   On this day of    20   , before me,      the undersigned officer, personally appeared     , who acknowledged himself/herself to be the  _   of    ---------------   , a ,  and  that  he/she,  as such   ---------   , being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the   purposes   therein   contained   by  signing  the  name  of  the by   himself/herself  as         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  I hereunto  set my hand and official  seal.      NOTARIAL      SEAL Notary Public      My  commission expires:      

Exhibit D, Page 1    EXHIBITD   PERMITTED  ENCUMBRANCES      1. Easement from The City Development Authority  to  Massachusetts  Electric  Company dated   March 24, 1977, recorded in Book 2241, Page 309, as affected by Easement Agreement  dated    July 19, 1982, recorded  in Book 2547, Page  94.      2. Covenants set forth in Deed from City Development Authority to City of Lowell dated   October 2, 1978, recorded in Book 2332, Page 534, at Page 549 and filed as Document   No. 76121 to the extent in force and applicable.      3. Taking by the City of Lowell for layout of Chelmsford Street dated January 17, 1979,   recorded in Book 2349, Page 216.      4. Covenants and easements contained in Deed from City of Lowell to  Wang  Laboratories dated   December 31, 1980, recorded in Book 2459, Page 212 and filed as Document No. 81413.      5. Access and License Agreement by and between AMP Incorporated, M/A-Com,  Division  and   L Energia Limited Partnership, dated November 17, 1997,  recorded  in  Book  8910, Page 285,   and re-recorded in Book 9034, Page 184,  as  amended  by  Amendment  Agreement  dated    February  25, 1999, recorded  in Book  10461, Page 68.      6. Notice of Activity and Use Limitation dated March 6,  2008,  recorded  in  Book  21997, Page   35.      

Exhibit E, Page 1    EXHIBITE    NOTICE OF LEASE   Notice is hereby given pursuant to Massachusetts General Laws, Chapter 183, Section 4,   of an instrument of lease (the  Lease ) containing, inter alia, the following terms and conditions:      LANDLORD:   TENANT:   -------  a   _      MACOM   TECHNOLOGY   SOLUTIONS   HOLDINGS   INC.,   a   Delaware corporation   DATE OF LEASE   INSTRUMENT:   ,2016      PREMISES:                        TERM OF LEASE:                                       EXTENSION  OPTIONS:            MAJOR  TENANT:   That certain portion of the Landlord s Parcel shown as  Leased   Parcel  on the plan attached hereto as Exhibit _, together  with  the   Improvements (as defined in the Lease) and Intangible Rights (as   defined in the Lease). The  Landlord s Parcel is that certain   improved real property currently known as and numbered 100   Chelmsford Street, in the City of Lowell, Massachusetts, more   particularly described on Exhibit _ and shown on the plan attached   hereto as Exhibit      The initial term of the Lease commences on the date of the Lease   and expires on the last day of the month in which the twentieth   (20th) anniversary of such date occurs.      In the event of the occurrence of the Commencement  Date  under that        certain      lease      of      even      date      herewith     between   ------- and Tenant for premises located adjacent to   the Premises (the  144 Chelmsford Lease ), notice of which 144   Chelmsford Lease is recorded concurrently herewith, and only in   such event, the initial term of the Lease shall be deemed extended   so that it shall end co-terminously with the end of the initial term of   the 144 Chelmsford Lease (as established by reference to such   Commencement Date).      Tenant has an option to extend the term of the Lease for two (2)   consecutive periods of ten (10) years each, as more specifically   provided in the Lease.      Tenant has been designated as the Major Tenant (as defined in that   certain Reciprocal Easement Agreement of even date herewith and   recorded/filed concurrently herewith) for the Landlord s Parcel.      

Exhibit E, Page 2    ACTIVITY AND USE   LIMITATION: Tenant  and  Landlord  acknowledge   that  the  Landlord s   Parcel   (including without limitation the Premises) is subject to an Activity   and Use Limitation pursuant to the terms of Massachusetts General   Laws Chapter 21E, recorded with the Middlesex North Registry of   Deeds at Book 21997, Page 25, a copy of which has been provided   to Tenant.      OTHER PROVISIONS: The   Lease   contains   additional   rights,   restrictions,   terms and   conditions not enumerated in this Notice of Lease. Reference should   be made to the Lease directly with respect to these and other material   terms and conditions.      This Notice of Lease is executed pursuant to the provisions contained in the Lease, and is   not intended to vary the terms, conditions or other provisions of the Lease. In the event of any   inconsistency between the provisions of the Lease and the provisions of this Notice of Lease, the   provisions of the Lease shall govern and control. This instrument is not intended to, and does  not   and shall not, amend, modify, diminish or affect in any way the Lease or the construction or   interpretation thereof or any rights or obligations of any of the parties thereto.      This Notice of Lease may be executed simultaneously in counterparts, each of which shall   be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.       EXECUTED under seal this    day of    , 2016.      LANDLORD:   - ,_ _      By:  _   Name:   Title:         TENANT:   MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS   HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation         By:  _   Name:   Title:            

Exhibit E, Page 3      [Acknowledgements Follow]      

Exhibit E, Page 4       COMMONWEALTH   OF MASSACHUSETTS     ,ss.      On this date, _,      2016, before  me, the undersigned  notary  public, personally  appeared     ,   as of ,    proved    to  me   through   satisfactory  evidence  of  identification, which was  , to be the  person whose   name is signed  on the preceding or attached  document,  and  acknowledged  to me that s/he signed  it   voluntarily for its stated  purpose  on behalf of the foregoing   entity.         Notary Public   Printed Name:        My commission expires:  _                       ,ss.   STATE OF   ----------      On  this  date,  ,  2016,  before  me,  the  undersigned   notary   public,    personally   appeared as  of   MACOM    TECHNOLOGY   SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation, proved to me through satisfactory   evidence  of identification, which was  , to be the  person  whose name is   signed on the preceding or attached document, and acknowledged to me that s/he signed it   voluntarily for its stated purpose on behalf of the foregoing entity.         Notary Public   Printed Name:        My commission expires:  _         62280446   v3 l-WorkSiteUS-031591/0053      

Attachment 3      

ATTACHMENT 3 TO THIRD AMENDMENT      Form of Hale Street Lease Amendment      (appended hereto)      

FIFTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE      121 Hale Street, Lowell, MA      This  FIFTH  AMENDMENT  TO  LEASE  (this   Amendment )  is  entered  into  as of   ----   _,    2016 (the  Effective  Date )  by and between  HALE  CPI,  LLC ( Landlord ),  and   MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC. ( Tenant ).      WHEREAS, ND Hale Street LLC, as predecessor-in-interest to Landlord (the  Original   Landlord ), as landlord, and GES US (New England) Inc. (the  Original Tenant ), as tenant,   entered into that certain Lease dated May 31, 2007 (the  Original Lease ) relating to certain land   with the buildings thereon in Lowell, Massachusetts known as and numbered 121 Hale Street, as   amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease dated as of September 8, 2008 (the  First   Amendment ), as affected by that certain Certificate Affirming Dates dated as of April_, 2009, as   further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Lease dated as of June 2010 (the  Second   Amendment ), as affected by that certain Assignment of Lease dated March 31, 2011 (the  2011   Assignment ) by and between Original Tenant and MACOM Technology Solutions, Inc. f/k/a   M/A-Com Technology Solutions, Inc. (the  Intervening Tenant ) and by that certain Landlord s   Consent to Assignment of Lease dated March 31, 2011 by and among Original Landlord, Original   Tenant, and the Intervening Tenant (the  2011 Consent ), as further amended by that certain Third   Amendment to Lease dated as of March 31, 2011 (the   Third Amendment ), as further amended   by that certain Fourth Amendment to Lease dated as of October 4, 2012 (the  Fourth   Amendment ), and as affected by that certain Assignment of Lease of even date herewith by and   between the Intervening Tenant and Tenant (the  2016 Assignment ) and by that certain   Landlord s Consent to Assignment of Lease of even date herewith by and among Landlord, the   Intervening Tenant, and Tenant (the  2016 Consent ) (the Original Lease, as so amended and   affected, being herein referred to as the  Lease  and      WHEREAS, Tenant is the successor to the Original Tenant pursuant to the terms of the   2016 Assignment (as affected by the 2016 Consent);      WHERAS, simultaneously herewith, , an affiliate of Landlord (in its   capacity as landlord under the 144 Chelmsford Lease, the  144 Landlord ) and MACOM   Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. (in its capacity as tenant under the 144 Chelmsford Lease,   the  144 Tenant ) are entering into a lease agreement (the  144 Chelmsford Lease ) pursuant to   which the 144 Landlord will lease to the 144 Tenant a certain parcel adjacent to the Leased   Premises as shown as  144 CHELMSFORD PARCEL  on the plan attached hereto as Exhibit A (the    144 Parcel ) and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, to construct a project (the    Project ) consisting of a new building on the 144 Parcel and certain site improvements (the  Site   Improvements ) to the 144 Parcel, the 100 Parcel (as defined below) and the Leased Premises;      WHEREAS, simultaneously herewith, , an affiliate of Landlord (in   its capacity as landlord under the I 00 Chelmsford Lease, the  100 Landlord ) and MACOM   Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. (in its capacity as tenant under the I 00 Chelmsford Lease,   the  I 00 Tenant ) are entering into a lease agreement (the  I 00 Chelmsford Lease ) pursuant  to      

2       which the 100 Landlord will lease to the 100 Tenant a certain parcel adjacent to the 144 Parcel as   shown as  100 CHELMSFORD PARCEL  on the plan attached hereto as Exhibit A together with all   Improvements (as such term is defined in the 100  Chelmsford  Lease)  now  and/or  hereafter existing   thereon, which may include without limitation certain of the Site Improvements to be constructed    pursuant  to the 144 Chelmsford  Lease (the  l  00 Chelmsford  Parcel       WHEREAS, a notice of the Lease is recorded in the Middlesex Registry of Deeds at Book   27742, Page 195 (the  Notice of Lease       WHEREAS, the Landlord and Tenant desire to amend the Lease in certain respects, all as   hereinafter  provided; and      WHEREAS, capitalized terms used herein  and  not  otherwise  defined  herein  shall  have the   same meanings  given such terms in the   Lease.      NOW, THEREFORE, for consideration paid, the receipt and sufficiency of which are   hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:      1. LEASE TERM      a. The Lease Term is hereby extended from December 31, 2022 to December 31,   2036 (the period of such extension, as it may be further extended as set forth herein, being the    Extension Term ).      b. In the event of the occurrence of the Commencement Date (as defined in the 144   Chelmsford Lease; hereinafter the  144 Commencement Date ) and only in such event   (notwithstanding the reason the same may not have occurred), the Extension Term of the Lease   shall be deemed extended from and after (the  Further Extension ) so that the Extension Term   shall end co-terminously with the end of the Initial Term (as defined in the in 144 Chelmsford   Lease). Such Further Extension shall occur automatically without the need for the parties to   execute any further documentation under the Lease, provided that, at the request of either party   therefor, at such time as the 144 Commencement Date has definitively occurred or not occurred,   the parties shall memorialize, in a written instrument in mutually acceptable form (and, in any   case, in recordable form), either (i) the occurrence of the 144 Commencement Date and the exact   dates of such Further Extension or (ii) the non..:occurrence of the 144 Commencement Date and   acknowledgement that the Further Extension will not be of any effect.      c. Basic Rent for the Extension Term shall be as follows :      Period Basic Rent   Per Annum   Basic Rent   Per Month      January 1, 2023 through   December 31, 2025      January 1, 2026 through   December 31, 2028   $455,250.00 $37,937.50         $470,425.00 $39,202.08      

3       January 1, 2029 through   December  31, 2031   $485,600.00 $40,466.66   January 1, 2032 through   December 31, 2034   $500,775.00 $41,731.25   January 1, 2035 through   December 31, 2036   $515,950.00 $42,995.83      Basic Rent for the period of the Further Extension shall be at the same rate that was in effect for   the period ending on December 31, 2036, provided that to the extent that the Further Extension   shall include any periods from and after January 1, 2038 (the  Adjustment Date ) then on the   Adjustment Date, and then again on each and every third (3rd) anniversary of the Adjustment   Date occurring thereafter, the Basic Rent shall increase by $15,175.00 per annum or $1,264.58   per month above the Basic Rent that was in effect prior to the Adjustment Date or any such third   (3rd) anniversary of the Anniversary Date, as applicable.      d. Section 22.5 of the Lease (Termination Option), as previously amended by the   Fourth  Amendment,  is hereby deleted  in its entirety.      2. OTHER DOCUMENTS      (a) Project.      (i) The parties acknowledge that, in pursuing such governmental permits and   approvals and taking such other actions as shall be reasonably necessary in order for the 144   Landlord to construct the Project, it may become necessary for the 144 Landlord to (A) agree to   certain conditions imposed by governmental authorities that will affect the Leased Premises, (B)   grant or secure easements and/or other agreements with one or more third parties that will affect   the Leased Premises, or (C) modify the REA (as defined herein) or other Permitted Encumbrances   (as defined herein) in a manner that will affect the Leased Premises (all of the foregoing being    Project Requirements ), such Project Requirements to be governed by one or more documents   effecting the same ( Project Documents ). Landlord reserves the right to implement any Project   Requirements and to enter into any Project Documents, subject to Tenant s approval for items (A),   (B) and (C) immediately above, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld conditioned or   delayed, and Tenant agrees to execute any reasonable modifications of the Lease which may be   required from time to time in order to effect any of the same; provided, however, that (x) no such   Project Requirements or Project Documents shall alter the term of the Lease, increase the Rent,   reduce the economic value to Tenant hereof, change in any manner any of the relative rights or   obligations of Tenant or Landlord hereunder, or require Tenant to incur any out-of-pocket cost or   adversely affect or increase the cost of Tenant s business operations at the Leased Premises and   (y) all such Project Requirements or Project Documents shall be authorized or required to be   implemented pursuant to the terms of the 144 Chelmsford Lease.      (ii) Any dispute under the prov1s10ns of this Section 2 shall be resolved   exclusively   by  arbitration   ( Arbitration )   in   accordance   with   the   Expedited Arbitration      

4    Procedures prov1s1ons of the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration   Association (or another arbitration company mutually acceptable to Landlord and Tenant) and   otherwise under the terms of this clause (ii). Any such Arbitration shall occur in a location   mutually convenient to Landlord and Tenant (or, if Landlord and Tenant cannot agree on a   mutually convenient location, in the City of Boston, Massachusetts). The decision of the arbitrator   shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties, but the arbitrator shall have no power to   reform, supplement or modify the Lease. The arbitrator shall make required findings incident to   an arbitrable dispute, which findings shall be set forth in reasonable detail in a written decision by   the arbitrator. Unless otherwise expressly provided hereunder, the parties shall share equally in   all costs charged by the arbitrator or the arbitration company and each party shall otherwise bear   its own costs (including attorneys  fees) of any Arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the   arbitrator may (but shall not be obligated to), in its sole discretion, determine the prevailing party   in any such Arbitration and award such prevailing party all of the prevailing party s costs and   expenses incurred in connection with the Arbitration (including without limitation attorneys  fees   and costs).      (iii) For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that under no   circumstances shall Landlord have any liability to Tenant under the Lease on account of (x) the   144 Landlord s acts or omissions under the 144 Chelmsford Lease or (y) the 100 Landlord s acts   or omissions under the 100 Chelmsford Lease. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties further   acknowledge that under no circumstances shall Tenant have any liability to Landlord under the   Lease on account of (A) the 144 Tenant s acts or omissions under the 144 Chelmsford Lease   or   (B) the 100 Tenant s acts or omissions under the 100 Chelmsford Lease.      (b) Other Documents      (i) Reference is made to a certain Reciprocal Easement Agreement  of  even  date   herewith being entered into and recorded with the Middlesex  North  Registry  of Deeds and filed with   the Middlesex Registry District of the Land Court concurrently with the execution and delivery of this   Amendment (the  REA ). Capitalized terms used in this subsection (b) and not specifically defined in   this Amendment shall have the  respective  meanings  assigned  to  them  under the REA.  Tenant  is   hereby designated  as the  Major Tenant  of the Hale Property.  Subject   to all of the terms and   conditions set forth in the Lease and in the REA, Tenant shall have the following  rights during the   Term  of the Lease:      A. all easements granted to the Hale Owner under the REA, in common   with the Hale Owner and others now or hereafter entitled thereto in   accordance with the terms of the REA; and      B. all rights reserved by the Hale Owner on the Hale  Property  in connection   with the Hale Owner s  granting  to others  of  easements  in the Hale   Property pursuant to the REA, in common with  the  Hale  Owner      (ii) During the term of the Lease, Tenant shall, on Landlord s behalf, pay,   perform and observe in a timely manner all of the obligations of Landlord under the REA, any   Permitted Encumbrances or any Project Documents (each, an  Other Document ) insofar as they      

5    pertain to Tenant s (A) use or occupancy of the Leased Premises, (B) exercise or enjoyment of   any of Tenant s rights under the Lease, or (C) compliance with any of Tenant s obligations under   the Lease (collectively,  Lease Matters  provided that such Lease Matters shall in no event be   deemed to include (x) any obligation of Landlord under any Other Document that is an obligation   of Landlord to Tenant as expressly set forth in the Lease or (y) any liability to the extent caused   by the negligence or willful act of Landlord. Tenant shall, from time to time upon the reasonable   request by Landlord, provide reasonable evidence of Tenant s compliance with the terms of the   preceding sentence (with respect to any specific obligations of Tenant thereunder). In any event,   Tenant shall not cause, suffer or permit any act or omission on or about the Leased Premises or   otherwise in connection with any Lease Matters that would cause Landlord to be in violation (a    Violation ) of any of the Other Documents.      (iii) Landlord shall (A) perform and observe all of the terms, covenants,   provisions and conditions of any Other Documents on Landlord s part to be performed and   observed pursuant to the terms thereof, except for such obligations as are Tenant s responsibility   as set forth above, and (B) enforce the obligations of the other parties to any of the Other   Documents (an  Other Party ), in each case to the extent necessary for Landlord to comply with   Landlord s obligations to Tenant under the Lease. In no event whatsoever shall either party hereto   have any liability to the other on account of (x) any Other Party s failure to keep, observe or   perform its obligations pursuant to the Other Document or (y) the acts or omissions of any Other   Party, its agents, employees, invitees, guests, licenses or contractors.      (iv) In any case where Tenant shall request Landlord s consent, permission or   approval for any matter requiring Landlord s consent, permission or approval as set forth in the   Lease (a  Consent Request ) then, to the extent that such matter shall also require the consent,   permission or approval of an Other Owner, other than a Landlord Affiliate, under an Other   Document (an  Other Owner Consent ), Landlord shall have no obligation to act upon the Consent   Request unless and until such time as the Other Owner Consent shall have been given. Upon   Landlord s reasonable determination that the Consent Request is complete and in proper form for   consideration under both the Lease and the Other Document, Landlord shall request the Other   Owner Consent in accordance with the Other Document and thereafter use commercially   reasonable efforts in accordance with the Other Document to obtain the Other Owner Consent.   Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, any Consent  Request   to Landlord shall also be deemed to have been made to any Landlord Affiliate that is an Other   Owner. As used herein,  Landlord Affiliate  shall mean Landlord and/or a party that controls, is   controlled by, or is under common control with Landlord.      (v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above in this subsection   (b), Landlord may by notice to Tenant require, in lieu of Landlord s taking any direct action with   respect to any Other Party or Other Document as set forth above in this subsection (b), that Tenant,   at Tenant s sole cost and expense (except to the extent that the action is required as a result of   Landlord s failure to have performed an obligation of Landlord under the Lease), take such action   on Landlord s behalf and in its name and, for purposes thereof, Tenant shall be deemed subrogated   to Landlord s rights under the Other Document to take such action. In taking any such action,   Tenant shall have the right, but not the obligation to exercise any or all rights and remedies as   would be available to Landlord, at law or in equity, were Landlord to take the action directly.    Landlord agrees to sign, to the extent Landlord s signature is legally required  or      

6       required under the provisions of the Other Document, such demands, pleadings, and/or other   documents that may be reasonably required, and otherwise to enable Tenant to proceed as set   forth above in this clause (v). In the event Landlord exercises its rights under this clause (v),   Tenant shall provide Landlord with copies of all written notices, demands, communications and   correspondence of a material nature sent or received by Tenant in connection therewith,   simultaneously with their sending by Tenant or promptly upon their receipt by Tenant.      3. INDUCEMENT  PAYMENT      Cconcurrently with the execution and delivery of this Amendment, Landlord is paying to   Tenant the sum of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) as an inducement for Tenant s   execution and delivery of this Amendment.      4. MISCELLANEOUS      a. Concurrently herewith, the parties are amending and restating in its entirety the   Notice of Lease pursuant to the parties  execution, delivery and recording of the Amended and   Restated Notice of Lease in the form set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto.      b. The parties acknowledge that the  Effective Date,  as that term is defined in the   2011 Assignment, occurred as of April 7, 2011 and that the Sublease, as that term is defined in   the 2011 Assignment, was thereby terminated as of April 7, 2011.      c. The Lease is modified such that each reference therein to the  Lease  shall  be  deemed   to mean the Lease as modified  by this Amendment.  In the event of any conflict between   the terms   of the Lease and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this  Amendment  shall  prevail. Except as   otherwise expressly amended, modified and provided for in this Amendment, Tenant hereby ratifies   all of the provisions, covenants and conditions of the Lease, and such provisions, covenants and   conditions shall be deemed to be incorporated herein and made a part hereof and shall continue  in full   force and   effect.      d. Landlord and Tenant each warrant to the other that the person or persons executing   this Amendment on its behalf has or have authority to do so and that such execution has fully   obligated and bound such party to all terms and provisions of this Amendment.      e. Landlord and Tenant hereby represent and warrant to each  other that neither  has dealt   with any real estate broker or agent in connection with the procurement of this Amendment. Each of   Landlord and Tenant shall indemnify and hold the other  harmless  from  any  costs,  expenses or   liabilities (including costs of suit and reasonable  attorneys   fees)  for  any  compensation, commission   or fees claimed by any real estate broker or in connection with the procurement  of this Amendment    because of any act or statement  by the indemnifying   party.      f. This Amendment shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of the parties   hereto, and their respective successors and assigns.      g. This Amendment shall be governed by the laws of The Commonwealth of   Massachusetts.      

7    h. If any clause or provision of this Amendment is or should ever beheld to be illegal,   invalid or unenforceable under any present or future law applicable to the terms hereof; then and   in that event, it is the intention of the parties hereto that the remainder of this Amendment shall   not be affected thereby, and that in lieu of each such clause or provision of this Amendment that   is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such clause or provision shall be judicially construed and   interpreted to be as similar in substance and content to such, illegal, invalid or unenforceable   clause or provision, as the context thereof would reasonably suggest, so as to thereafter be legal,   valid and enforceable.      i. This Amendment may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts,   each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the   same instrument.      [Signatures  begin  on next page.]      

8    IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto  have caused these presents to be executed,    as a sealed  instrument,  the day and  year first above written.      Landlord:      HALE CPI, LLC, a Massachusetts limited   liability company         By:      Name:   Title:      Tenant:      MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS   HOLDINGS,  INC.            By:-----------    Name:   Title:      

Exhibit A, Page I       EXHIBIT A      (appended  hereto)      

Exh1.b1 t A, Page 2                   

Exhibit B, Page I      EXHIBITB      AMENDED AND RESTATED   NOTICE  OF LEASE      Notice is hereby given pursuant to Massachusetts General Laws, Chapter 183, Section 4,   of an instrument oflease (the  Lease ) containing, inter alia, the following terms and conditions:      LANDLORD:         TENANT:   HALE CPI, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company, as   successor in interest to ND Hale Street LLC.      MACOM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS INC., a   Delaware corporation, as successor in interest to MACOM   Technology Solutions, Inc. fi k/a M/A-Com Technology Solutions,   Inc. (pursuant to an Assignment of Lease of even date herewith      and recorded concurrently  herewith), as successor  in interest to   GES US (New England) Inc. (pursuant to an Assignment of Lease   dated  March 31, 2011 and  recorded            DATE OF LEASE   INSTRUMENT:   ,2016      PREMISES:         TERM OF LEASE:                                 EXTENSION  OPTIONS:            MAJOR TENANT:   The land with the Building thereon, the legal description  of which    is set forth in Exhibit  A attached  hereto.      The Lease Term  expires on  December  31, 2036.      In the event of the occurrence of the Commencement Date under   that certain  lease of even  date herewith between      and Tenant for premises located adjacent to   the Premises (the  144 Chelmsford Lease ), notice of which 144   Chelmsford Lease is recorded concurrently herewith, and only in   such event, the term of the Lease shall be deemed extended so that   it shall end co-terminously with the end of the initial term of the   144 Chelmsford Lease (as established by reference to such   Commencement Date).      Tenant has an option to extend the term of the Lease for two (2)   consecutive periods of five (5) years each, as more specifically   provided  in the Lease.      Tenant has been designated as the Major Tenant (as defined in that   certain Reciprocal Easement Agreement of even date herewith and   recorded concurrently herewith) for the Premises.      

Exhibit B, Page 2          OTHER PROVISIONS: The Lease contains additional rights, restrictions, terms and   conditions not enumerated in this Amended and Restated Notice of   Lease.  Reference should be made to the Lease directly with   respect to these and other material terms and conditions.      This Amended and Restated Notice of Lease is executed pursuant to the provisions   contained in the Lease, and is not intended to vary the terms, conditions or other provisions of   the Lease. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Lease and the   provisions of this Amended and Restated Notice of Lease, the provisions of the Lease shall   govern and control. This instrument is not intended to, and does not and shall not, amend,   modify, diminish or affect in any way the Lease or the construction or interpretation thereof or   any rights or obligations of any of the parties thereto.      This Amended and Restated Notice of Lease may be executed simultaneously in   counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute   one and the same instrument.      This Amended and Restated Notice of Lease amends and restates in its entirety that   certain Notice of Lease dated October 9, 2013 between ND Hale Street LLC, predecessor in   interest to Landlord (as landlord), and GES US (New England)  Inc., predecessor  in interest    to Tenant (as tenant),  recorded  in the Middlesex  Registry  of  Deeds at Book 27742, Page    195.      EXECUTED under seal this    day of    , 2016.      LANDLORD:   HALE CPI LLC, a Massachusetts limited   liability company         By:-------------    Name:   Title:         TENANT:   MACOM  TECHNOLOGY  SOLUTIONS   HOLDINGS,  INC., a Delaware  corporation         By:  _   Name:   Title:      [Acknowledgements Follow]      

Exhibit B, Page 3    --------   COMMONWEAL TH  OF MASSACHUSETTS     ,ss.      On this date, , 2016, before me, the undersigned  notary  public,  personally  appeared   ---------   , as of HALE CPI LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability   company, proved to me through satisfactory evidence of identification, which was   , to be the person whose name is signed on the preceding or attached   document, and acknowledged to me that s/he signed  it voluntarily  for its stated  purpose on behalf    of the foregoing  entity.         Notary Public   Printed Name:        My commission expires:  _                       ,ss.      On this date,      STATE OF   ----------      , 2016, before me, the  undersigned  notary  public, personally   appeared , as ofMACOM TECHNOLOGY   SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation, proved to me through satisfactory   evidence of identification, which was  , to be the person whose name is   signed on the preceding or attached document, and acknowledged to me that s/he signed it   voluntarily for its stated purpose on behalf of the foregoing entity.         Notary Public   Printed Name:   ----------      My commission expires:  _            62284448  v6-WorkSiteUS-031591/0054      

Attachment 4      

ATTACHMENT 4 TO THIRD AMENDMENT         Form of REA         (appended hereto)                     62569904   v4-WorkSiteUS-031591/0053      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement- I                                  RECORDING INFORMATION ABOVE         RECIPROCAL  EASEMENT  AGREEMENT      100 and 144 Chelmsford Street and 121 Hale Street,   Lowell,  Massachusetts      This Reciprocal Easement Agreement (this  Agreement ) is entered into as of the_   day of , 2016 (the  Effective Date ), by and between   [ , a Massachusetts  limited  liability company, in its   capacity as the owner of the 100 Property (as hereinafter defined), having an address at 43 Broad   Street, Hudson, MA 01748 ( 100  Owner ), [ , a   Massachusetts limited liability company, in its capacity as the owner of the 144 Property (as   hereinafter  defined), having an address at 43 Broad Street, Hudson, MA 01748 ( 144 Owner ),    and HALE CPI, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company, in its capacity as the owner of    the Hale Property (as hereinafter  defined), having an address at 43 Broad Street, Hudson, MA    01748 ( Hale Owner  and together with the 100 Owner and the 144 Owner, the  Owners,  with   each being an  Owner ).      WHEREAS, 100 Owner is the owner of that certain parcel of land, together with the   buildings, improvements and facilities now or hereafter located thereon and all the rights now or   hereafter appurtenant thereto, situated  in the City of Lowell, Middlesex  County, Commonwealth    of Massachusetts, commonly  known as 100 Chelmsford  Street and  more  particularly  described   on Exhibit A-1 attached  hereto (the  100 Property       WHEREAS, 144 Owner is the owner of that certain parcel of land, together with the   buildings, improvements and facilities now or hereafter located thereon and all the rights now or   hereafter appurtenant thereto, situated  in the City of Lowell,  Middlesex  County,  Commonwealth   of Massachusetts, commonly  known  as 144 Chelmsford  Street and more  particularly  described   on Exhibit A-2 attached  hereto (the  144  Property       WHEREAS, Hale Owner is the owner of that certain parcel of land, together with the   buildings, improvements and facilities now or hereafter located thereon and all the rights now or   hereafter appurtenant thereto, situated  in the City of Lowell,  Middlesex  County, Commonwealth   of Massachusetts, commonly known as 121 Hale Street and more particularly described  on    Exhibit A-3 attached  hereto (the  Hale Property  and together with the 100 Property and the     144 Property, the  Properties,  with each being a   Property ).      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-2    WHEREAS, the 144 Property is subject to a lease of even date herewith (as the same   may be hereafter amended from time to time, the  144 Lease ) between the 144 Owner, as   landlord, and MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as tenant   (including its successors or assigns as holders from time to time of such tenant s interest, the    144 Tenant ), notice of which 144 Lease (the  144 Notice of Lease ) is being recorded with the   Registry (as defined herein) and filed with the Land Court (as defined herein) concurrently   herewith;   WHEREAS, pursuant to the 144 Lease, the 144 Owner and the 144 Tenant have agreed   upon certain terms and conditions under which the 144 Owner will perform certain work (the    Project Work ) consisting of the construction of (i) a new building on the 144 Property (the    144 Building ) and (ii) related site improvements on each of the 100 Property, 144 Property and   Hale Property, all as approximately shown on the site plan attached hereto as Exhibit B (with   such site improvements, as more particularly described in the 144 Lease and as the same are   subject to the terms of this Agreement, being herein the  Project Site Improvements    WHEREAS, the 144 Lease also provides that, under certain circumstances as set forth in    the 144 Lease, the 144 Owner will have no further obligation  to perform  the Project  Work  but     the 144 Tenant will have certain rights to develop (and thereafter demolish) a building or       buildings on the 144 Property  and, in connection  therewith,  to make  related  site improvements    on the 100 Property and the 144 Property  as set forth in the 144 Lease and as subject to the terms     of this Agreement  (the  Alternative  Site  Improvements    WHEREAS, the 100 Property is subject to a lease of even date herewith (as the same   may be hereafter amended from time to time, the  100 Lease ) between the 100 Owner, as   landlord, and MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as tenant   (including its successors or assigns as holders from time to time of such tenant s interest, the    100 Tenant ), notice of which 100 Lease (the  100 Notice of Lease ) is being recorded with   the Registry and filed with the Land Court concurrently herewith;   WHEREAS, the Hale Property is subject to a lease dated May 31, 200         7 as amended (as the same may be hereafter amended from time to time, the  Hale   Lease ) between the Hale Owner, as successor in interest to ND Hale Street LLC, as landlord,   and MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as successor in   interest to GES US (New England) Inc., as tenant (including its successors or assigns as holders   from time to time of such tenant s interest, the  Hale Tenant ), notice of which Hale Lease is   recorded with the Registry at Book 27742, Page 195, and as to which an Amended and Restated   Notice of Lease (the  Hale Notice of Lease ) is being recorded with the Registry concurrently   herewith; and   WHEREAS, the Owners wish to establish certain easements, rights, and obligations with   respect to the Properties in order for the 144 Owner to construct the Project Site Improvements   (or, in the alternative, for the 144 Tenant, in the exercise of its rights in accordance with the 144   Lease, to construct the Alternative Site Improvements on the 100 Property and the 144 Property)       

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-3       and for the Owners to use, maintain, operate, alter and improve the Properties in a harmonious   manner,  in each case to the extent provided  for  herein.      NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and mutual rights and   obligations set forth herein, and for $1.00 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby   acknowledged, the Owners hereby agree as follows:      I. EASEMENTS.      A. Generally.  The rights and easements expressly specified below under this   Section I (collectively, the  Easements,  with each thereof being an  Easement ) are hereby   granted from each Owner, as applicable as set forth below, to each of the other Owners, as   applicable as set forth below. Except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth herein, all   easements under this Agreement are granted (i) irrevocably and in perpetuity, (ii) for the   exclusive benefit of the grantee Owners (in common, however, with the grantor Owner and the   other grantee Owner, as applicable), (iii) for use by the grantee Owners and their respective   tenants, occupants, licensees, designees and invitees on their respective Properties, (iv) subject to   all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, (v) subject to any prior easements and   matters ofrecord insofar as are in force and applicable, (vi) without covenants express or implied   and (vii) without representation or warranty of any kind (including without limitation as to   habitability or fitness for any particular use or purpose). Except as expressly set forth herein, no   other easements are hereby created, whether by necessity or implication. The areas respectively   designated below as being subject to particular Easements are referred to herein as the    Easement Areas,  with each such area being an  Easement Area.       B. Existing Facilities. Each of the 100 Owner and the 144 Owner shall have an   easement over the other s Property for: (i) the passage of pedestrians and vehicles upon, over   and across any driveways and parking areas as may be now located on the grantor Owner s   Property; (ii) the passage of pedestrians upon, over and across any sidewalks and walkways as   may be now located on the grantor Owner s Property; (iii) the drainage and discharge of surface   water collected on the grantee Owner s Property onto, upon, over, across, under and through any   areas as may now be utilized therefor by the grantee Owner on the grantor Owner s Property;   (iv) the use, operation, maintenance, repair, and replacement of any underground utility lines,   pipes, conduits, systems and similar equipment and facilities as may be now be utilized by the   grantee Owner on the grantor Owner s Property; (v) passive Recreational Uses (as defined   herein) upon, over and across any areas as may now be utilized therefor by the grantee Owner on   the grantor Owner s Property; and (vi) the parking of automobiles, light trucks and vans in any   striped parking areas as may be now located on the grantor Owner s Property. The foregoing   Easements under this Section B are collectively referred to as the  Existing Easements.  The   Existing Easements shall expire and be of no further force and effect on the Project Site   Improvements Effective Date or on the Alternative Site Improvements Effective Date (each as   defined herein and as applicable) without the need for execution or recording/filing of any   further documentation.      C. The Project Site Improvements.      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-4       (i) Upon substantial completion of the Project Site Improvements, the 100   Owner and the 144 Owner shall sign a certificate indicating the date of substantial completion   (the  Project Site Improvements Effective Date ), which certificate shall be recorded with the   Registry and filed with the Land Court. Upon the recording and filing of said certificate, each of   the applicable Owners shall have the following rights and easements:      (a) Access.   Each of the Owners shall  have an easement  for the    passage of pedestrians and vehicles upon, over and across the areas   designated  on the plan attached  hereto as Exhibit C (the     Easement Plan ) as  COMMON DRIVEWAY  (the  Driveway   Easement Area ).   Each Owner shall have the right to construct    and maintain driveways  for ingress and egress connecting  portions   of its respective Property  to portions of the Driveway Easement    Area located on its respective Property, provided that no such   connecting driveway shall unreasonably interfere with any rights   granted  to the other  Owners hereunder.      (b) Walkways. Each of the Owners shall have an easement for the   passage of pedestrians  upon, over and across the areas shown on     the Easement Plan as the  COMMON WALKWAYS  (the  Walkway   Easement Area ).  Each Owner shall have the right to construct    and maintain sidewalks or other pedestrian pathways providing   access and egress from portions of its respective Property to     portions of the Walkway Easement Area located on its respective   Property, provided that no such sidewalk or pathway shall   unreasonably interfere with any rights granted to the other Owners   hereunder.      (c) Stormwater. Each of the Owners shall have an easement for the   drainage and discharge of surface water collected on its respective   Property onto, upon, over, across, under and through the areas   designated on the Easement Plan as the  STORMWATER SYSTEM    consisting of series of catch basins, manholes, drain lines,   underground detention and/or recharge units, and appurtenant   equipment  (the  Stormwater  Easement Area ).  Each Owner   shall have the right to construct and maintain appropriate     stormwater drainage facilities connecting portions of its respective   Property to portions of the Stormwater Easement  Area located  on    its respective Property, provided that no such connections shall   unreasonably interfere with any rights granted to the other Owners   hereunder. All connections to the Stormwater System  shall  be    made at the sole cost and expense of each respective Owner and in   accordance  with all applicable  Governmental  Approvals (as   defined below).      (d) Utilities. Each of the Owners shall have an easement for the use,   operation, maintenance, repair, and replacement of underground      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-5       utility lines, pipes, conduits, systems and similar equipment and   facilities to serve any improvements located on their respective   Properties ( Utility Lines ) (which utilities may include natural   gas, electricity, water, sewer, telecommunications and such similar   uses for which utility easements are commonly granted from time   to time in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts) located under or   within the layout of the Driveway Easement Area and, to the extent   any such Utility Line cannot reasonably be located within the   layout of the Driveway Easement Area (but only to the extent that   no building shall be located therein), within five (5) feet of the   sideline of the Driveway Easement Area (collectively, the  Utility   Easement Area ). Any area in which such Utility Lines are so   placed shall be no wider than necessary to reasonably satisfy the   requirements of a private or public utility company, or five (5) feet   on each side of the centerline. All Utility Lines shall be located   underground, except for ground mounted electrical transformers,   risers and fire hydrants and except as may be necessary during   periods of construction, reconstruction, repair or temporary   service, required by any Governmental Approvals or reasonably   and customarily required by the provider of such utility service.   Each Owner shall have the right to construct and maintain utility   lines connecting portions of its respective Property to portions of   the Utility Easement Area located on its respective Property,   provided that no such connections shall unreasonably  interfere   with any rights granted  to the other Owners  hereunder.      (e)                                 (t)   Common/Recreational Areas and Landscaping. Each of the 100   Owner and 144 Owner shall have an easement for Recreational   Uses upon, over and across the areas designated on the Easement   Plan as  RECREATIONAL AREA  (the  Recreational Easement   Area ).  Recreational Uses  shall mean walking, sitting, casual   exercise, picnicking, and similar uses for which open paved or   landscaped spaces are customarily used in similar office parks in   the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, subject to reasonable rules   and regulations promulgated from time to time by each such    Owner with respect to  its respective  Property.      Parking. Each of the 100 Owner and the 144 Owner shall have an   easement for parking of automobiles, light trucks and vans in the   striped parking areas located from time to time on each Owner s   respective Property and designated on the Site Plan as the    Common Parking  (the  Parking Easement Area ).      (ii) The Project Site Improvements  shall be subject to change from time to     time in accordance with the 144 Lease; provided, however, that in no event shall any Project Site   Improvements  be changed  unless the Project Site Improvements will not (a) have a material       

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-6      adverse effect on the quality, useful  life, value, functionality  or costs of operating    or maintaining      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-6    any then existing buildings and improvements at the 100 Property or 144 Property as determined   by each of (x) the 100 Owner and its Major Tenant (if any) and (y) the Hale Owner and its Major   Tenant (if any), respectively, in its respective reasonable discretion, (b) violate the terms and   conditions of this Agreement or any Other Documents affecting the 100 Property or 144   Property, respectively, (c) violate or interfere with the leasehold rights and interests of the Major   Tenant or any other tenant or occupant of the 100 Property or 144 Property, respectively, except   to the extent that any such other tenant or occupant shall have consented thereto in writing in   accordance with the terms and conditions of its applicable lease or occupancy agreement as shall   then be in effect, or (d) violate any applicable laws, regulations, ordinances and rules, including   then applicable zoning laws (without the need for an amendment to the applicable zoning   ordinance or map, except to the extent that the 100 Owner and its Major Tenant (if any) or the   100 Owner and its Major Tenant (if any), respectively, shall consent in writing to any such   amendment in writing, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed).   As used herein,  Other Documents  shall mean (x) the matters set forth in Exhibit D attached   hereto, (y) any future easements, covenants or restrictions ofrecord as to which this Agreement   shall have been made subject or subordinate and (z) the terms and conditions of any   Governmental Approvals of record with respect to the Project Site Improvements (or Alternative   Site Improvements, if applicable), all insofar as may be in force and applicable.      D. The Alternative Site Improvements.      (i) Upon substantial completion of the Alternative Site Improvements, the   100 Owner and the 144 Owner shall sign a certificate indicating the date of substantial   completion (the  Alternative Site Improvements Effective Date ), which certificate shall be   recorded with the Registry and filed with the Land Court. Upon the recording and filing of said   certificate, each of the 100 Owner and 144 Owner shall have an easement over the other s   Property for: (i) the passage of pedestrians and vehicles upon, over and across any driveways   and parking areas as shall then be located on the grantor Owner s Property; (ii) the passage of   pedestrians upon, over and across any sidewalks and walkways as shall then be located on the   grantor Owner s Property; (iii) the drainage and discharge of surface water collected on the   grantee Owner s Property onto, upon, over, across, under and through any areas as may then be   designed to be utilized therefor by the grantee Owner on the grantor Owner s Property; (iv) the   use, operation, maintenance, repair, and replacement of any underground utility lines, pipes,   conduits, systems and similar equipment and facilities as may then be designed to be utilized by   the grantee Owner on the grantor Owner s Property; (v) passive Recreational Uses (as defined   herein) upon, over and across any areas as may then be designed to be utilized therefor on the   grantor Owner s Property; and (vi) the parking of automobiles, light trucks and vans in any   striped parking areas as may then be located on the grantor Owner s Property.      (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event   shall any Alternative Site Improvements proceed unless such Alternative Site Improvements will   not (a) have a material adverse effect on the quality, useful life, value, functionality or costs of   operating or maintaining any then existing buildings and improvements at the 100 Property as   determined by each of the 100 Owner and its Major Tenant (if any) in its respective reasonable   discretion, (b) violate the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any Other Documents   affecting the 100 Property, (c) violate or interfere with the leasehold rights and interests of the   Major Tenant or any other tenant or occupant of the 100 Property (except to the extent that any      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-7       such other tenant or occupant shall have consented thereto in writing in accordance with the   terms and conditions of its applicable lease or occupancy agreement as shall then be in effect), or    (d) violate any applicable laws, regulations, ordinances and rules, including then applicable   zoning laws (without the need for an amendment to the applicable zoning ordinance or map,   except to the extent that the 100 Owner and its Major Tenant (if any) shall consent in writing to   any such amendment in writing, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or   delayed).      E. Construction of Project Site Improvements. In connection with the  performance   of the Project Site Improvements, the 144 Owner shall have an easement to enter the respective   Property of any other Owner (the  Subject Property ) in order to perform the Project Site   Improvements for and during the period of performance of such work (the  Project Work ),   subject to all of the following conditions:      (i) The portions of the Subject Property to  be so entered  by the  144 Owner  shall   be limited  to such  portions  thereof as shall  be reasonably  necessary  in order   to perform the Project Work in a diligent manner consistent with prudent   construction practices; provided that in no event shall the  144  Owner enter   any building or other secured area on the Subject Property without the approval   of the other Owner and its Major Tenant,  if  any,  (which approval may be   made subject to reasonable safety and security procedures and shall  otherwise    not be unreasonably  withheld,  conditioned or delayed).      (ii) The 144 Owner shall give the other Owner and its Major Tenant, if any,   not less than ten (10) business days  advance written notice of the 144   Owner s intention to enter the Subject Property to perform the Project   Work, which notice shall include (a) a copy of the 144 Owner s plans and   specifications for the Project Work, including without limitation any   thereof as shall have been submitted to or approved by any governmental   authorities in connection with the pursuit of any Governmental Approvals,   (b) a schedule of the Project Work to be performed and the identity of the   contractors that will be performing the Project Work, (c) the name and   emergency contact information for the 144 Owner s project manager for the   Project Work, (d) copies of all Governmental Approvals as are required   under clause (iv) immediately below and (e) evidence of the insurance as   required under clause (v) immediately below.      (iii) The 144 Owner will enter the Subject Property and perform the work at the   144 Owner s sole risk and at the 144 Owner s sole cost and expense   (including all design, permitting and construction costs).      (iv) The 144 Owner shall comply with all laws and regulations applicable to all   Project Work on the Subject Property and shall obtain (and deliver to the   other Owner and its Major Tenant, if any, copies of) all Governmental   Approvals required in connection therewith.      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-8       (v) The 144 Owner shall maintain or cause the 144 Owner s general contractor   to maintain (a) commercial general liability insurance naming the other   Owner, its Major Tenant (if any) and its mortgagees (if any), as additional   insureds, in an amount per accident or occurrence of not less than   $1,000,000.00 of primary combined single limit with umbrella coverage   per accident or occurrence of not less than $5,000,000.00 in the aggregate   and (b) builder s risk completed value insurance, naming the 100 Owner,   its Major Tenant (if any) and its mortgagees (if any), as loss payees as their   interests may appear, all such insurance satisfying the requirements of   Section IV.A.(ii) below to the extent applicable thereto (and the 144 Owner   shall deliver to the other Owner, any such Major Tenant, and any such   mortgagees evidence thereof in form reasonably satisfactory to the other   Owner, any such Major Tenant, and any such mortgagees).      (vi) The 144 Owner shall promptly pay all contractors, laborers and suppliers   performing services or supplying materials in connection with the Project   Work and pay all amounts and  take all  other actions  necessary  to ensure that   no liens will attach to the Subject  Property on account    thereof.      (vii) The 144 Owner shall operate and maintain all areas affected by the Project   Work in a safe and secure condition and shall not store or stockpile any   materials on the Subject Property for  longer  than  such  time  as  is reasonably   necessary in order to perform the Project Work in a diligent manner consistent    with  prudent  construction practices.      (viii) The Project Work shall be performed in  a  prompt  and  workmanlike  manner    incorporating only  materials  of good quality.      (ix) The 144 Owner shall take reasonable measures to ensure that any Project   Work that interferes with any easements benefiting the other Owner as set   forth herein, or the conduct of business on the Subject Property by the other   Owner or its tenants and occupants in the ordinary course, is minimized.      (x) Upon completion of the Project Work, the 144 Owner shall promptly   remove from the Subject Property any surplus materials and waste created   by the Project Work and shall promptly repair and restore any damage to   the Subject Property that results from the Project Work.      F. Construction of Alternative Site Improvements. In connection with the   performance of the Alternative Site Improvements by the 144 Tenant under the terms of the 144   Lease, the 144 Tenant shall have an easement to enter the 100 Property in order to perform the   Alternative Site Improvements for and during the period of performance of such work (the    Alternative Work ), subject to all of the following conditions:      

(i) The portions of the 100 Property to  be so  entered  by the 144 Tenant  shall be   limited to such portions thereof as shall  be  reasonably  necessary  in  order to   perform the Alternative Work in a diligent manner consistent with prudent   construction practices; provided that in no event shall the  144  Tenant enter   any building or other secured area on  the  100  Property  without the approval   of the 100 Owner and its  Major  Tenant,  if  any,  (which approval may be   made subject to reasonable safety and security procedures and shall otherwise    not  be unreasonably  withheld,  conditioned or delayed).      (ii) The 144 Tenant shall give the 100 Owner and its Major Tenant, if any, not   less than ten (10) business days  advance written notice of the 144  Tenant s   intention to enter the 100 Property to perform the Alternative Work, which   notice shall include (a) a copy of the 144 Tenant s plans and specifications   for the Alternative Work, including without limitation any thereof as shall   have been submitted to or approved by any governmental authorities in   connection with the pursuit of any Governmental Approvals,   (b) a schedule of the Alternative Work to be performed and the identity of   the contractors that will be performing the Alternative Work, (c) the name   and emergency contact information for the 144 Tenant s project manager   for the Alternative Work, (d) copies of all Governmental Approvals as are   required under clause (iv) immediately below and (e) evidence of the   insurance as required under clause (v) immediately below.      (iii) The 144 Tenant will enter the 100 Property and perform the work at the   144 Tenant s sole risk and at the 144 Tenant s sole cost and expense   (including all design, permitting and construction costs).      (iv) The 144 Tenant shall comply with all laws and regulations applicable to all   Alternative Work on the 100 Property and shall obtain (and deliver to the   100 Owner and its Major Tenant, if any, copies of) all Governmental   Approvals required in connection therewith.      (v) The 144 Tenant shall maintain or cause the 144 Tenant s general contractor   to maintain (a) commercial general liability insurance naming the 100   Owner, its Major Tenant (if any) and its mortgagees (if any), as additional   insureds, in an amount per accident or occurrence of not less than   $1,000,000.00 of primary combined single limit with umbrella coverage   per accident or occurrence of not less than $5,000,000.00 in the aggregate   and (b) builder s risk completed value insurance, naming the 100 Owner,   its Major Tenant (if any) and its mortgagees (if any), as loss payees as their   interests may appear, all such insurance satisfying the requirements of   Section IV.A.(ii) below to the extent applicable thereto (and the 144 Tenant   shall deliver to the 100 Owner, any such Major Tenant,  and any such    mortgagees  evidence  thereof  in form  reasonably            Reciprocal Easement Agreement-9      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement- I 0    satisfactory to the 100 Owner, any such Major Tenant, and any such   mortgagees).      (vi) The 144 Tenant shall promptly pay all contractors, laborers and suppliers   performing services or supplying materials in connection with the   Alternative Work and pay all amounts and take all other actions necessary   to ensure that no liens will attach to the 100 Property on account thereof.      (vii) The 144 Tenant shall operate and maintain all areas affected by the   Alternative Work in a safe and secure condition and shall not store or   stockpile any materials on the 100 Property for longer than such time as is   reasonably necessary in order to perform the Alternative Work m a diligent   manner consistent with prudent construction practices.      (viii) The Alternative Work shall be performed in a prompt and workmanlike   manner  incorporating  only materials  of good quality.      (ix) The 144 Tenant shall take reasonable measures to ensure that any   Alternative Work that interferes with any easements benefiting the 100   Owner as set forth herein, or the conduct of business on the 100 Property   by the 100 Owner or its tenants and occupants in the ordinary course, is   minimized.      (x) Upon completion of the Alternative Work, the 144 Tenant shall promptly   remove from the 100 Property any surplus materials and waste created by   the Alternative Work and shall promptly repair and restore any damage to   the 100 Property that results from the Alternative Work.      In exercising its rights and performing its obligations under this Section F, the 144 Tenant shall   be subject to the same obligations as the 144 Owner would be bound by under the other provisions   of this Agreement (including without limitation the indemnification obligations under Section IV.   B. below) were the 144 Owner the party entitled to exercise the rights of the 144 Tenant under   this Section F.      II. RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS      A. Construction of Improvements. The rights granted to the Owners in the   Easement Areas shall specifically include the right to construct, reconstruct, and maintain the   improvements on their respective Properties as are existing on the Effective Date or as may be   hereafter existing in accordance with the Project Site Improvements or the Alternative Site   Improvements (as applicable). Each of the Owners agrees that all work performed by such   Owner within an Easement Area located on its Property shall be (i) performed in a good and   workmanlike manner using materials of good quality in accordance with all Governmental   Approvals, (ii) diligently prosecuted to completion and in a manner so as to minimize any   interruption in any other Owners  use and enjoyment of its respective easements granted   hereunder and (iii) performed and undertaken in accordance with all of the terms and conditions   of this Agreement and any applicable Other Documents.      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement- I I       B. Relocation Rights. In the event that, after the date hereof, an Owner (the    Relocating Owner ) desires to relocate an Easement Area located on the Relocating Owner s   respective Property, the Relocating Owner shall notify the other Owners having an Easement   therein and their respective Major Tenants (if any) (each, as applicable, the  Other Parties ) of   such desire, which notice shall include a plan and description of the proposed new location   therefor (and the reason for such relocation), and the date (which shall be not less than sixty (60)   days after the date of such notice) on which the Relocating Owner would propose such relocation   to become effective. A Relocating Owner shall have the right to relocate any such Easement   Area so long as the relocation shall not, other than to a de minimis extent, increase the burdens   on, or decrease the rights of, any of the Other Parties, as determined in each of their respective   reasonable discretion. Furthermore, with respect to any such relocation: (i) such relocation shall   be planned and undertaken at the Relocating Owner s sole cost and expense; (ii) the Relocating   Owner shall obtain any and all Governmental Approvals required therefor at its sole cost and   expense; and (iii) the relocation shall be conducted in accordance with all of the terms and   conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Other Documents. The Other Parties shall   cooperate, in all reasonable respects (but at no out-of-pocket cost to such Other Parties) with the   Relocating Owner in obtaining and maintaining any Governmental Approvals under this   paragraph.      C. Requests for Approvals, Consents and Determinations.      (i) With respect to any matter as to which any Owner (or any Major Tenant)   hereunder shall be given an approval, consent or other determination-making right, such right   shall, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, be exercised in such party s sole and   absolute discretion, and any such exercise shall not be deemed inconsistent with any covenant of   good faith and fair dealing which may be implied by law to be part of this Agreement. The   parties intend by this Agreement to set forth their entire understanding with respect to the terms,   covenants, conditions and standards pursuant to which their obligations are to be judged and   their performance measured.      (ii) Unless provision is made hereunder for a specific time period, each   response to a request for an approval, consent or other determination to be made or considered   pursuant to this Agreement (a  Response Request ) shall be given by the Owner (and any   applicable Major Tenant) to whom directed within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. Each   such response shall be in writing and the reasons for any disapproval, denial or other negative   response shall be stated in reasonable detail. If a response is not given by the requested Owner   (or applicable Major Tenant) within the required time period, then the requesting Owner may   provide a second Response Request to the requested Owner (or applicable Major Tenant) stating   in capitalized letters that failure to respond within the applicable time period will be deemed to   constitute the giving of the requested approval, consent or other determination and, if no   response to the second Response Request is given by the Owner (or applicable Major Tenant)   within fifteen (15) days ofreceipt thereof, then the requested Owner (or applicable Major   Tenant) shall be deemed to have given the requested approval, consent or other determination.   Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the provisions of this Section C do   not apply in any manner or fashion to any request for or which may require an amendment to this   Agreement, such requests being governed solely by the provisions of Section V.J. below.      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-12       III. MAINTENANCE AND OPERATION      A. Maintenance and Operation of Properties and Easement Areas.      (i) Except for such obligations that are otherwise specifically allocated   between the Owners pursuant to this Agreement or another agreement of record affecting the   Properties, each Owner shall be solely responsible for maintaining and operating the Exterior   Elements of its respective Property in a sightly manner and, in any event, in keeping with the   standards of a first class office, research and development and/or light manufacturing facility in   the greater Boston, Massachusetts area. Each Owner shall bear the costs of such maintenance on   the Owner s respective Property (the  Maintenance Costs ), including such maintenance of the   Easement Areas within the Owner s respective Property, without right to charge the other Owner   therefor (except as otherwise expressly set forth herein). Such maintenance will include, but not   be limited to:      (a) snow and ice removal from any driveways, walkways, stairways,   parking areas and other paved areas (the  Paved   Areas       (b) patching,  repaving, or replacing  pavement  in Paved Areas;      (c) illumination of Paved Areas;      (d) landscaping; and      (e) maintenance of the Stormwater System in accordance with all   Governmental  Approvals.       Exterior Elements  shall mean all non-building outdoor areas (including without limitation all   grounds, lawns, patios, landscaped areas, driveways, walkways, parking areas and open spaces   within  the Easement Areas).      (ii) Each Owner may itself perform its responsibilities hereunder or may   contract with reputable and experienced contractors and service companies to provide any or all   of such services.      (iii) Subject to the terms, requirements and conditions set forth herein, each   Owner hereby grants to the other Owners an easement over the Property of such Owner to the   extent necessary to allow each of the other Owners, its employees, contractors and   representatives, to perform the work required or permitted to be performed by each such Owner   hereunder and solely for such purposes. Each such Owner hereby covenants and agrees to   exercise the foregoing easement rights in a manner so as not to unreasonably interfere with the   use and enjoyment by any other Owner and its tenants (including any Major Tenant) of its   respective Property and agrees that promptly following any work performed which involves   excavation or otherwise disturbs any Property to restore said Property to at least as good a   condition as that existing prior to the commencement of such work.      B. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section III.A. above, the 100   Owner shall reimburse the 144 Owner for   percent (_ %) of the 144 Owner s      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-13       Maintenance Costs within thirty (30) days of receiving an itemized statement of such costs   (supported by reasonable evidence of such costs), any such statement to be delivered from time   to time but not more frequently than once per calendar month.      C. Self Help Rights. In the event that an Owner (a  non-performing Owner ) fails   to perform any of the work or services required to be performed by such Owner hereunder in any   Easement Area, and such failure continues for thirty (30) days following written notice thereof   from any other Owner (a  performing Owner ) to the non-performing Owner and its Major   Tenant (if any) or, if said failure is not reasonably susceptible of cure within such 30 days, for   such additional period as is reasonable under the circumstances so long as the non-performing   Owner commenced cure within such 30 days and thereafter prosecuted such cure to completion   with due diligence, (except in the case of emergency in which case no prior written notice and   cure period shall be required so long as the performing Owner shall, within five (5) days   following the taking of any action pursuant to this Section C, notify the non-performing Owner   and its Major Tenant (if any) of the same), then any such performing Owner shall have the right,   at its sole option, to perform or cause to be performed such obligations in the Easement Areas, at   any time thereafter until the condition has been cured, and without waiving any claim for   damages for breach of this Agreement, and any reasonable amount paid or contractual liability   incurred by such performing Owner in so doing, shall be deemed paid or incurred for the account   of the non-performing Owner, and the non-performing Owner shall reimburse the performing   Owner therefor within twenty (20) days of demand (which demand shall include an itemized   statement of the amounts claimed, supported by reasonable evidence thereof).      D. Lien for Nonpayment. In the event of a default in the payment by an Owner of   any amounts due as and when required under Section III.B. or Section III.C., such amounts,   together with all reasonable costs of collection (including but not limited to attorneys  fees,   whether suit be brought or not), shall accrue with interest thereon at the Interest Rate. All such   unpaid amounts (including such costs of collection and interest) shall constitute a lien against the   Property of the defaulting Owner in order to secure the payment thereof. The existence of said   lien shall be evidenced upon recording with the Registry and filing with the Land Court of a   notice or statement thereof by the Owner to whom the amounts are due. Such lien shall relate   back to the date of this Agreement and be prior and superior to all liens and encumbrances of   record against the Property of the defaulting Owner on or after the date of this Agreement;   provided, however, that any such lien shall be subject and subordinate to the lien of any   mortgage on such Property now or hereafter held by any Qualified Lender that is placed of   record prior to the recording of any lien notice or statement as provided for in this Section D. As   used herein,  Interest Rate  shall mean an annual rate equal to 4% per annum in excess of the   prime rate of interest published from time to time in the Wall Street Journal-Eastern Edition (but   in no event shall such rate of interest exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted to be   charged by law). As used herein,  Qualified Lender  shall mean a bank, savings bank, savings   and loan association, trust company, credit union or similar such institution, insurance company,   pension plan, employee benefit plan, REIT, REMIC, or trustee under a commercial mortgage   backed securities issue or similar conduit lender, or an entity directly or indirectly controlling,   controlled by, or in common control with any of the foregoing.      IV. INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION      

A. Insurance.      (i) Each of the Owners covenants and agrees to maintain or cause to be   maintained at all times during the term of this Agreement, with respect to all Easement Areas   located on such Owner s Property, a policy of commercial general liability insurance in which   the primary coverage per accident or occurrence is not less than $1,000,000.00 of primary   combined single limit and the umbrella coverage per accident or occurrence is not less than   $5,000,000.00 in the aggregate, with each such policy naming each of the other Owners (and, in   the case where there is a Ground Lease (as defined herein) in effect, the fee owner of the ground   leased Property), its Major Tenant (if any) and the mortgagees (if any) of any of the foregoing   parties, as additional insureds.      (ii) All policies of insurance required to be maintained under this Agreement   may be furnished under any blanket policy (provided the minimum limits set forth herein are   specified) or under a separate policy therefor. The insurance shall be with carriers with a Best   Insurance rating of  A-  or better and a financial size rating of  VIII  or better and with   companies qualified to do business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and in good standing   therein. Certificates of the insurers, on the ACORD standard or equivalent forms, evidencing the   maintenance of such insurance policies shall be delivered to any party entitled to be named   thereunder at the time such party is first entitled to be named thereunder and, upon renewals, not   less than ten (I 0) days prior to the expiration of a coverage period. At any time after the third   (3rd) anniversary of the date of this Agreement, any minimum dollar coverage requirements set   forth herein shall be subject to increase to levels customarily required for similar risks at similar   properties in eastern Massachusetts, upon an Owner s election by notice to another applicable   Owner given from time to time (but not more than once in any given period of three (3) years).      B. Indemnification. Each Owner (an  Indemnifying Owner ) hereby indemnifies   and holds harmless the other Owners (and, in the case where there is a Ground Lease in effect,   the fee owner of the ground leased Property), their respective Major Tenants (if any) and the   respective mortgagees (if any) of any of the foregoing parties (each, an  Indemnified Party )   from any and all losses, liabilities, claims, expenses and costs (including reasonable attorneys   fees) arising out of (A) any accident, injury or damage whatsoever caused to any person, or to   the property of any person, occurring in or about (i) the Property of the Indemnifying Owner   except to the extent caused by the act or omission of the Indemnified Party and/or (ii) the   Property of the Indemnified Owner to the extent such accident, injury or damage is caused by the   act or omission of the Indemnifying Party, and (B) any default by an Indemnifying Party of its   obligations under this Agreement.      V. MISCELLANEOUS      A. Ground Lessees and Major Tenants.      (i) The rights and obligations of any Owner hereunder may, at the Owner s   election, be assigned, in whole (but not in part except as expressly set forth herein), to a Ground   Lessee of such Owner s Property provided such Ground Lessee expressly assumes the rights and   obligations of such Owner for the term of the Ground Lease. Such assignment and assumption   shall be effected by (I) the execution by such Owner and Ground Lessee of a written instrument         Reciprocal Easement Agreement-14      

memorializing the same and containing the name and address for notices of the Ground Lessee   (the  Assignment Instrument ), (2) the recording with the Middlesex County North Registry of   Deeds (the  Registry ) and/or filing with the Middlesex County (North) Registry District of the   Land Court (the  Land Court ), as applicable, of the Assignment Instrument and (3) the   delivery of a copy of the Assignment Instrument to the other Owners (and their respective Major   Tenants, if any); provided that if such assignment and assumption shall be set forth in the   Ground Lease then the foregoing requirements of this sentence shall be deemed satisfied by (x)   the recording with the Registry and/or filing with the Land Court, as applicable, of a notice of   lease for the Ground Lease in accordance with Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 183,   Section 4, which notice of lease shall contain a statement that the Ground Lease includes such   assignment and assumption, and (y) the delivery of a copy of such notice of lease to the other   Owners (and their respective Major Tenants, if any), and any such notice of lease shall be   deemed to constitute an Assignment Instrument. Under no circumstances shall any such   assignment of obligations to a Ground Lessee relieve the assigning Owner of its primary liability   for such obligations. As used herein,  Ground Lease  shall mean, with respect to a particular   Owner and its particular Property, a lease by the Owner of all of the land comprising such   Property and any or all of the Owner s interests in any improvements located thereon, and    Ground Lessee  shall mean the lessee under a Ground Lease.      (ii) In addition to the rights afforded under the preceding clause (i), any   Owner may, at the Owner s election, designate a Major Tenant on such Owner s Property to   have the rights expressly set forth in this Agreement as being for the benefit of a Major Tenant,   provided that in no event shall any such Major Tenant have any obligations under this   Agreement (as opposed to under its respective Major Lease) except to the extent expressly set   forth herein. Such designation shall be effected by (1) the execution by such Owner of a written   instrument memorializing the same and containing the name and address for notices of the Major   Tenant (the  Designation Instrument ), (2) the recording with the Registry and/or filing with   the Land Court, as applicable, of the Designation Instrument and (3) the delivery of a copy of   the Designation Instrument to the other Owners (and their respective Major Tenants, if any);   provided that if such designation shall be set forth in the Major Lease then the foregoing   requirements of this sentence shall be deemed satisfied by (x) the recording with the Registry   and/or filing with the Land Court, as applicable, of a notice of lease for the Major Lease in   accordance with Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 183, Section 4, which notice of lease shall   contain a statement that the Major Lease includes such designation, and (y) the delivery of a   copy of such notice of lease to the other Owners (and their respective Major Tenants, if any), and   any such notice of lease shall be deemed to constitute an Assignment Instrument.  As used   herein,  Major Lease  shall mean, with respect to a particular Owner and its particular Property,   a lease by the Owner of more than 50% of the gross floor area of all buildings located on such   Property, and  Major Tenant  shall mean the tenant under a Major Lease. It is acknowledged   that (AA) pursuant to the 144 Notice of Lease, the 144 Tenant has been designated as the Major   Tenant of the 144 Property, (BB) pursuant to the 100 Notice of Lease, the 100 Tenant has been   designated as the Major Tenant of the 100 Property, and (CC) pursuant to the Hale Notice of   Lease, the Hale Tenant has been designated as the Major Tenant of the Hale Property. In no   event shall there be more than one Major Lease in effect at any given time with respect to any   particular Property.            Reciprocal Easement Agreement-IS      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-16       B. Activity and Use Limitation. Reference is made to that certain Notice of   Activity and Use Limitation dated March 6, 2008, recorded in in the Registry in Book 21997,   Page 35 (the  AUL ). The Owners hereby acknowledge that the AUL may affect a portion of   the Easement Areas and they hereby agree to abide by its terms and conditions in all material   respects in the course of undertaking any work or conducting any activities on the Properties in   accordance with this Agreement.      C. Permitting. The Owners agree to cooperate and coordinate with respect to future   permitting efforts affecting one or more Properties as any Owner may reasonably request of the   other Owners.      D. Compliance with Law. In connection with the exercise of their respective rights   and obligations in the Easement Areas as set forth in this Agreement, each Owner shall fully   comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and ordinances, including but not limited to   all applicable environmental laws, rules, regulations and ordinances of all federal, state and local   governments, including without limitation causing the issuance of all Governmental Approvals   therefor. As used herein,  Governmental Approvals  shall mean, with respect to any particular   action to be taken by a party with respect to a particular Property as contemplated under this   Agreement, all permits, approvals, authorizations, consents or other actions required to be taken   by any governmental or quasi-governmental agent or agency as a condition thereto, in each case   final beyond appeal or the possibility of further appeal.      E. Notices. All notices and other communications authorized or required  hereunder   shall be in writing and shall be given (i) by hand delivery, (ii) by mailing the same by certified      mail or registered mail, return receipt requested,  postage  prepaid, or (iii) by overnight  air courier    or express delivery service with proof of delivery acknowledged, and any such notice or other   communication  shall be deemed  to have been given (x) when received  by the party to whom     such notice or other communication  shall be addressed,  or (y) on the date noted that the      addressee has refused delivery, or (z) on the date that the notice is returned to sender due to the   inability of the postal authorities to deliver.  Such  notices and other communications shall  be     given  to the following  parties at the following  respective  addresses:      100 Owner:               Attn:   ------------   With a copy to:               Attn:------------   144 Owner:      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-17                      Attn:------------   With a copy to:               Attn:------------   Hale Owner:               Attn:------------   With a copy to:               Attn:------------   Notices or other communications to a Ground Lessee shall be given at the address of such party   as set forth in the applicable Assignment Instrument, and notices or other communications to a   Major Tenant shall be given at the address of such party as set forth in the applicable   Designation Instrument. Any party hereto may change the address or addresses to which notices   to it shall be sent by a notice sent in accordance with the requirements of this Section E.      F. Limitation of Liability. No partner, member, shareholder, trustee, beneficiary,   director, officer, manager, or employee of any Owner, or any affiliate of such Owner, shall have   any personal liability under this Agreement. In addition, no Owner shall have personal liability   under this Agreement and, in the event any person obtains a judgment against any Owner in   connection with this Agreement, such person s sole recourse shall be to such Owner s interest in   the applicable Property; provided, however, that the foregoing limitation of liability shall not   apply in the event of any fraud, intentional misrepresentation, or intentional misconduct by such   Owner. In addition, each Owner shall be bound by this Agreement only during the period such   Owner is the owner of the fee (or, in the case of a Ground Lessee, leasehold) of the Owner s   respective Property, or portion of the Property; and, upon conveyance or transfer of such fee (or   leasehold) interest, shall be released from liability hereunder. In no event shall any Owner be   liable under this Agreement for any indirect, consequential, special or punitive damages incurred   by another Owner under this Agreement. Any Major Tenant shall be entitled to the same      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-18    limitations of liability as are afforded to its respective Owner under this Section F, mutatis   mutandis.      G. Severability. If any provision, including any phrase, sentence, clause, section or   subsection, of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,   inoperative or unenforceable for any reason, such circumstances shall not, if the rights and   obligations of the parties hereto will not be materially and adversely affected thereby, have the   effect of rendering such provision in question invalid, inoperative or unenforceable in any other   case or circumstance, or of rendering any other provision herein contained invalid, inoperative or   unenforceable to any extent whatsoever. Upon any such determination, the parties shall negotiate   in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely   as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be   consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.      H. Headings. The words  hereof ,  herein  and  hereunder  and words of like   import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any    particular provision of this Agreement. The words  party  or  parties  shall refer to any or all    of the Owners and applicable Major Tenants.  The captions herein are included for     convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in the construction  or interpretation     hereof. References to Sections are to Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.   Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any  plural    term the singular. Whenever the words  include ,  includes  or  including  are used in this   Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed  by the words  without limitation , whether     or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import.  Writing ,  written    and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words    (including electronic media) in a visible form. References to any agreement or contract are to   that agreement or contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in   accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.  References to any person include the     successors and permitted assigns of that person. References from or through any date mean,   unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, respectively. Any   reference to  days  means calendar days unless business days are expressly specified. If any   action under this Agreement is required to be done or taken on a day that is not a business      day, then such action shall be required to be done or taken not on such day but on the first   succeeding  business day thereafter.      I. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of   which shall  be an original  but all of which  shall constitute one and the same   instrument.      J. Amendment and Termination. This Agreement may be amended, modified, or   terminated at any time by a declaration in writing mutually agreed to, executed and   acknowledged by each of the Owners and applicable Major Tenants, and thereafter duly filed in   the Land Court and recorded with the Registry.      K. Benefit. The easements, rights and uses granted and reserved in this Agreement   are not intended to create, nor shall they be construed as creating any rights for the benefit of   the general public or any third party; rather, the easements, rights and uses granted and     reserved in this Agreement shall be for the benefit of, and restricted solely to, the Owners  from      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-19       time to time of the Properties and their tenants (including any Major Tenants) or other devisees   as expressly authorized hereunder.      L. Limitations on Time. The Owners intend that the provisions of this Agreement   shall not be subject to the Statutory Rule Against Perpetuities or any rule of law with respect to   restriction on the alienation of property or remoteness of vesting of property interests, and each   of the Owners hereby agrees that such Owner will not make any contrary assertion or seek the   benefit of the Statutory Rule Against Perpetuities or other such rule of law, in any dispute arising   under this Agreement. In the event, however, that the Statutory Rule Against Perpetuities, or   similar rule of law shall limit the time within which any restriction in this Agreement may be   valid or enforceable, such restriction is imposed for a period of ninety (90) years from the date of   recording of this Agreement in the Registry and filing of this Agreement in the Land Court, and   it is intended that the enforceability of any such restriction be extended beyond thirty (30) years   from the date of recording of this Declaration in the Registry and filing in the Land Court. As   provided under Massachusetts General Laws, Chapter 184, Section 27, as amended, the term of   the restrictions under this Agreement may be extended, for additional periods not exceeding   twenty (20) years each, by the recording in the Registry and the filing in the Land Court before   the expiration of thirty (30) years and before the expiration of any subsequent twenty (20) year   extension period, as applicable, of an instrument of extension executed by any of the Owners   benefitting from such restriction(s) at the time such instrument of extension is recorded and filed,   or for such longer periods and/or by such other lawful means to the fullest extent as may be   available under applicable law.      M. Estoppel Certificates. Upon fifteen (15) days  prior written notice, given in   connection with the transfer, financing and/or refinancing of any of the Properties and otherwise   no more than once in any calendar year, each of the Owners (and any Major Tenant) agrees to   provide to the requesting Owner, or its purchaser or lender, as the case may be, an estoppel   certificate stating, to its actual knowledge: (a) whether the Owner (or Major Tenant) knows of   any defaults or other sums owed under this Agreement on the part of the requesting Owner and,   if so, the nature thereof; (b) whether this Agreement has been assigned by the Owner (or Major   Tenant), or modified or amended in any way and, if so, the nature thereof; (c) that this   Agreement is in full force and effect as of the date of such estoppel certificate and (d) any other   information reasonably required by the requesting Owner (including without limitation whether   any amounts are due and owing to an Owner under the provisions of Section III.B. or Section   III.C. above).      N. Binding Obligations/Successors and Assigns; No Merger.  All easements,   rights and obligations under this Agreement shall run with the land and shall be binding upon,   enforceable by and against, and inure to the benefit of the Owners and their respective successors   and assigns in title. If at any time the interests under this Agreement of any two or more Owners   are held by one and the same person or entity then, for all intents and purposes under this   Agreement, such interests shall be deemed separate and distinct and shall not be deemed to have   been thereby merged or extinguished, unless and only to the extent that the Owners expressly   agree otherwise by an instrument recorded with the Registry and filed in the Land Court   subsequent to the recording and filing hereof.      

Reciprocal Easement Agreement-20    0. No Waiver. Failure on the part of one Owner (or Major Tenant) to complain of   any action or non-action on the part of the other Owner, no matter how long the same may   continue, shall never be a waiver by such Owner (or Major Tenant) of any of its rights   hereunder. Further, no waiver at any time of any of the provisions hereof by one Owner (or   Major Tenant) shall be construed as a waiver of any of the other provisions hereof, and a waiver   at any time of any of the provisions hereof shall not be construed as a waiver of the same   provisions at any subsequent time. The consent or approval of one Owner (or Major Tenant) to   or of any action by the other Owner requiring such consent or approval shall not be construed to   waive or render unnecessary such Owner s (or Major Tenant s) consent or approval to or of any   subsequent similar act by such other Owner.      P. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as   to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,   without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws, to the extent such principles or   rules are not mandatorily applicable by statute and would permit or require the application of   the laws of another jurisdiction, except to the extent that certain matters are preempted by   federal law or are governed by the law of the jurisdiction of organization of any party or other   entity referred to herein. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of   the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the federal courts of the United States of   America located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the appropriate appellate courts   thereof, solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this   Agreement and in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby.  The parties irrevocably   agree that all claims in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this   Agreement and in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby, or with respect to any such,   claims, dispute action or proceeding, shall be heard and determined in such a Commonwealth of   Massachusetts state or federal court, and that such jurisdiction of such courts with respect   thereto shall be exclusive, except solely to the extent that all such courts shall lawfully decline   to exercise such jurisdiction. The parties hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in   any action, dispute, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement  hereof or in     respect of any such transaction, that it is not subject to such jurisdiction. The parties hereby   waive, and agree not to assert, to the maximum extent permitted by law, as a defense in any   action, dispute, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or in respect of   any such transaction, that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not   maintainable in such courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this   Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts. The parties hereby consent to and grant   any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject matter of any   such dispute. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY   WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT   OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING   TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.      Q. Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if   any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and   that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to enforce specifically the   performance of the terms and provisions hereof in any court specified in Section V.P. The   parties hereby waive, in any action for specific performance, the defense of adequacy of a   remedy at law and the posting of any bond or other security in connection therewith.      

R. Costs of Collection. Should any party hereto commence any legal action against   another party hereto to enforce any obligation under this Agreement, the prevailing party (as   determined in such action) shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party reasonable   attorneys  fees, costs and expenses incurred in contesting such dispute.      S. No Documentary Stamps. No documentary stamps are attached, none being   required by law, as the consideration paid for this grant is less than One Hundred Dollars   ($100.00).      T. Further Assurances. The parties agree that at any time and from time to time   after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the parties shall, upon the request of the   other of them, execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as   the requesting party may reasonably request in order to more fully carry out the purposes of this   Agreement.         [szgnatures commence on the following  page]                                                                                             Reciprocal Easement Agreement-21      

Signature Page to Reciprocal Easement Agreement    lOOOWNER:      By:     Name:   ---------------   Title:                 STATE OF-------      COUNTY OF------ , ss      On this   day of ,  2016,  before  me,  the  undersigned  notary public,   personally appeared  , proved to me through  satisfactory evidence   of identification, which was  , to be the person whose name is signed on   the preceding or attached document, as   of  _   a limited  liability  company, and acknowledged  to me that he/she signed it   voluntarily for its stated purpose.         Notary Public   Print Name:   My Commission  Expires:   ------   [signatures continue on following page]      

Signature Page to Reciprocal Easement Agreement       1440WNER:      By:    Name:-------------   ---   Title:                 STATE OF   -------      COUNTY OF  , ss      On this   day of ,  2016,  before  me,  the  undersigned  notary public,   personally appeared , proved to me through  satisfactory evidence                                                                                        of identification, which was  , to be the person whose name is signed on   the preceding or attached document, as   of  _   a limited  liability company, and acknowledged  to me that he/she  signed it   voluntarily for its stated purpose.         Notary Public   Print Name:   My Commission Expires:  _         [signatures  continue  on following page]      

Signature Page to Reciprocal Easement Agreement          HALE OWNER:      By:    Name:-------------   ---   Title:                  STATE OF   -------         COUNTY OF   -- -    -    , ss      On this   day of ,  2016,  before  me,  the  undersigned  notary public,   personally appeared  , proved to me through  satisfactory evidence   of identification, which was  , to be the person whose name is signed on   the preceding or attached document, as   of  _   a limited  liability company, and acknowledged  to me that he/she  signed it   voluntarily for its stated purpose.         Notary Public   Print Name:   My Commission  Expires:   -------         

Exhibit A-1    Exhibit A-1      Legal Description of 100 Property      

Exhibit A-2    Exhibit A-2      Legal  Description  of 144 Property      

Exhibit A-3    Exhibit A-3      Legal Description of Hale Property      121 Hale Street, Lowell MA      Lot A-1 shown on a plan entitled,  Plan of Land in Lowell, MA for UAE Lowell Power   LLC , dated January 18, 2000, by Robert M. Gill   Associates, Inc., Civil Engineers   Land   Surveyors, recorded with the Middlesex North District Registry of Deeds in Plan Book 202, Plan   140.      Included within the bounds of said Lot A-1 is registered Lot 5 shown on Land Court Plan   6039-B, dated December 22, 1976, a copy of which  is filed  with Middlesex North Registry    District  of the Land  Court,  Certificate  of Title No. 21963.      Together with a benefit of an easement over  Lot A-2 reserved  in a deed dated  December     1, 2000 recorded  with the Middlesex  North  District  Registry of Deeds in  Book 11207, Page  294.      

Exhibit B    Exhibit B      Site Plan      

Exhibit B    Exhibit C         Easement Plan      

Exhibit B      Exhibit D         (Permitted  Encumbrances)         1. Easement from The City Development Authority to Massachusetts Electric Company  dated March   24, 1977, recorded in Book 2241, Page 309, as affected by Easement Agreement dated July 19, 1982,   recorded in Book 2547, Page 94.      2. Covenants set forth in Deed from City Development Authority to City of Lowell dated October 2,   1978, recorded in Book 2332, Page 534, at Page 549 and filed as Document No. 76121 to the extent   in force and applicable.      3. Taking by the City of Lowell for layout of Chelmsford Street dated January 17, 1979, recorded in   Book 2349, Page 216.      4. Covenants and easements contained in Deed from City of Lowell to Wang Laboratories dated   December 31, 1980, recorded in Book 2459, Page 212 and filed as Document No. 81413.      5. Access and License Agreement by and between AMP Incorporated, M/A-Com, Division and   L Energia Limited Partnership, dated November 17, 1997, recorded in Book 8910, Page 285, and re-   recorded in Book 9034, Page 184, as amended by Amendment Agreement dated February 25, 1999,   recorded in Book 10461, Page 68.      6. Notice of Activity and Use Limitation dated March 6, 2008, recorded in Book 21997, Page 35.                  62472085 v16            

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21110-k2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name 
    Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
      MACOM Technology Solutions Inc. 
    Delaware 
      Mindspeed Technologies, LLC. 
    Delaware 
      Nitronex, LLC 
    Delaware 
      Photonic Controls, LLC 
    New York 
      BinOptics, LLC 
    Delaware 
      Aeroflex/Metelics, Inc. 
    California 
      FIBOC, LLC 
    Delaware 
      MACOM Technology Solutions (HK) Limited 
    Hong Kong 
      M/A-COM Technology Solutions International Limited 
    Ireland 
      M/A-COM Technology Solutions (UK) Limited 
    Northern Ireland 
      M/A-COM Technology Solutions (Holding) Company Limited 
    Ireland 
      MACOM Technology Solutions Limited 
    Ireland 
      M/A-COM Tech Asia, Inc. 
    Taiwan 
      MACOM Technology Solutions (Bangalore) Private Limited 
    India 
      M/A-COM Technology Solutions (Shanghai) Company Limited 
    China 
      MACOM Technology Solutions K.K.  
    Japan 
      MACOM Japan Limited 
    Japan 
      Mindspeed Technologies B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      MACOM Technology Solutions Canada Inc. 
    Canada 
      Mindspeed Technologies K.K. 
    Japan 
      Mindspeed Technologies U.K., Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      MACOM Technology Solutions S.A.S. 
    France 
      Mindspeed Technologies (Mauritius) Limited 
    Mauritius 
      Mindspeed Technologies GmbH 
    Germany 
      Mindspeed Technologies Ukraine, LLC 
    Ukraine 
      Mindspeed Development Malaysia Sdn Bhd 
    Malaysia 
      Mindspeed Telecommunications Technologies Development (Shenzhen) Company Limited 
    China 
      Mindspeed Technologies India Private Limited 
    India 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23110-k2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No. 333-209610, No. 333-193098, and No. 333-180219 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-188728 and No. 333-201827 on Form S-3 of our reports dated   November 17, 2016  , relating to the consolidated financial statements of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., and the effectiveness of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   September 30, 2016  . 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31110-k2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, John Croteau, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31210-k2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Robert J. McMullan, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                    Date: 
    11/17/2016 

/s/ Robert J. McMullan 
        
    Robert J. McMullan 
        
    Senior Vice President and  
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32110-k2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), John Croteau, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Robert J. McMullan, as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, each hereby certifies, pursuant to and solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
  (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ Robert J. McMullan 
      Robert J. McMullan 
      Senior Vice President and 
      Chief Financial Officer 
      11/17/2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 mtsi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mtsi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 mtsi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mtsi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mtsi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mtsi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

