<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161201_10-Q_edgar_data_1498301_0001498301-16-000200_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5251971</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>136376</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>311782</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1644737</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2124256</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>935411</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001498301-16-000200.hdr.sgml : 20161201
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161201164057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001498301-16-000200
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161029
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161201
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161201

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ascena Retail Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001498301
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		IRS NUMBER:				300641353
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0729

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11736
		FILM NUMBER:		162028807

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		933 MACARTHUR BOULEVARD
		CITY:			MAHWAH
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07430
		BUSINESS PHONE:		551.777.6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		933 MACARTHUR BOULEVARD
		CITY:			MAHWAH
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07430

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001498301-16-000200.txt : 20161201

10-Q
 1
 asna10q-q1fy17.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark One)  

For the Quarterly Period Ended   October 29, 2016    
    
  or 

Commission File Number: 0-11736 
    
  ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC  . 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Delaware 
      
    30-0641353 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

933 MacArthur Boulevard, Mahwah, New Jersey  
      
    07430 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(551) 777-6700 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer   x 
    Accelerated filer     
    Non-accelerated filer     
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No     
  The Registrant had   194,764,068   shares of common stock outstanding as of   November 29, 2016  . 

INDEX 
                      PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited) 

Page 
      Item 1. 
    Condensed Financial Statements: 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    3 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    4 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    5 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
    6 
        
    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    7 

Item 2. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    21 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    32 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
    32 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
        
      Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
    33 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
    33 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    33 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
    34 

Signatures 
      
    35 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   3 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF     OPERATIONS 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   4 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Three Months Ended 
        
    October 29,  2016 
      
    October 24,  2015 
        
    (millions) 
  (unaudited) 
      Net income (loss)  
    $ 
    14.4 

$ 
    (18.1 
    ) 
      Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax  : 

Net actuarial loss on a defined benefit plan, net of income tax benefit of $0.4 million 
    (0.7 
    ) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment  
    (0.8 
    ) 
      
    1.2 
      
      Total other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassification 
    (1.5 
    ) 
      
    1.2 
      
      Reclassification of settlement charges for   ANN  's pension plan, net of income tax benefit of $1.3 million 
    2.0 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 
    $ 
    14.9 

$ 
    (16.9 
    ) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   5 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   6 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Description of Business 
    
  ascena retail group, inc., a Delaware corporation ( ascena  or the  Company ), is a leading national specialty retailer of apparel for women and tween girls. On August 21, 2015, the Company acquired ANN INC. ("  ANN  "), a retailer of women s apparel, shoes and accessories sold primarily under the   Ann Taylor   and   LOFT   brands (the "  ANN   Acquisition"). The Company operates, through its   100%   owned subsidiaries, ecommerce operations and approximately   4,900   stores throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. The Company had annual revenues for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2016 of approximately   $7.0 billion  . The Company and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as the  Company,   ascena,   we,   us,   our  and  ourselves,  unless the context indicates otherwise. 
    
  In connection with the Change for Growth program, as more fully described in Note 7, effective with the beginning of Fiscal 2017, the Company reorganized into four operating segments:   Premium Fashion  ,   Value Fashion  ,   Plus     Fashion   and   Kids Fashion  . All of our segments sell fashion merchandise to the women's and girls' apparel market across a wide range of ages, sizes and demographics. Our segments consist of specialty retail, outlet and ecommerce as well as licensed franchises in international territories at our   Kids Fashion   segment. Our segment brand-based activities are as follows: our   Premium Fashion   segment consists of our   Ann Taylor   and   LOFT   brands; our   Value Fashion   segment consists of our   maurices   and   dressbarn   brands; our   Plus Fashion   segment consists of our   Lane Bryant   and   Catherines   brands; and our   Kids Fashion   segment consists of our   Justice   brand. For a more detailed description of each brand's products and markets in which they serve, see Part I, Item 1 "Business"  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2016 (the "Fiscal 2016 10-K"). 
    
  The Company's brands had the following store counts as of   October 29, 2016  :   Ann Taylor     340   stores;   LOFT     683   stores;   maurices   1,006   stores;   dressbarn     809   stores;   Lane Bryant     776   stores;   Catherines     370   stores; and   Justice     936   stores. 

2. Basis of Presentation 
    
  Interim Financial Statements 
    
  These interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and are unaudited.  In the opinion of management, however, such condensed consolidated financial statements contain all normal and recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the condensed consolidated financial condition, results of operations, comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows of the Company for the interim periods presented. In addition, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted from this report as permitted by the SEC s rules and regulations. However, the Company believes that the disclosures herein are adequate to ensure that the information is fairly presented. 
    
  The condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of July 30, 2016 is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Fiscal 2016 10-K, which should be read in conjunction with these interim financial statements. Reference is made to the Fiscal 2016 10-K for a complete set of financial statements. 
    
  Fiscal Period 
    
  The Company utilizes a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in July. Fiscal year 2017 will end on July 29, 2017 and will be a 52-week period ( Fiscal 2017 ). Fiscal year 2016 ended on July 30, 2016 and was a 53-week period ( Fiscal 2016 ). The   three   months ended   October 29, 2016   and the three months ended   October 24, 2015   are both 13-week periods.  
    
  Our   Premium Fashion   segment, which represents the results of   Ann Taylor   and   LOFT   for the post-acquisition period from August 22, 2015 to October 31, 2015 have been included herein for the ascena three-month period ended October 24, 2015, resulting in a one-week reporting lag for the first quarter of Fiscal 2016. The effect of this one-week reporting period difference is not material to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015  .  As of the end of Fiscal 2016, our   Premium Fashion   segment is on the same fiscal calendar as the rest of the Company's operating segments. 

7 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Reclassification 
    
  During the third quarter of Fiscal 2016, the Company determined that, for the first six months of Fiscal 2016, an expense for our   Premium Fashion   segment, which should have been classified as Buying, distribution and occupancy expenses, had been incorrectly classified as Cost of goods sold. As a result, the Company restated its prior period information by reclassifying   $6.6 million   of these costs for the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 to Buying, distribution and occupancy expenses from Cost of goods sold, thereby increasing Gross margin. This change had no effect on the previously reported Operating loss or Net loss. 

3. Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The guidance simplifies the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements and the classification in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods therein, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the guidance and its impact on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases." The guidance requires the lessee to recognize the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by leases with terms of 12 months or more. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods therein, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the guidance and its impact on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC"), "Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)." The guidance requires that an entity recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in the amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods and services. The guidance, which was deferred in July 2015, is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods therein. The guidance may be applied retrospectively to each period presented or with the cumulative effect recognized as of the initial date of application. The Company is currently evaluating the guidance and its impact on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements.  

4. Acquisition of ANN INC. 
    
  On August 21, 2015, the Company acquired   100%   of the outstanding common stock of   ANN   for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $2.1 billion  . The purchase price consisted of approximately   $1.75 billion   in cash and the issuance of   31.2 million   shares of the Company's common stock valued at approximately   $345 million  , based on the Company's stock price on the date of the acquisition. The cash portion of the purchase price was funded with borrowings under a   $1.8 billion     seven  -year, variable-rate term loan described in Note 8. The acquisition is intended to diversify our portfolio of brands that serve the needs of women of different ages, sizes and demographics.  
    
  The Company expensed   $20.5 million   of transaction costs during the first quarter of Fiscal 2016, which are included within Acquisition and integration expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  In addition, as a result of the write-up of   ANN  's assets and liabilities to fair value, the Company expensed   $11.0 million   and   $110.7 million   during the three months ended   October 29, 2016   and   October 24, 2015  , respectively. The expenses in the three months ended   October 29, 2016   reflect   $7.8 million   of depreciation and amortization expense associated with the write-up of   ANN  's customer relationships and property and equipment and   $3.2 million   of other purchase accounting adjustments which are primarily lease-related. The expenses in the three months ended   October 24, 2015   reflect   $104.2 million   recorded to Cost of goods sold related to the write-up of   ANN  's inventory and   $6.5 million   of depreciation and amortization.  

8 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

There were no measurement-period adjustments recorded during the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 and the allocation of the purchase price is final. The following table summarizes the final allocation of fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the   ANN   Acquisition. 

The following pro forma information has been prepared as if the   ANN   Acquisition and the issuance of stock and debt to finance the acquisition had occurred as of the beginning of Fiscal 2015: 

The Fiscal 2016 pro forma amounts reflect the historical operational results for ascena as well as those of   ANN   for the three-week stub period preceding the close of the transaction on August 21, 2015. The pro forma amounts also reflect the effect of pro forma adjustments of   $70.0 million  , net of taxes, for the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015  . These adjustments primarily reflect transaction costs and the amortization of the fair value adjustment to inventory, which are currently included in the reported results and are excluded from the Fiscal 2016 pro forma amounts due to their non-recurring nature.  
    
  The pro forma weighted-average number of common shares outstanding assumes that   31.2 million   shares of ascena common stock issued in connection with the acquisition had been issued as of the beginning of Fiscal 2015. The pro forma weighted-average number of diluted shares outstanding for the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 includes the potential dilutive shares of   1.9 million  , which are excluded from the reported weighted-average diluted shares outstanding due to the net loss incurred during the period. 
  
   9 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The pro forma financial information is not indicative of the operational results that would have been obtained had the transactions actually occurred as of that date, nor is it necessarily indicative of the Company s future operational results. 

5. Inventories 
    
  Inventories substantially consist of finished goods merchandise. Inventory by segment is set forth below: 

6. Long-Lived Assets Impairment 
    
  The charges below reduced the net carrying value of certain long-lived assets to their estimated fair value, which was determined based on discounted expected cash flows. These impairment charges were primarily related to the lower-than-expected operating performance of certain retail stores. Impairment losses for retail store-related assets and finite-lived intangible assets are included as a component of Selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for all periods. There were no finite-lived intangible asset impairment losses recorded for any of the periods presented. 
    
  Impairment charges related to long-lived tangible assets by segment are as follows: 

7. Restructuring and Other Related Charges 
    
  In October 2016, the Company initiated a restructuring plan with the objective of delivering sustainable long-term growth and shareholder value (the "Change for Growth" program). The Change for Growth program is expected to (i) refine the Company's operating model to increase its focus on key customer segments, (ii) improve time-to-market, (iii) reduce working capital and (iv) enhance the Company's ability to serve customers on any purchasing platform, all while better leveraging the Company's shared service platform. The Company's new operating model is designed to focus on enhancing customer-facing capabilities while eliminating organization overlap. As part of refining the operating model, the Company made organizational changes resulting in the creation of the   Premium Fashion  ,   Value Fashion  ,   Plus Fashion   and   Kids Fashion   operating segments.  
    
  As a result of the Change for Growth program, the Company eliminated a number of executive positions which resulted in a charge of   $11.9 million   during the first quarter of Fiscal 2017. The charge consisted of   $8.1 million   of severance and other related expenses and   $3.8 million   of professional fees and is recorded within Restructuring and other related charges in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The remaining severance-related liability is   $7.4 million   at   October 29, 2016   and is expected to be paid by the end of Fiscal 2017. The Company is still evaluating various potential opportunities and additional charges may be required in future periods as these plans are identified and executed. 

10 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

8. Debt 

_______ 
   (a)    The unamortized debt issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the amended revolving credit agreement. 
   (b)    The original issue discount and debt issuance costs for the term loan are amortized over the life of the term loan using the interest rate method based on an imputed interest rate of approximately   6.3%  .  
    
  Amended Revolving Credit Agreement 
    
  The Company's amended revolving credit agreement (the  Amended Revolving Credit Agreement ) provides aggregate revolving commitments up to   $600 million  , with an optional increase of up to   $200 million   and expires in August 2020. There are no mandatory reductions in aggregate revolving commitments throughout the term of the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement. However, borrowing availability under the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Availability") is limited by the amount of eligible cash, inventory and receivables as defined in the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement. 
    
  The Amended Revolving Credit Agreement may be used for the issuance of letters of credit, to fund working capital requirements and capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes. The Amended Revolving Credit Agreement includes a   $350 million   letter of credit sub-limit, of which   $100 million   can be used for standby letters of credit, and a   $30 million   swing loan sub-limit.  
    
  Throughout the term of the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement, the Company can elect to borrow either Alternative Base Rate Borrowings ("ABR Borrowings") or Eurodollar Borrowings. Eurodollar Borrowings bear interest at a variable rate using the LIBOR for such Interest Period plus an applicable margin ranging from   125 basis points   to   150 basis points   based on the Company s average availability during the previous fiscal quarter. ABR Borrowings bear interest at a variable rate determined using a base rate equal to the greatest of (i) prime rate, (ii) federal funds rate plus   50 basis points  , or (iii) one-month LIBOR plus   100 basis points  ; plus an applicable margin ranging from   25 basis points   to   50 basis points   based on the average availability during the previous fiscal quarter. As of   October 29, 2016  , borrowings under the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement consisted of   $40.0 million   of Eurodollar Borrowings at a rate of   1.81%   and   $9.4   million of ABR Borrowings at a rate of   3.75%  . 
    
  Under the terms of the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement, the unutilized commitment fee ranges from   20 basis points   to   25 basis points   per annum based on the Company's average utilization during the previous fiscal quarter. 
    
  As of   October 29, 2016  , after taking into account the   $49.4 million   of revolving debt outstanding and the   $27.6 million   in outstanding letters of credit, the Company had   $523.0 million   of availability under the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement. 
    
  Term Loan 
    
  In connection with the   ANN   Acquisition, the Company entered into a   $1.8 billion   variable-rate term loan (the "Term Loan"), which was issued at a   2%   discount and provides for an additional term facility of   $200 million  . The Company is also eligible to borrow an unlimited amount, as long as the Company maintains a minimum senior secured leverage ratio as defined in the Term Loan (the "Senior Secured Leverage Ratio") among other factors. 

11 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The Term Loan matures on August 21, 2022 and requires quarterly repayments of   $4.5 million   in calendar 2016 and   $22.5 million   thereafter, with a remaining balloon payment of approximately   $1.2 billion   required at maturity. In August 2016, the Company repaid   $100 million   and in October 2016, subsequent to the end of the first quarter, the Company repaid an additional   $22.5 million  . These payments were applied to the future quarterly scheduled payments such that the Company is not required to make its next quarterly payment until May 2018. The Company is also required to make mandatory prepayments in connection with certain prepayment events, including (i) commencing with the fiscal year ending July 29, 2017 if the Company has excess cash flow, as defined in the Term Loan, for any fiscal year and the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio for such fiscal year exceeds certain predetermined limits and (ii) from Net Proceeds, as defined in the Term Loan, of asset dispositions and certain casualty events that are greater than   $25 million   in the aggregate in any fiscal year and not reinvested (or committed to be reinvested) within   one year  , in each case subject to certain conditions and exceptions. The Company has the right to prepay the Term Loan in any amount and at any time with no prepayment penalties. 
    
  At the time of initial borrowings and renewal periods throughout the term of the Term Loan, the Company may elect to borrow either ABR Borrowings or Eurodollar Borrowings. Eurodollar Borrowings bear interest at a variable rate using LIBOR (subject to a   75 basis points   floor) plus an applicable margin of   450 basis points  . ABR Borrowings bear interest at a variable rate determined using a base rate (subject to a floor of   175 basis points  ) equal to the greatest of (i) prime rate, (ii) federal funds rate plus   50 basis points  , or (iii) LIBOR plus   100 basis points  , plus an applicable margin of   350 basis points  . As of   October 29, 2016  , borrowings under the Term Loan consisted entirely of Eurodollar Borrowings at a rate of   5.25%  . 
    
  Restrictions under the Term Loan and the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement (collectively the "Borrowing Agreements") 
    
  Under the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement, the Company is required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio, as defined in the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement, of at least   1.00   to 1.00 any time in which the Company is in a covenant period, as defined in the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Covenant Period").  Such Covenant Period is in effect if Availability is less than the greater of (a)   10%   of the Credit Limit (the lesser of total Revolving Commitments and the Borrowing Base) and (b)   $45 million   for   three   consecutive business days and ends when Availability is greater than these thresholds for   30   consecutive days. The Covenant Period was not in effect as of   October 29, 2016  . 
    
  The Borrowing Agreements contain customary negative covenants, subject to negotiated exceptions, on (i) liens and guarantees, (ii) investments, (iii) indebtedness, (iv) significant corporate changes including mergers and acquisitions, (v) dispositions and (vi) restricted payments, cash dividends, stock repurchases and certain other restrictive agreements. The Borrowing Agreements also contain customary events of default, such as payment defaults, cross-defaults to certain material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency, the occurrence of a defined change in control, or the failure to observe the negative covenants and other covenants related to the operation of the Company s business, in each case subject to customary grace periods. 
    
  The Company's Amended Revolving Credit Agreement allows us to make restricted payments, including dividends and share repurchases subject to the Company satisfying certain conditions set forth in the Company's Amended Revolving Credit Agreement, notably that at the time of and immediately after giving effect to the restricted payment, (i) there is no default or event of default and (ii) Availability is not less than   20%   of the aggregate revolving commitments. The Company's Term Loan allows us to make restricted payments, including dividends and share repurchases up to a predetermined dollar amount. The dollar amount limitation is waived upon the satisfaction of certain conditions under the Term Loan, notably that at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such restricted payment, (i) there is no default or event of default and (ii) the total leverage ratio, as defined in the Term Loan agreement, is below predetermined limits. Dividends are payable when declared by our Board of Directors. 
    
  The Company s obligations under the Borrowing Agreements are guaranteed by certain of its domestic subsidiaries (the  Subsidiary Guarantors ). As collateral under the Borrowing Agreements and the guarantees thereof, the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors have granted to the administrative agents for the benefit of the lenders a first priority lien on substantially all of their tangible and intangible assets, including, without limitation, certain domestic inventory and certain material real estate. 

12 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Maturities of Debt 
  The Company's debt matures as follows: 

_______ 
   (a)    In October 2016, subsequent to the end of the first quarter, the Company repaid   $22.5 million   and is not required to make its next quarterly payment until May 2018. The table above does not reflect the effect of the   $22.5 million   payment.  

9. Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In evaluating the fair value measurement techniques for recording certain financial assets and liabilities, there is a three-level valuation hierarchy under which financial assets and liabilities are designated. The determination of the applicable level within the hierarchy of a particular financial asset or liability depends on the lowest level of inputs used that are significant to the fair value measurement as of the measurement date as follows: 
    
                 Level 1 
    Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; 
    
      Level 2 
    Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are recently traded (not active); and  
      Level 3 
    Instruments with little, if any, market activity are valued using significant unobservable inputs or valuation techniques. 

As of   October 29, 2016   and July 30, 2016, the Company believes that the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale investments, accounts and other receivables and accounts payable approximates their estimated fair values due to the short maturities of these financial instruments. As the Company s revolving credit facility is variable rate, the Company believes that there is no significant difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value as of   October 29, 2016   and July 30, 2016. The fair value of the Term Loan was determined to be   $1.583 billion   as of   October 29, 2016   and   $1.683 billion   as of July 30, 2016 based on quoted market prices from recent transactions, which are considered Level 2 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  The Company s non-financial instruments, which primarily consist of goodwill, intangible assets and property and equipment, are not required to be measured at fair values on a recurring basis and are reported at their carrying values. However, on a periodic basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable (and at least annually for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets), non-financial instruments are assessed for impairment and, if applicable, written-down to (and recorded at) fair values.  

13 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

10. Equity 

Common Stock Repurchase Program 
    
  In December 2015, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a   $200 million   share repurchase program (the  2016 Stock Repurchase Program ). Under the 2016 Stock Repurchase Program, purchases of shares of common stock may be made at the Company s discretion from time to time, subject to overall business and market conditions. Currently, share repurchases in excess of   $100 million   are subject to certain restrictions under the terms of the Company's Borrowing Agreements, as more fully described in Note 8. Repurchased shares are retired and treated as authorized but unissued. The excess of repurchase price over the par value of common stock for the repurchased shares is charged entirely to retained earnings.  
    
  There were no repurchases of common stock by the Company during the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016  . The remaining availability under the 2016 Stock Repurchase Program was approximately   $181.4 million   at   October 29, 2016  . 
    
  Net Income (Loss) per Common Share 
    
  Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to common shares after preferred dividend requirements, if any, by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share adjusts basic net income (loss) per common share for the effects of outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and any other potentially dilutive financial instruments, only in the periods in which such effect is dilutive under the treasury stock method. 
    
  The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate basic net income (loss) per common share is reconciled to those shares used in calculating diluted net income (loss) per common share as follows: 

(a)      There was no dilutive effect of stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units for the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 as the impact of these items was anti-dilutive because of the Company's net loss incurred during the period.  
    
  Options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price greater than the average market price of the common stock during the reporting period are anti-dilutive, and therefore not included in the computation of diluted net income (loss) per common share. In addition, the Company has outstanding restricted stock units that are issuable only upon the achievement of certain service conditions. Any performance or market-based restricted stock units outstanding are included in the computation of diluted shares only to the extent the underlying performance or market conditions (a) are satisfied prior to the end of the reporting period or (b) would be satisfied if the end of the reporting period was the end of the related contingency period, and the result would be dilutive under the treasury stock method. Potentially dilutive instruments are not included in the computation of net loss per share for the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015   as the impact of those items would have been anti-dilutive due to the net loss incurred  
  
   14 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

for the period. For the three months ended   October 29, 2016   and   October 24, 2015  , respectively,   19.6 million   and   17.6 million   shares of anti-dilutive options and/or restricted stock units were excluded from the diluted share calculations.  

11. Stock-based Compensation 
    
  As of   October 29, 2016  , there were approximately   15.1 million   shares remaining under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan available for future grants. The Company issues new shares of common stock when stock option awards are exercised and restricted stock units vest.    
    
  Impact on Results 
    
  A summary of the total compensation expense and associated income tax benefit recognized related to stock-based compensation arrangements is as follows: 

Stock Options 
    
  The Company s weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options granted during the periods presented were as follows: 

A summary of the stock option activity under all plans during the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016   is as follows: 

_______ 
            (a)   
    The intrinsic value is the amount by which the market price at the end of the period of the underlying share of stock exceeds the exercise price of the stock option. 
               (b)   
    The number of options expected to vest takes into consideration estimated expected forfeitures. 

15 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

As of   October 29, 2016  , there was   $26.3 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of   2.2   years. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016   was de minimus and during the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015   was approximately   $7.0 million  . The total grant date fair value of options that vested during the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016   was approximately   $12.8 million   and during the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015   was approximately   $12.7 million  . 
    
  Restricted Equity Awards 
    
  A summary of restricted equity awards activity during the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016   is as follows: 

As of   October 29, 2016  , there was   $21.5 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the service-based Restricted Equity Awards, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of   2.7 years  .  

12. Employee Benefit Plans  
    
  Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
  During Fiscal 2016, the Company created a long-term incentive program ("LTIP") for vice presidents and above under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The LTIP entitles the holder to either a cash payment, or a stock payment for certain officers at the Company's option, equal to a predetermined target amount earned at the end of a performance period and is subject to (a) the grantee s continuing employment and (b) the Company s achievement of certain performance goals over a one, two or three-year performance period. Compensation expense for the LTIP is recognized over the related performance periods based on the expected achievement of the performance goals.  
    
  The Company recognized   $3.7 million   in compensation expense for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   and   $0.8 million   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015   which was recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the  condensed consolidated financial statements. As of   October 29, 2016  , there was   $39.9 million   of expected unrecognized compensation cost related to the LTIP, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of   2.3 years  . As of   October 29, 2016  , the liability for LTIP Awards was   $13.4 million  , of which   $4.1 million   was classified within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and   $9.3 million   was classified within Other non-current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the Company paid   $10.4 million   to settle such liabilities during the three months ended   October 29, 2016  . 
    
  Defined Benefit Plan 
    
  In connection with the   ANN   Acquisition, the Company assumed   ANN  's pension plan which was frozen and for which the accumulated benefit obligation exceeded the plan's assets by approximately   $12 million   as of July 30, 2016. In Fiscal 2016, the Company made a decision to terminate the plan. The liquidation of the trust began during the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 and was completed early in the second quarter of Fiscal 2017 with the remaining obligation transferred to a third-party and settled through a non-participating annuity contract. Under the terms of liquidation, some participants elected to receive lump-sum payments while the others elected to remain in the plan. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2017, the Company expensed   $3.3 million   to reflect settlement charges associated with the lump sum payments to its participants and   $0.6 million   for professional fees which were expensed as incurred, both of which are included within Acquisition and integration expenses in the condensed consolidated  
  
   16 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

statement of operations. As the transfer to the third party discussed above did not occur prior to the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2017, the accumulated actuarial loss of   $4.1 million   (less an income tax benefit of   $1.6 million  ) remained within Accumulated other comprehensive loss as of   October 29, 2016   and will be reclassified to Acquisition and integration expenses during the second quarter of Fiscal 2017. At that time, the trust will be fully liquidated. 

13. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Legal Matters 
    
  Justice Pricing Litigation 
    
  The Company is a defendant in a number of class action lawsuits that allege that   Justice   s promotional practices violated state comparative pricing laws in connection with advertisements promoting a   40%   discount. The plaintiffs further allege false advertising, violation of state consumer protection statutes, breach of contract, breach of express warranty and unfair benefit to   Justice  . The plaintiffs seek to stop   Justice   s allegedly unlawful practice and obtain damages for   Justice   s customers in the named states. They also seek interest and legal fees. 
    
  In July 2015, an agreement was reached with the plaintiffs in the   Rougvie   case to settle the lawsuits on a class basis with all   Justice   customers who made purchases between January 1, 2012 and February 28, 2015 for approximately   $51 million  , including payments to members of the class, payment of legal fees and expenses of settlement administration. As a result, the Company established a reserve for approximately   $51 million   during Fiscal 2015.  
    
  The proposed Settlement Agreement was filed with the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for preliminary approval on September 24, 2015 and received preliminary approval by the court on October 27, 2015. The Company paid approximately   $51 million   representing the agreed settlement amount into an escrow account on November 16, 2015. Formal notice of settlement was sent to the class members on December 1, 2015. The final approval hearing was held on May 20, 2016, and on July 29, 2016, the Court granted the parties  joint motion for final approval of settlement and dismissed the case with prejudice. In reaching this conclusion, the Court rejected virtually all of the objections to the settlement that had been raised, but did reduce the amount of attorneys  fees to be paid to plaintiffs  counsel, which will not affect the total amount of the settlement. The Court s decision has been appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.  Once there is a final non-appealable approval of the Settlement Agreement, it will resolve all claims in all of the outstanding class actions on behalf of customers who made purchases between January 1, 2012 and February 28, 2015. 
    
  Potential claims related to purchases made in 2010 and 2011 have been raised and it is possible that individual class members who excluded themselves from the settlement may seek to pursue their own individual or class claims not subject to the broader settlement. The Company believes it has strong defenses to any such claims and is prepared to defend against them. The Company believes that the liability associated with any such claims would not be material. If the matters described herein do not occur and the pricing lawsuits are not finally resolved, the ultimate resolution of these matters may or may not result in an additional material loss, which cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.  
    
  Reference is made to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2016 filed with the SEC on September 19, 2016, which includes a description of the lawsuits comprising the Justice pricing litigation and should be read in conjunction with the foregoing update. 
    
  Steven Linares v. ANN INC. 
    
  On December 29, 2015, plaintiff, Steven Linares, a former   ANN   sales associate, filed a class action complaint on behalf of all sales leads, sales associates and stock associates working in California from December 29, 2011 through the present, in Los Angeles County Superior Court. Plaintiff alleges on behalf of the class that   ANN   did not properly provide overtime pay, minimum wage pay, meal and rest breaks, and waiting time pay, among other claims under the California Business and Professions Code and California Labor Code.  
    
  At mediation, the parties agreed to settle all claims in the suit for a total of   $3.5 million   to settle both the pending claims and other wage-and-hour claims that could have been brought as part of the lawsuit (including claims for penalties under the Private Attorneys  General Act).  The Company believes that such amount reflects a liability that is both probable and reasonably estimable, thus a  
  
   17 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

reserve for approximately   $3.5 million   was established in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.  The parties are currently preparing the Joint Stipulation for Class Action Settlement and Release.  No date has been set for the Preliminary Approval Hearing. 
    
  Other litigation 
    
  The Company is involved in routine litigation arising in the normal course of business.  In the opinion of management, such litigation is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

14. Segment Information 
    
  Historically, the Company organized its businesses into six reportable segments following a brand-focused approach:   ANN  ,   Justice  ,   Lane Bryant  ,   maurices  ,   dressbarn   and   Catherines  . In connection with the Change for Growth program, the Company shifted from a brand-based focus to a customer-based focus in order to reduce organizational overlap and maximize operational efficiencies. In connection therewith, effective with the beginning of Fiscal 2017, the Company reorganized its businesses into four operating segments:   Premium Fashion  ,   Value Fashion  ,   Plus Fashion   and   Kids Fashion  . Each segment is led by a segment manager who is directly accountable for that segment's financial performance and maintains regular contact with the Company's chief operating decision maker (the "CODM") to review the operating activities, financial results, forecasts and business plans of the segment. Accordingly, the Company's CODM evaluates performance and allocates resources at the segment level. The   four   operating segments are as follows: 
             
    Premium Fashion   segment   consists primarily of the specialty retail, outlet and ecommerce operations of the   Ann Taylor   and   LOFT   brands. 
                
    Value Fashion   segment   consists of the specialty retail, outlet and ecommerce operations of the   maurices   and   dressbarn   brands. 
                
    Plus Fashion   segment   consists of the specialty retail, outlet and ecommerce operations of the   Lane Bryant   and   Catherines   brands. 
                
    Kids Fashion   segment   consists of the specialty retail, outlet, ecommerce and licensing operations of the   Justice   brand. 
     The accounting policies of the Company s operating segments are consistent with those described in the Fiscal 2016 10-K. All intercompany revenues are eliminated in consolidation. Corporate overhead expenses are allocated to the segments based upon specific usage or other reasonable allocation methods. 
    
  Due to changes in the Company's operating segments discussed above, segment information for the three-month period ended   October 24, 2015   has been recast to conform to the current period's presentation. These changes related entirely to combining the previously reported brand-based segment information into the new customer-based operating model and had no impact on total net sales, total operating income or total depreciation and amortization expense. 

18 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Net sales, operating income and depreciation and amortization expense for each operating segment are as follows: 

_______ 
            (a)   
    The results of the   Premium     Fashion   segment for the post-acquisition period from August 22, 2015 to October 31, 2015 are included within the Company's condensed consolidated results of operations for the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015  . 
               (b)   
    The results of the   Premium Fashion   segment     for the   three   months ended     October 24, 2015   include an approximately   $104 million   non-cash purchase accounting expense related to the amortization of the write-up of inventory to fair market value. 
      (c)    Restructuring and other related charges are as follows: 

(i)      During the first quarter of Fiscal 2017, the Company recorded severance-related charges from the elimination of a number of executive positions under the Company's Change for Growth program, as more fully described in Note 7.  
   (ii)      Other related charges consist of professional fees incurred in connection with the Change for Growth program. 

19 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

15. Additional Financial Information 

Non-cash Transactions 
     
  In connection with the   ANN   Acquisition during the first quarter of Fiscal 2016, as more fully described in Note 4, the Company issued   31.2 million   shares of common stock valued at approximately   $345 million  , based on the Company's stock price on the date of the acquisition. Non-cash investing activities include accrued purchases of fixed assets in the amount of   $32.1 million   as of   October 29, 2016   and   $37.5 million   as of   October 24, 2015  .  
  
   20 

Item 2   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  Various statements in this Form 10-Q, in future filings by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), in our press releases and in oral statements made from time to time by us or on our behalf constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are indicated by words or phrases such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "we believe," "is or remains optimistic," "currently envisions" and similar words or phrases and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
    
  These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and judgments and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are unforeseeable and beyond our control. A detailed discussion of risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2016 (the "Fiscal 2016 10-K"). There are no material changes to such risk factors, nor are there any identifiable previously undisclosed risks as set forth in Part II, Item 1A   "Risk Factors" of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

OVERVIEW 
    
  Our Business  
    
  ascena retail group, inc., a Delaware corporation ( ascena  or the  Company ), is a leading national specialty retailer of apparel for women and tween girls.  On August 21, 2015, the Company acquired ANN INC. ("  ANN  "), a retailer of women s apparel, shoes and accessories sold primarily under the   Ann Taylor   and   LOFT   brands (the "  ANN   Acquisition"). The Company had annual revenue for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2016 of approximately   $7.0 billion  . The Company and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as the  Company,   ascena,   we,   us,   our  and  ourselves,  unless the context indicates otherwise. 
    
  Objectives and Initiatives 
    
  Integration of ANN 
  During the first quarter of Fiscal 2017, the Company (i) completed the integration of our   Premium Fashion   segment s ecommerce fulfillment into our Greencastle facility, (ii) negotiated favorable shipping contracts with carriers and (iii) realized cost reductions from sourcing our merchandise through third-party buying agents. As a result of these initiatives we have realized cost savings of approximately $27 million during the first quarter of Fiscal 2017, with approximately $12 million in Cost of goods sold synergies related to the Company's ongoing supply chain integration and cost of goods sold initiative at the   Premium Fashion   segment, approximately $3 million in Buying, distribution and occupancy synergies related to the consolidation of the   Premium Fashion   segment brands into the Company's ecommerce fulfillment center and approximately $12 million in Selling, general and administrative synergies primarily related to the elimination of overlapping leadership and non-merchandise procurement savings. We expect to realize approximately $60 million of additional synergies during the remainder of Fiscal 2017. 
    
  Change for Growth Program 
  As more fully described in Notes 7 and 14 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, in October 2016, the Company's management approved a restructuring plan with the objective of delivering sustainable long-term growth and shareholder value (the "Change for Growth" program). The new operating model shifted from a brand-based focus to a customer-based focus in order to reduce organizational overlap and maximize operational efficiencies. As part of refining the operating model, the Company made organizational changes resulting in the creation of the   Premium Fashion  ,   Value Fashion  ,   Plus Fashion   and   Kids Fashion   operating segments.  
    
  As a result of the Change for Growth program, the Company eliminated a number of executive positions, which resulted in an   $11.9 million   charge during the first quarter of Fiscal 2017, including   $8.1 million   of severance and other related expenses and   $3.8 million   of professional fees. This charge is recorded within Restructuring and other related charges in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations. The Company is still evaluating various potential opportunities and additional charges may be required in future periods as these plans are identified and executed. 

21 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

Seasonality of Business 
    
  Our individual segments are typically affected by seasonal sales trends primarily resulting from the timing of holiday and back-to-school shopping periods. In particular, sales at our   Kids Fashion   segment tend to be significantly higher during the fall season, which occurs during the first and second quarters of our fiscal year, as this includes the back-to-school period and the December holiday season. Our   Plus     Fashion   segment tends to experience higher sales during the spring season, which include the Easter and Mother's Day holidays. Our   Premium Fashion   and   Value Fashion   segments have relatively balanced sales across the Fall and Spring seasons. As a result, our operational results and cash flows may fluctuate materially in any quarterly period depending on, among other things, increases or decreases in comparable store sales, adverse weather conditions, shifts in the timing of certain holidays and changes in merchandise mix.  
    
  Summary of Financial Performance 
    
  General Economic Conditions 
    
  Our performance is subject to macroeconomic conditions and their impact on levels and patterns of consumer spending. Some of the factors that could negatively impact discretionary consumer spending include general economic conditions, high unemployment, lower wage levels, reductions in net worth, higher energy and other prices, increasing interest rates and low consumer confidence. These factors above could have a negative effect on our operations, which in turn could have a material effect on our business, operational results, financial condition and cash flows.  
    
  The U.S. economy continues to show mixed signs of recovery. Within the retail sector, consumer sentiment in certain industries such as automotive and home improvements was generally positive, while the apparel industry appeared to be more challenging and inconsistent from month-to-month and company-to-company. Uncertainty around the U.S. Presidential election, the mixed economic environment and increased customer price sensitivity caused inconsistent sales trends to continue through the first quarter of Fiscal 2017. As we move into the second quarter and the upcoming holiday shopping period, our brands will continue to monitor the respective spending patterns of their consumers and adjust their operating strategies as necessary to mitigate these challenges and maximize operating performance.  
    
  First Quarter Summary and Key Developments 
    
  Operating highlights for the quarter are as follows:  
             
    Comparable sales decreased by   5%  . Comparable sales were down at all four segments in the   first   quarter of Fiscal 2017, primarily due to declines in store traffic; 
                
    Gross margin rate increased by   640   basis points to   60.4%   from   54.0%  , primarily due to an approximately $104 million non-cash purchase accounting expense related to the amortization of the write-up of inventory to fair market value in the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 in our   Premium Fashion   segment; 
                
    Operating income was   $51.2 million   for the   first   quarter of Fiscal 2017, compared to an operating loss of   $12.0 million   for the   first   quarter of Fiscal 2016 mainly as the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 included the purchase accounting expense of approximately $104 million related to inventory discussed above, which was offset in part by the comparable sales declines; and 
      Liquidity highlights are as follows: 

22 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

Transactions Affecting Comparability of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
    
  The comparability of the Company's operational results for the periods presented herein has been affected by certain transactions. A summary of the effect of these items on pretax income for each applicable period presented is noted below: 
                               
    Three Months Ended 
        
    October 29,  2016 
      
    October 24,  2015 
        
    (millions) 
      Acquisition and integration expenses    (a)  
    $ 
    (12.0 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (42.5 
    ) 
      Restructuring and other charges    (b)  
    (11.9 
    ) 

Purchase accounting adjustments related to the   ANN   Acquisition: 

Non-cash inventory expense associated with the purchase accounting write-up of   ANN  's inventory to fair market value  

(104.2 
    ) 
          Impact of   ANN   purchase accounting adjustments for leases    (c)  
    (2.6 
    ) 

(a)     Fiscal 2017 included $3.9 million of settlement charges and professional fees related to a pension plan acquired in the   ANN   Acquisition, $2.3 million of severance and retention costs and $5.8 million of other costs associated with the post-acquisition integration of   ANN  's operations. Fiscal 2016 primarily represented costs related to the   ANN   Acquisition consisting of $20.5 million of legal, consulting and investment-banking related transaction costs, $19.8 million of severance and retention-related expenses and $1.3 million of integration costs to combine the operations and infrastructure of the   ANN   business into the Company's. 
   (b)    Fiscal 2017 represented $8.1 million of severance and other related expenses and $3.8 million of professional fees related to the Change for Growth program. 
   (c)    Reflects the impact of purchase accounting adjustments on   ANN  's lease related assets and liabilities. Approximately $7 million of purchase accounting adjustments for leases is expected to be recognized for the remainder of Fiscal 2017. 

The preceding discussion highlights, as necessary, the significant changes in operating results arising from these items and transactions. However, unusual items or transactions may occur in any period. Accordingly, investors and other financial statement users should individually consider the types of events and transactions that have affected operating trends.  

23 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Three Months Ended   October 29, 2016   compared to Three Months Ended   October 24, 2015    
    
  The following table summarizes our results of operations and expresses the percentage relationship to net sales of certain financial statement captions: 

_______ 
   (a)          For our   Premium Fashion   segment, the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 reflected a 13-week period and the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 reflected the 10-week post-acquisition period. 
   (b)         Effective tax rate is calculated by dividing the (provision) benefit for income taxes by income (loss) before (provision) benefit for income taxes. 
   (NM)    Not meaningful. 
    
  Net Sales.   Net sales increased by   $6.4 million  , or   0.4%  , to   $1.678 billion   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from   $1.672 billion   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  . Net sales for the   Premium Fashion   segment increased by $78.0 million primarily as the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 reflected a 13-week period and the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 reflected the 10-week post-acquisition period, which was offset in part by a comparable sales decrease of 6%. For our other segments, for the three months ended   October 29, 2016  , comparable sales decreased by   $48.9 million  , or   5%  , to   $1.026 billion   from   $1.075 billion   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015   primarily due to declines in store traffic; non-comparable sales decreased by   $18.0 million  , or   36%  , to   $32.6 million   from   $50.6 million   as discussed on a segment basis below; and wholesale, licensing and other revenues decreased by   $4.7 million  , or   10%  , to   $40.7 million   from   $45.4 million  . 

24 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

Net sales data for our four operating segments is presented below. 

_______ 
   (a)    Comparable sales represent combined store comparable sales and ecommerce sales. Store comparable sales generally refers to the growth of sales in only stores open in the current period and comparative calendar period in the prior year (including stores relocated within the same shopping center and stores with minor square footage additions). Stores that close during the fiscal year are excluded from store comparable sales beginning with the fiscal month the store actually closes. Ecommerce sales refer to growth of sales from the Company's ecommerce channel in the current period and comparative calendar period in the prior year. Considering the cross channel behavior of our customers, the Company believes our ecommerce operations are interdependent with our brick-and-mortar store sales and thus we report one combined comparable sales metric.  
    
  Premium Fashion     net sales   performance primarily reflected: 

a decrease of     11%   in comparable sales at   Ann Taylor   and a decrease of   3%   in comparable sales at   LOFT  ; and 
                
    22   net store closures at   Ann Taylor   and   4   net store closures at   LOFT   in the last twelve months.  
       
  Value Fashion   net sales   performance primarily reflected: 

a decrease of   $17.1 million  , or   6%  , in comparable sales at   maurices   and a decrease of   $12.0 million  , or   5%  , in comparable sales at   dressbarn   during the three months ended   October 29, 2016  ; 
                
    an   $8.6 million   increase in non-comparable sales caused by   42   net store openings at   maurices   in the last twelve months, offset in part by a   $3.7 million   decrease due to the   19   net store closures at   dressbarn   in the last twelve months; and 
                
    a   $1.8 million   decrease in other revenues.  
       
  Plus Fashion     net sales   performance primarily reflected: 

a decrease of   $9.6 million  , or   4%  , in comparable sales at   Lane Bryant   and a decrease of   $7.2 million  , or   10%  , in comparable sales at   Catherines   during the three months ended   October 29, 2016  ;  
                
    a $0.2 million net increase in non-comparable sales, which reflected   4   net store openings at   Lane Bryant   and   7   net store closures at   Catherines   in the last twelve months; and 
                
    a   $1.0 million   decrease in other revenues. 
       
  Kids Fashion     net sales   performance primarily reflected: 

a   $23.1 million   decrease in non-comparable sales caused by   42   net store closures in the last twelve months as well as Fiscal 2017 including one less week of peak sales during the back-to-school shopping period compared to Fiscal 2016; and 
                
    a   $1.9 million   decrease in wholesale, licensing operations and other revenues. 

25 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

Gross Margin.   Gross margin, which represents the difference between net sales and cost of goods sold, expressed as a percentage of net sales, increased by   640   basis points to   60.4%   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from   54.0%   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  . The increase was mainly due to approximately $104 million non-cash purchase accounting expense related to the amortization of the write-up of inventory to fair market value recorded during the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 in our   Premium Fashion   segment. Excluding the impact of the inventory amortization, gross margin rate increased by 20 basis points to 60.4% from 60.2% primarily due to higher gross margin rates at our   Premium Fashion   and   Plus Fashion  , offset in part by lower gross margin rates at our   Value Fashion   and   Kids Fashion   segments. On a consolidated basis, gross margin benefited from the realization of synergies of approximately $12 million related to the Company's ongoing supply chain integration and cost of goods sold initiative at the   Premium Fashion   segment. 
    
  Gross margin highlights on a segment basis are as follows: 

Premium Fashion     gross margin   performance reflected significant gross margin rate improvement at both   Ann Taylor  , which was mainly due to tighter inventory control in the current period, and   LOFT  , which was mainly due to tighter inventory control and savings related to the segment's cost of goods sold initiative. Both brands benefited from the realization of synergies related to the Company's ongoing supply chain integration.  
                
    Value Fashion   gross margin   performance primarily reflected a decline in gross profit margin rate at   maurices  ,     which was mainly due to increased promotional selling to offset softer-than-expected customer demand and maintain appropriate inventory levels, offset in part by a slight rate improvement at   dressbarn  , which was mainly due to increased penetration of internally sourced product. 
                
    Plus Fashion     gross margin   performance reflected gross margin rate improvement at both   Lane Bryant   and   Catherines  , caused mainly by tighter inventory control and more targeted promotional strategies. 
                
    Kids Fashion     gross margin   performance declined from a record level in the year-ago period, reflecting increased promotional selling to offset softer-than-expected customer demand and maintain appropriate inventory levels.  
       
  Gross margin as a percentage of net sales is dependent upon a variety of factors, including changes in the relative sales mix among brands, changes in the mix of products sold, the timing and level of promotional activities and fluctuations in material costs. These factors, among others, may cause cost of goods sold as a percentage of net revenues to fluctuate from period to period. 
    
  Buying, Distribution and Occupancy ("BD O") Expenses   consist of store occupancy and utility costs (excluding depreciation) and all costs associated with the buying and distribution functions. 
    
  BD O expenses increased by   $17.6 million  , or   5.8%  , to   $320.6 million   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from   $303.0 million   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  . BD O expenses for the   Premium Fashion   segment increased by $21.8 million primarily as the results reflected a 13-week period in the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 compared to the 10-week post-acquisition period in the first quarter of Fiscal 2016. For our other segments, BD O expenses decreased by $4.2 million primarily due to lower occupancy-related costs related to store closures and ongoing store fleet optimization. On a consolidated basis, BD O expenses also included approximately $3 million in synergies related to the   ANN   Acquisition, due to consolidation of the   Premium Fashion   segment brands into the Company's ecommerce fulfillment center. BD O expenses as a percentage of net sales increased by   100   basis points to   19.1%   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from   18.1%   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015   primarily due to de-leveraging of expenses over lower sales. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative ("SG A") Expenses   consist of compensation and benefit-related costs for sales and store operations personnel, administrative personnel and other employees not associated with the functions described above under BD O expenses. SG A expenses also include advertising and marketing costs, information technology and communication costs, supplies for our stores and administrative facilities, insurance costs, legal costs and costs related to other administrative services. 
    
  SG A expenses increased by   $37.7 million  , or   7.7%  , to   $524.4 million   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from   $486.7 million   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  . SG A expenses for the   Premium Fashion   segment increased by $44.3 million primarily as the results reflected a 13-week period in the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 compared to the 10-week post-acquisition period in the first quarter of Fiscal 2016. For our other segments, SG A expenses decreased by $6.6 million primarily due to a decrease in administrative payroll costs. On a consolidated basis, SG A expenses also included approximately $12 million in synergies related to the   ANN   Acquisition, primarily due to the elimination of overlapping leadership and non-merchandise procurement savings, which were offset in part by inflationary increases. SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased  
  
   26 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

by   210   basis points to   31.2%   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from   29.1%   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015   primarily due to de-leveraging of expenses over lower sales. 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense   increased by   $11.4 million  , or   13.8%  , to   $93.9 million   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from   $82.5 million   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  . Depreciation and amortization expenses for the   Premium Fashion   segment increased by   $6.5 million   primarily as the results reflected a 13-week period in the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 compared to the 10-week post-acquisition period in the first quarter of Fiscal 2016. For our other segments, depreciation and amortization expenses increased by   $4.9 million   primarily due to the Company's ongoing investments in ecommerce platforms to support our omni-channel strategy. 
    
  Operating Income (loss).   Operating results increased by   $63.2 million   to operating income of   $51.2 million   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from an operating loss of   $12.0 million   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  . The increase was mainly due to non-cash purchase accounting expense of approximately $104 million related to our   Premium Fashion   segment as discussed above. For our other segments, operating income decreased by   $47.1 million  , as discussed on a segment basis below. In addition, Acquisition and integration expenses decreased by   $30.5 million   and Restructuring and other related charges from our Change for Growth Program increased by   $11.9 million  . 
    
  Operating results for our four operating segments are presented below. 

_______ 
   (NM)    Not meaningful.  
    
  Premium Fashion   operating results improved by   $91.7 million  . The operating results for the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 reflected a 13-week period and the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 reflected the 10-week post-acquisition period. In addition, the operating results in both periods were impacted by non-cash purchase accounting expenses. The first quarter of Fiscal 2017 reflected approximately $11 million of such expenses, primarily including $8 million of depreciation and amortization expense. The first quarter of Fiscal 2016 reflected approximately $111 million of such expense, primarily including $104 million associated with the write-up of     inventory to fair market value. In addition to the impact of purchase accounting, the operating results for the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 reflected the decrease in comparable sales, partially offset by a significant improvement in gross margin rate, both discussed above. BD O expenses for the first quarter of Fiscal 2107 reflected savings associated with the transition from third party to in-house ecommerce fulfillment. SG A expenses for the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 reflected savings from integration related headcount reductions, which were essentially offset by inflationary increases and the $3.5 million proposed legal settlement discussed in Note 13 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  Value Fashion   operating income decreased by   $22.9 million   primarily as a result of the decrease in comparable sales and lower gross margin rates, both discussed above, as well as higher SG A expenses. The increase in SG A expenses resulted primarily from incremental marketing investments, partially offset by a decrease in administrative payroll costs.   
  Plus Fashion   operating income increased by   $2.8 million  , with an increase in gross margin rate, discussed above, and decreases in BD O and SG A expenses, partially offset by the impact of negative comparable sales. The decrease in BD O expenses was mainly due to lower occupancy-related costs associated with ongoing store fleet optimization. The decrease in SG A expenses was primarily due to reduced marketing expenses and a decrease in administrative payroll costs. 

27 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

Kids Fashion   operating income decreased by   $27.0 million   primarily due to the decrease in comparable sales declines as well as lower gross margin rates, both discussed above. The results for the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 were negatively impacted by approximately $10 million due to Fiscal 2017 including one less week of peak sales during the back-to-school shopping period compared to Fiscal 2016. Partially offsetting the gross margin decline was a decrease in BD O expenses mainly as a result of lower occupancy-related costs due to store closures. 
    
  Unallocated Acquisition and Integration Expenses   of   $12.0 million   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   included $3.9 million of settlement charges and professional fees related to a pension plan acquired in the   ANN   Acquisition, $2.3 million of severance and retention costs and $5.8 million of other costs associated with the post-acquisition integration of   ANN  's operations. The   $42.5 million   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015   primarily represents costs related to the   ANN   Acquisition consisting of $20.5 million of legal, consulting and investment-banking related transaction costs, $19.8 million of severance and retention-related expenses and $1.3 million of integration costs to combine the operations and infrastructure of the   ANN   business into the Company's. 
    
  Unallocated Restructuring and Other Related Charges   of   $11.9 million   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   represented severance and other related expenses of   $8.1 million   and   $3.8 million   for professional fees related to the Change for Growth program. 
    
  Interest Expense   increased by   $4.8 million  , or   23.4%  , to   $25.3 million   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from $  20.5 million   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  . The increase was mainly the result of an additional three weeks of interest expense on the term loan in the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 due to the timing of the   ANN   Acquisition, offset in part by the impact of the $100 million in repayments.  
    
  (Provision) Benefit for Income Taxes   represents federal, foreign, state and local income taxes. Income taxes increased by   $25.2 million  , to a provision of   $11.4 million   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from a benefit of   $13.8 million   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015   as the Company had a pre-tax loss in the Fiscal 2016 period. The effective tax rate was   44.2%   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   and the effective tax rate was   43.3%   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  . The effective tax rates were higher than the statutory tax rate primarily due to the effect of state and local taxes. 
    
  Net Income (Loss)   increased by   $32.5 million   to net income of   $14.4 million   for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from a net loss of   $18.1 million   for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  . The increase was primarily due to the higher operating income discussed above.  
    
  Net Income (Loss) per Diluted Common Share   increased by   $0.17   to net income of   $0.07   per share for the three months ended   October 29, 2016   from a net loss of   $0.10   per share for the three months ended   October 24, 2015  , primarily as a result of the increase in net income, as previously discussed. 

28 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  The table below summarizes our cash flows and is presented as follows: 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities  .   Net cash provided by operations was   $56.0 million   for the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016  , compared to net cash used in operations of   $46.4 million   for the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015  . Cash provided by operations was higher during Fiscal 2017 as non-recurring payments during the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015   reflecting an approximately $44 million payment made to a former   Justice   executive and the payment of approximately $70 million of employee-related obligations assumed in the   ANN   Acquisition as well as favorable timing of working capital payments in the current period were partially offset by lower net income before non-cash expenses such as depreciation and amortization expense and the amortization of the acquisition-related inventory write-up.  
    
  Net cash used in investing activities  .   Net cash used in investing activities for the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016   was   $106.6 million  , consisting of capital expenditures. Net cash used in investing activities for the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015   was   $1.575 billion  , consisting primarily of   $1.495 billion   of cash paid in the   ANN   Acquisition and   $93.0 million   of capital expenditures, offset in part by   $12.7 million   of proceeds from the sale of investments. 
    
  Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities  .   Net cash used in financing activities was   $50.5 million   for the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016  , consisting primarily of   $100.0 million   of principal repayments of our term loan debt, offset in part by net borrowings of debt under our amended revolving credit agreement of   $49.4 million  . Net cash provided by financing activities for the   three   months ended   October 24, 2015   was   $1.704 billion  , consisting primarily of $1.8 billion of borrowing under our term loan and   $8.4 million   of proceeds relating to our stock-based compensation plans, offset in part by net repayments of debt under our amended revolving credit agreement of   $28.5 million   and   $41.4 million   of payments made for deferred financing costs related to the borrowing arrangements entered into during that quarter. 
    
  Capital Spending 
    
  Capital expenditures during the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016   were   $106.6 million  , which included both routine spending in connection with ongoing expansion of our retail store network, construction and renovation of our existing portfolio of retail stores as well as spending for non-routine capital investments such as our omni-channel initiative, fit-out of our Riverside, California distribution center and integration activity related to the   ANN   Acquisition. For a detailed discussion of our significant non-routine capital investments, see Part II, Item 7 as specified in the   Capital Spending   section of the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of the Fiscal 2016 10-K.  
    
  The Company continually assesses its capital forecast and priority of projects.  As a result of continued headwinds with store traffic, the Company is now anticipating fewer new store openings during Fiscal 2017, and expects full year capital spending for Fiscal 2017 will be in the range of $235 million to $260 million. Our capital requirements are expected to be funded primarily with available cash and cash equivalents, operating cash flows and, to the extent necessary, borrowings under the Company s Amended Revolving Credit Agreement which is discussed below.  

29 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

Liquidity 
    
  Our primary sources of liquidity are the cash flow generated from our operations, remaining availability under our Amended Revolving Credit Agreement (as defined below) after taking into account outstanding borrowings, letters of credit and the collateral limitation and available cash and cash equivalents. These sources of liquidity are used to fund our ongoing cash requirements, including working capital requirements, retail store expansion, construction and renovation of stores, any future dividend requirements, investment in technological and supply chain infrastructure, acquisitions, debt servicing requirements, stock repurchases, contingent liabilities (including uncertain tax positions) and other corporate activities. Management believes that our existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to support our operating needs, capital requirements and any debt service requirements for the foreseeable future. 
    
  As of   October 29, 2016  , the Company has Cash and cash equivalents of   $270.7 million  .  Approximately $207 million, or 77%, of our available cash and cash equivalents was held overseas by our foreign subsidiaries. As such, for the Company to have access to those cash and cash equivalents in the U.S, we would incur a current U.S. tax liability of between 15% and 20% of any such cash repatriated. A U.S. tax liability has been previously provided for in the provision for income taxes for the portion that is not permanently reinvested and is currently classified within deferred income taxes on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. We continue to assess options for use of our overseas cash and cash equivalents. 
    
  As of   October 29, 2016  , after taking into account the   $49.4 million   of revolving debt outstanding and the   $27.6 million   in outstanding letters of credit, the Company had   $523.0 million   of availability under the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement. 
    
  Debt  
    
  For a detailed description of the terms and restrictions under the amended revolving credit agreement ("Amended Revolving Credit Agreement") and the $1.8 billion seven-year term loan (the "Term Loan"), see Note 8 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
    
  Amended Revolving Credit Agreement 
    
  We believe that our Amended Revolving Credit Agreement is adequately diversified with no undue concentrations in any one financial institution. Upon the closing of the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement, there were seven financial institutions participating in the Amended Revolving Credit Facility, with no one participant maintaining a maximum commitment percentage in excess of 25%. Management has no reason at this time to believe that the participating institutions will be unable to fulfill their obligations to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement in the event of our election to draw funds in the foreseeable future. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants contained in the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement as of   October 29, 2016  . The Company believes the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement will provide sufficient liquidity to continue to support the Company s operating needs and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. 
    
  Term Loan 
    
  In August 2016, the Company repaid $100 million and in October 2016, subsequent to the end of the first quarter, the Company repaid an additional $22.5 million. These payments were applied to future quarterly scheduled payments such that the Company is not required to make its next quarterly payment until May 2018. We may from time to time seek to repay or purchase our outstanding debt through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise depending on prevailing market conditions and our liquidity requirements, subject to any restrictions under our debt arrangements, among other factors.  
    
  The Company expects to incur cash interest expense of approximately $63 million on the Term Loan during the remainder of Fiscal 2017 based on the outstanding balance and interest rates in effect as of   October 29, 2016  , after consideration of the $22.5 million repayment in October 2016. Such interest and principal payments are expected to be funded with our cash flows from operations. 

30 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

Common Stock Repurchase Program  
    
  There were no purchases of common stock by the Company during the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016   under its repurchase program. For a complete description of the Company's 2016 Stock Repurchase Program see Note 10 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  We may from time to time continue to repurchase additional shares depending on prevailing market conditions and our liquidity requirements, subject to any restrictions under our debt agreements, among other factors. 
    
  Contractual and Other Obligations 
    
  Firm Commitments 
    
  The following table summarizes certain of the Company's aggregate contractual obligations as of   October 29, 2016   and the estimated timing and effect that such obligations are expected to have on the Company's liquidity and cash flows in future periods. The Company expects to fund the firm commitments with operating cash flow generated in the normal course of business and, if necessary, availability under its Amended Revolving Credit Agreement. 

The following is a description of the Company's material, firmly committed contractual obligations as of   October 29, 2016  : 

Long-term debt   represents scheduled payments of outstanding borrowings under our borrowing agreements as of   October 29, 2016  . The table above takes into account the $100 million repayment in August 2016 but does not reflect the $22.5 million repayment made subsequent to the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2017. These payments were applied against the future quarterly scheduled payments such that the Company is not required to make its next quarterly payment until May 2018. 

Interest payments on long-term debt   represent interest payments related to our borrowing agreements. Interest payments on our Amended Revolving Credit Agreement, if any, were calculated based on the outstanding balance and the interest rates in effect as of   October 29, 2016  , as if the borrowings remain outstanding until mandatory repayment is required at expiration in August 2020. Interest payments on our Term Loan were calculated based on the interest rates in effect as of   October 29, 2016   and the estimated outstanding balance, giving effect to the contractual payments in future periods. In addition, such amounts do not reflect the principal repayment of $22.5 million discussed above. 
          
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  There have been no material changes during the period covered by this report to the off-balance sheet arrangements specified in the contractual and other obligations section of  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in the Fiscal 2016 10-K. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Notes 3 and 4 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Fiscal 2016 10-K. For a detailed discussion of the Company's critical accounting policies, see the  Critical Accounting Policies  section of  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in the  
  
   31 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   (Continued) 

Fiscal 2016 10-K. There have been no material changes to the Company s critical accounting policies since July 30, 2016. Below is an update regarding the Company s goodwill and intangible assets.   
  The impairment assessment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets is performed at the level of each brand, which constitutes an individual reporting unit. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2016, the Company performed its annual impairment assessment (the "Fiscal 2016 Valuation"). As disclosed in our Fiscal 2016 10-K the Company had goodwill of $1,279.3 million, of which $733.9 million related to   ANN  , $169.4 million related to   Justice  , $126.0 million related to   Lane Bryant  , $200.7 million related to   maurices   and $49.3 million related to   Catherines  . While the results of that assessment indicated the fair values of   Justice  ,   maurices   and   Catherines   all significantly exceeded their respective book values, the fair value of the Company's   ANN   and   Lane Bryant   reporting units exceeded their book value by less than 20% and are discussed in more detail below. 
  In the Fiscal 2016 Valuation, the fair value of   ANN   exceeded its book value by 12% and the fair value of   Lane Bryant   exceeded its book value by 16%. For the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016  , both   ANN   and   Lane Bryant   have performed in line with the cash flow projections supporting the Fiscal 2016 Valuation as the shortfall in operating cash flows was offset by a decrease in capital expenditures.  
  Several factors could impact the reporting units' ability to achieve the future cash flows contemplated in the Fiscal 2016 Valuation including, but not limited to: (i) achieving comparable sales assumptions, including those for the upcoming holiday sales period, (ii) initiatives aimed at reducing operating costs, (iii) successful implementation of the reporting unit's marketing and merchandising strategies and (iv) optimization of store fleet productivity. Given the relatively small excess of fair value over carrying value as of the Fiscal 2016 Valuation, if the profitability trends, or market multiples, decline from those that were expected in the Fiscal 2016 Valuation, it is possible that we may be required to perform an interim step two analysis, which may result in an impairment of the reporting unit's goodwill in future periods to the extent the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, and note that such charges may be material. 

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PROUNCEMENTS 
    
  See Note 3 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of certain recently issued or proposed accounting standards which may impact our financial statements in future periods.   

Item 3 - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  For a discussion of our exposure to, and management of our market risks, see Part II, Item 7 as specified in the   Market Risk Management   section of  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of the Fiscal 2015 10-K. 

Item 4 - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
    
  The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level as of   October 29, 2016  . There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   October 29, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

32 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  See Note 13 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of the Company's legal proceedings.   

Item 1A   Risk Factors 
    
  There are many risks and uncertainties that can affect our future business, financial performance or share price. In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should review and consider the information regarding certain factors which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results set forth under Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  in our Fiscal 2016 10-K. There have been no material changes during the quarter ended   October 29, 2016   to the Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of the Fiscal 2016 10-K. 

Item 2  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
  The following table provides information about the Company s repurchases of common stock during the fiscal quarter ended   October 29, 2016  . 

________ 
   (a)       In December 2015, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a   $200 million   share repurchase program (the  2016 Stock Repurchase Program ). Under the 2016 Stock Repurchase Program, purchases of shares of common stock may be made at the Company s discretion from time to time, subject to overall business and market conditions. Currently, share repurchases in excess of   $100 million   are subject to certain restrictions under the terms of the Company's borrowing agreements, as more fully described in Note 8 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Purchases will be made at prevailing market prices, through open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions and will be subject to applicable SEC rules. 

33 

Item 6 - EXHIBITS  
                   Exhibit 
      
    Description 

10.1 
      
    First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 31, 2016, among the Company, the other Loan Parties, the Lenders party, the Issuing Banks party and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender, filed herewith. 

31.1 
      
    Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
      
    Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1* 
      
    Certification of David Jaffe pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2* 
      
    Certification of Robb Giammatteo pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

* This certification accompanies each report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    
    Pursuant to Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 

34 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 

Date: December 1, 2016 
    BY: /s/ David Jaffe 
        
    David Jaffe 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 1, 2016 
    BY: /s/ Robb Giammatteo 
        
    Robb Giammatteo 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

35 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 asna10q-q1fy17xexx101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
  EXECUTION VERSION 

FIRST AMENDMENT dated as of October 31, 2016 (this    Amendment   ), to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of January 3, 2011, as amended and restated by the Second Restatement Agreement dated as of June 14, 2012, and by the Third Restatement Agreement dated as of March 13, 2013, and as further amended and restated as of August 21, 2015, pursuant to the Fourth Restatement Agreement dated as of July 24, 2015 (the    Credit Agreement   ), among ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), the other LOAN PARTIES party hereto, the LENDERS party hereto, the ISSUING BANKS party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender.   
  The Borrowers (such term and each other capitalized term used herein having the meaning provided in Section 1.01 of this Agreement), the other Loan Parties, certain of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to the Credit Agreement and certain related Loan Documents, providing for Revolving Commitments in favor of the Borrowers in an aggregate principal amount of $600,000,000.   
  The Borrowers, the other Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement as provided herein. 
  NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
  SECTION 1.01.        Defined Terms  .  Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
  SECTION 1.02.        Amendment of Credit Agreement  . The Credit Agreement is amended, effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date, as set forth below in this Section: 
  (a)        The following definitions are inserted into Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement in their appropriate alphabetical positions: 
     Bail-In Action    means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of such EEA Financial Institution. 
     Bail-In Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for  

2 

such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
     EEA Financial Institution    means (a) any financial institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
     EEA Member Country    means any member state of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
     EEA Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
     Eligible Pledged Cash    means, on any date of determination, the aggregate amount of cash as of such date (including cash represented by shares in any money market fund) that (a) is on deposit in the Eligible Pledged Cash Account and subject to a duly perfected first priority Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent and (b) does not constitute (i) cash pledged pursuant to Section 2.06(j) or (ii) Term Loan Priority Collateral (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement). 
     Eligible Pledged Cash Account    means (a) a special purpose Deposit Account established by the Company with the Administrative Agent or (b) shares representing immediately withdrawable cash in a money market fund managed by the Administrative Agent or one of its Affiliates, in either case subject to the Lien of the Restated Security Agreement and to a Deposit Account Control Agreement or other control agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, designated by the Company and the Administrative Agent as the  Eligible Pledged Cash Account , and withdrawals from which are subject to the provisions of Section 2.23. 
     EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
     Write-Down and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

3 

(b)        The first sentence of the definition of  Borrowing Base  in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended by relettering clause (c) thereof as clause (d) and by inserting, immediately before the word  minus  preceding such relettered clause (d), the following: 
   plus (c) the lesser of (i) 100% of Eligible Pledged Cash and (ii) $75,000,000, . 
  (c)        The portion of the third sentence of the definition of  Borrowing Base  in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement immediately preceding the proviso therein is amended to read as follows: 
   Subject to the immediately preceding sentence and the other provisions hereof (including Section 2.23) expressly providing for adjustment of, or  permitting the Administrative Agent to adjust, the Borrowing Base, the Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent on or most recently prior to such day pursuant to Section 4.02(a)(iii), 5.01(h) or 6.05(h) (or, prior to the first such delivery following the Fourth Restatement Effective Date, the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(ix));  
  (d)        The definition of  Gift Card Reserve  in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended to read as follows: 
     Gift Card Reserve    means, at any time, the sum of (a) a percentage determined from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion of the aggregate remaining amount at such time of outstanding gift certificates and gift cards sold by the Loan Parties entitling the holder thereof to use all or a portion of the certificate or gift card to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of Inventory and (b) a percentage determined from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion of the aggregate amount at such time of outstanding customer deposits and merchandise credits entitling the holder thereof to use all or a portion of such deposit or credit to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of Inventory.  
  (e)        Article II of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 2.23: 
  SECTION 2.23.      Eligible Pledged Cash Account  .  The Company may from time to time, on any Business Day, deposit or cause to be deposited cash in dollars into the Eligible Pledged Cash Account, and on the Business Day following the delivery by the Borrower Representative to the Administrative Agent of a notice setting forth the amount so deposited and certifying that the amount so deposited constitutes Eligible Pledged Cash, the Borrowing Base shall be adjusted to include the aggregate amount of Eligible Pledged Cash after giving effect to such deposit (subject to the limit in the definition of  Borrowing Base  on the amount of Eligible Pledged Cash includible therein). The Company may,  

4 

upon written notice to the Administrative Agent and subject to the provisions of the applicable Deposit Account Control Agreement or other control agreement, withdraw cash from the Eligible Pledged Cash Account if (a) no Default shall exist immediately prior to such withdrawal or would exist immediately after giving effect thereto and (b) no Dominion Period, and no conditions that will result in a Dominion Period solely by reason of the passage of time, shall be in effect immediately after giving effect to such withdrawal and to the adjustment of the Borrowing Base provided for in the next sentence (and upon each withdrawal of cash from the Eligible Pledged Cash Account, the Company shall be deemed to represent that the conditions set forth in the preceding clauses (a) and (b) are satisfied).  At the time of any withdrawal of cash from the Eligible Pledged Cash Account, the Borrowing Base shall be adjusted with immediate effect to include only the aggregate amount of Eligible Pledged Cash after giving effect to such withdrawal (subject to the limit in the definition of  Borrowing Base  on the amount of Eligible Pledged Cash includible therein).  At the time of any termination of the Deposit Account Control Agreement or other control agreement entered into in respect of the Eligible Pledged Cash Account, unless such agreement shall have been replaced by another effective Deposit Account Control Agreement or other control agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Borrowing Base shall be adjusted with immediate effect to exclude Eligible Pledged Cash.  Interest or profits, if any, on amounts deposited in the Eligible Pledged Cash Account shall accumulate in such account and constitute Eligible Pledged Cash. 
  (f)        Article IX of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 9.20: 
                SECTION 9.20.    Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any related agreement, arrangement or understanding among the parties hereto, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
  (a)        the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder that may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and  
  (b)        the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
  (i)        a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

5 

(ii)        a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document; or 
  (iii)        the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
  SECTION 1.03.        Representations and Warranties  .  The Loan Parties represent and warrant to each other party hereto that: 
  (i)        this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors  rights generally and to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law; 
  (ii)        the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (with references therein to the  Transactions  being deemed to include the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment) are, on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, true and correct (A) in the case of the representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, in all respects and (B) otherwise, in all material respects, except for any representation or warranty that, by its terms, speaks as of a prior date, which representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such prior date; and 
  (iii)        as of the First Amendment Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Agreement. 
  SECTION 1.04.        Effectiveness  .  (a) The amendments provided for herein shall become effective on the date (the    First Amendment Effective Date   ) on which the Administrative Agent shall have executed a counterpart of this Amendment and shall have received from the Company, each other Loan Party and Lenders constituting the Supermajority Lenders either (i) a counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of such party or (ii) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include a facsimile or other electronic transmission) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Amendment. 
  (b)        The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of the First Amendment Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding.   

6 

SECTION 1.05.        Expenses; Indemnity  .  The Company agrees, whether or not the First Amendment Effective Date shall occur, to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, and to indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, its Affiliates and each other Indemnitee, on the terms set forth in Section 9.03 of the Credit Agreement, which terms are incorporated by reference into this Amendment with the same effect as if set forth in full herein. 
  SECTION 1.06.        Reaffirmation  .  Each Loan Party hereby consents to this Amendment and hereby (a) reaffirms and confirms its guarantees, pledges, grants of security interests and other obligations, as applicable, under the Loan Guarantee and each Collateral Document to which it is party, (b) affirms and confirms its obligations to indemnify and other commitments and obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (c) agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, (i) the Loan Guarantee and each Collateral Document to which it is a party shall continue to be in full force and effect and (ii) all guarantees, pledges, grants and other obligations thereunder shall continue to be in full force and effect and shall accrue to the benefit of the Lender Parties.  Each Loan Party hereby confirms and agrees that obligations under the Credit Agreement constitute  Obligations  and  Secured Obligations  (or words of similar import) under and as used in the Loan Guarantee and each Collateral Document to which it is a party. 
  SECTION 1.07.        Effect of Amendment; No Novation  .  (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lender Parties under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof.  Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle any Loan Party to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances, except as expressly set forth herein.  
  (b)        On and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to  this Agreement ,  hereunder ,  hereof ,  herein , or words of like import, shall refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby and the term  Credit Agreement , as used in each Loan Document, shall mean the Credit Agreement as so amended.   
  (c)        This Amendment shall constitute a  Loan Document  for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
  SECTION 1.08.        Applicable Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial  .  THE PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 9.09 AND 9.10 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE INCORPORATED INTO THIS AMENDMENT   MUTATIS MUTANDIS   WITH THE SAME EFFECT AS IF SET FORTH IN FULL HEREIN. 

7 

SECTION 1.09.        Counterparts; Effectiveness  .  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute a single contract.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or other electronic imaging (such as a  pdf ) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.   
  SECTION 1.10.        Severability  .  Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
  SECTION 1.11.        Headings  .  Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 
        [Signature pages follow.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date set forth above. 
    
                   ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Name: 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Title: 
    Vice President 

THE DRESS BARN, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

TWEEN BRANDS, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

MAURICES INCORPORATED 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

ANN INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

CHARMING SHOPPES OF DELAWARE, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

CSI INDUSTRIES, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Name: 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Title: 
    Vice President 

CATHERINES, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Name: 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Title: 
    Vice President 

CATHERINES STORES CORPORATIONS 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Name: 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Title: 
    Vice President 

LANE BRYANT, INC 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

LANE BRYANT PURCHASING CORP. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Name: 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Title: 
    Vice President 

ANNTAYLOR RETAIL, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

ANNTAYLOR, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

ANNTAYLOR DISTRIBUTION SERVICES, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

ANNCO, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

ANN CARD SERVICES, INC. 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

ETNA RETAIL DC, LLC 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Name: 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Title: 
    Vice President 

ASCENA TRADE SERVICES, LLC 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

MAURICES PROCUREMENT, LLC 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Vice President 

CSPE, LLC 
      By: 
      
    Charming Shoppes of Delaware, Inc. 
      Its: 
    Sole Member of Manager 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

GC FULFILLMENT, LLC 
      By: 
      
    Ascena Retail Group, Inc. 
      Its: 
    Sole Member 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Name: 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Title: 
    Vice President 

DRESS BARN CREDIT MANAGEMENT, LLC 
      By: 
      
    Dress Barn, Inc. 
      Its: 
    Sole Member 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Gary Holland 
      Name: 
    Gary Holland 
      Title: 
    Assistant Secretary 

FOR EACH ENTITY LISTED ON SCHEDULE 1 HERETO 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Name: 
    Tom Calderwood 
      Title: 
    Authorized Officer in the capacities indicated on Schedule 1 hereto 

SCHEDULE 1 
  Tom Calderwood on behalf of each entity in the capacity shown: 
                 ENTITY 
    SIGNING CAPACITY 
      Chestnut Acquisition Sub, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Charming Shoppes, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      933 Inspiration LLC 
    Vice President 
      DBX, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Maurices Credit Management, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Duluth Real Estate, LLC 
    Vice President 
      Too GC, LLC 
    Vice President 
      Tween Brands Agency, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Tween Brands Direct Services, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Tween Brands Direct, LLC 
    Vice President 
      Tween Brands Investment, LLC 
    Vice President 
      Tween Brands Purchasing, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Tween Brands Service Co. 
    Vice President 
      Tween Brands Store Planning, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      C.S.F. Corp. 
    Vice President 
      CCTM, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Charming Shoppes Receivables Corp. 
    Vice President 
      Charming Shoppes Seller, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Charming Shoppes Street, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Crosstown Traders, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      CS Holdco II Inc. 
    Vice President 
      CSD Acquisition Corp. 
    Vice President 
      CSGC, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Fashion Service LLC 
    Vice President 
      Charming Sales Co. Two, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Charming Sales Co. Three, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Charming Sales Co. One, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Lane Bryant of Pennsylvania, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      PSTM, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Sonsi, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Spirit of America, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Winks Lane, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Catherines #5124, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Catherines #5147, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Lane Bryant #6243, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Lane Bryant 6398, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Lane Bryant 6662, Inc. 
    Vice President 
      Lane Bryant Outlet 4106, Inc. 
    Vice President 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually and as Administrative Agent, 
      By: 
    /s/ 
    Donna DiForio 
      Name: 
    Donna DiForio 
      Title: 
    Authorized Officer 

LENDER SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE FIRST ADMENMENT OF ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
      LENDER: 
    BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 

By: 
    /s/ 
    Roger G. Malouf 
      Name: 
    Roger G. Malouf 
      Title: 
    Director 

By: 
    /s/ 
    * 
      Name: 
      
      Title: 

* For any Lender requiring a second signature line. 

LENDER SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE FIRST ADMENMENT OF ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
      LENDER: 
    Wells Fargo Bank, N.A, 

By: 
    /s/ 
    Brent E. Shay 
      Name: 
    Brent E. Shay 
      Title: 
    Director 

LENDER SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE FIRST ADMENMENT OF ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
      LENDER: 
    Fifth Third Bank 

By: 
    /s/ 
    Bruce R. Cohenow, Jr 
      Name: 
    Bruce R. Cohenow, Jr 
      Title: 
    Assistant Vice President 

By: 
    /s/ 
    * 
      Name: 
      
      Title: 

* For any Lender requiring a second signature line. 

LENDER SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE FIRST ADMENMENT OF ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
      LENDER: 
    GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 

By: 
    /s/ 
    Mehmet Barlas 
      Name: 
    Mehmet Barlas 
      Title: 
    Authorized Signatory 

By: 
    /s/ 
    * 
      Name: 
      
      Title: 

* For any Lender requiring a second signature line. 

LENDER SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE FIRST ADMENMENT OF ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
      LENDER: 
    CAPITAL ONE BANK, N.A. 

By: 
    /s/ 
    Donna Lubin 
      Name: 
    Donna Lubin 
      Title: 
    Director 

By: 
    /s/ 
    * 
      Name: 
      
      Title: 

* For any Lender requiring a second signature line. 

LENDER SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE FIRST ADMENMENT OF ASCENA RETAIL GROUP, INC. 
      LENDER: 
    US Bank, National Association 

By: 
    /s/ 
    Thomas P. Chidester 
      Name: 
    Thomas P. Chidester 
      Title: 
    Vice President 

By: 
    /s/ 
    * 
      Name: 
      
      Title: 

* For any Lender requiring a second signature line. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 asna10q-q1fy17xexx311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, David Jaffe, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ascena retail group, inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 
    
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date: December 1, 2016    
    
               /s/ David Jaffe 
      David Jaffe 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 asna10q-q1fy17xexx312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Robb Giammatteo, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ascena retail group, inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 
    
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date: December 1, 2016    
    
               /s/ Robb Giammatteo 
      Robb Giammatteo 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 asna10q-q1fy17xexx321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of ascena retail group, inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   October 29, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David Jaffe, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge that: 
    
  (1)      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  (2)      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
    
  The foregoing certification is provided solely for purposes of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is not intended to be used for any other purpose. 
    
               /s/ David Jaffe 
      David Jaffe 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      December 1, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 asna10q-q1fy17xexx322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of ascena retail group, inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   October 29, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robb Giammatteo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge that: 
    
  (1)     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  (2)     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
    
  The foregoing certification is provided solely for purposes of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is not intended to be used for any other purpose. 
    
               /s/ Robb Giammatteo 
      Robb Giammatteo 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      December 1, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 asna-20161029.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 asna-20161029.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 asna-20161029_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 asna-20161029_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 asna-20161029_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 asna-20161029_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

