<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1360214_0001493152-16-014931_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5301922</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217160</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>325749</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1378481</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2047506</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1243854</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>87</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014931.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114164554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014931
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001360214
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				450567010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35814
		FILM NUMBER:		161995569

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12264 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-704-4042

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12264 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSDEL PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070912

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bywater Resources, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060421

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014931.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

[X]
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

[  ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from ___________ to _____________   

Commission
File Number: 001-35814   

Imprimis
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
         
       45-0567010    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
     incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer  
     Identification No.)   

(858)
704-4040    

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting
company.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   

Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate
by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No
[X]  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY  

  PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13, or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes [  ] No [  ]  

As
of November 11, 2016, 13,253,796 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value, were outstanding.  

IMPRIMIS
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

Table
of Contents   

Page    
 
      Part
    I  
       FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
       Financial
    Statements (unaudited)   
      3   

Item
    2.  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      27   

Item
    3.  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      39   

Item
    4.  
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      39   

Part
    II  
       OTHER
    INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
       Legal
    Proceedings   
      40   

Item
    1A.  
       Risk
    Factors   
      40   

Item
    2.  
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      54   

Item
    3.  
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities   
      54   

Item
    4.  
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
      54   

Item
    5.  
       Other
    Information   
      54   

Item
    6.  
       Exhibits   
      54   

Signatures   
      55   

PART
I   

   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements   

IMPRIMIS
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

   (In
thousands, except share data)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements  

IMPRIMIS
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

   UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    

   (In
thousands, except for share and per share data)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements  

IMPRIMIS
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

   UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

   (In
thousands)   

For
    the            
      For
    the        

Nine
    Months Ended            
      Nine
    Months Ended        

September
    30, 2016            
      September
    30, 2015        

CASH
    FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES       

Net
    loss       
      $    (12,985    )       
      $    (10,775    )   
 
      Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:       

Depreciation
    and amortization of furniture and equipment       
           699            
           186        
 
      Amortization
    of intangible assets       
           262            
           264        
 
      Amortization
    of debt discount       
           829            
           175        
 
      Paid-in-kind
    added to principal of note payable       
           153            
           79        
 
      Non-cash
    gain on contingent acquisition obligations       
           (83    )       
           (31    )   
 
      Change
    in fair value of derivative liabilities       
           113            
           -        
 
      Impairment
    of intangible assets and goodwill       
           303            
           -        
 
      Stock-based
    compensation       
           2,989            
           2,317        
 
      Issuance
    of warrant related to litigation settlement       
           115            
           -        
 
      Changes
    in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions:       

Accounts
    and insurance receivable       
           (2,162    )       
           (221    )   
 
      Inventories       
           (490    )       
           (605    )   
 
      Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets       
           (450    )       
           (444    )   
 
      Accounts
    payable and accrued expenses       
           1,648            
           845        
 
      Accrued
    payroll and related liabilities       
           93            
           349        
 
      Deferred
    revenue and customer deposits       
           (11    )       
           19        
 
      NET
    CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES       
           (8,977    )       
           (7,842    )   
 
      CASH
    FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES       

Payments
    on Pharmacy Creations contingent acquisition obligation       
           (100    )       
           -        
 
      Purchase
    of Central Allen Pharmacy, net of cash       
           -            
           (421    )   
 
      Purchase
    of Park Compounding, net of cash       
           -            
           (3,005    )   
 
      Investment
    in marketable securities       
           (300    )       
           -        
 
      Investment
    in patent and trademark assets       
           (185    )       
           (129    )   
 
      Purchases
    of property, plant and equipment       
           (6,540    )       
           (704    )   
 
      NET
    CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES       
           (7,125    )       
           (4,259    )   
 
      CASH
    FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES       

Payments
    on capital lease obligations       
           (119    )       
           (18    )   
 
      Net
    proceeds from public equity offering       
           11,088            
           -        
 
      Payments
    on Park deferred acquisition obligation       
           (145    )       
           (87    )   
 
      Proceeds
    from note payable, net of issuance costs       
           -            
           9,303        
 
      Proceeds
    from convertible note payable, net of issuance costs       
           2,772            
           -        
 
      Proceeds
    from Essex leaseback, net of issuance costs       
           1,933            
           -        
 
      Net
    proceeds from ATM sales of common stock       
           195            
           -        
 
      Net
    proceeds from exercise of warrants and stock options       
           55            
           1,248        
 
      NET
    CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES       
           15,779            
           10,446        
 
      NET
    CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS       
           (323    )       
           (1,655    )   
 
      CASH
    AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period       
           2,685            
           8,211        
 
      CASH
    AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period       
      $    2,362            
      $    6,556        
 
      SUPPLEMENTAL
    DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:       

Cash
    paid for income taxes       
      $    9            
      $    1        
 
      Cash
    paid for interest       
      $    984            
      $    414        
 
      SUPPLEMENTAL
    DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:       

Fair
    value of embedded conversion feature recorded as debt discount and derivative liability       
      $    2,322            
      $    -        
 
      Reclassification
    of the fair value of the embedded conversion feature derivative liability to additional paid-in capital upon closing of the
    public equity offering       
      $    2,646            
      $    -        
 
      Reclassification
    of the fair value of the LSAF warrant from additional paid-in capital to derivative liability       
      $    675            
      $    -        
 
      Reclassification
    of the fair value of the LSAF warrant derivative liability to additional paid-in capital upon closing of the public equity
    offering       
      $    464            
      $    -        
 
      Issuance
    of common stock and fair value of deferred acquisition obligations related to the purchase of Park Compounding       
      $    -            
      $    1,016        
 
      Issuance
    of common stock and to settle contingent acquisition obligation related to the purchase of PC       
      $    302            
      $    -        
 
      Issuance
    of stock options for consulting services included in accounts payable and accrued expenses       
      $    23            
      $    39        
 
      Final
    fee on notes payable recorded as debt discount and included in accrued expenses       
      $    -            
      $    500        
 
      Estimated
    relative fair value of warrants issued in connection with note payable       
      $    -            
      $    840        
 
      Purchase
    of property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses       
      $    122            
      $    -        

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements  

IMPRIMIS
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

   NOTES
TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

   (Dollar
amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)   

NOTE
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

Company
and Background   

Imprimis
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates or otherwise requires, the  Company 
or  Imprimis ) is a national leader in the development, production and dispensing of novel compounded pharmaceuticals.
The Company is focused on patient outcomes and affordability by offering high quality customizable compounded drugs in all 50
states. Imprimis is headquartered in San Diego, California and operates three pharmacy facilities located in California, New Jersey
and Pennsylvania, which may be referred hereinafter collectively as our  ImprimisRx compounding facilities.   

Basis
of Presentation   

Imprimis
has prepared the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form
10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for
audited financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring adjustments)
considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any other
period. For further information, refer to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto
included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

NOTE
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The
following represents an update for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the significant accounting policies described in
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates made by management are, among
others, allowance for doubtful accounts and contractual adjustments, realizability of inventories, valuation of deferred taxes,
goodwill and intangible assets, recoverability of long-lived assets and goodwill, valuation of contingent acquisition obligations
and deferred acquisition obligations, valuation of notes payable and derivative liabilities, and valuation of stock-based compensation
issued to employees and non-employees. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Going
Concern and Liquidity   

The
Company has incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since its inception. The Company incurred
net losses of $12,985 and $10,775 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and had an accumulated
deficit of $70,749 and $57,764 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In addition, the Company used cash
in operating activities of $8,977 and $7,842 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

While
there is no assurance, the Company believes its existing cash resources and restricted investments of approximately $2,812 at
September 30, 2016, along with $841 in proceeds received from insurance claims (see Note 12), is not sufficient to sustain the
Company s planned level of operations for at least the next twelve months. The Company s history of recurring losses,
and uncertainties as to whether the Company s operations will become profitable, raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern.  

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP which contemplates
continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business. The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management s plans,
which include the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets, until such time that funds provided by operations
are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this report
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability of assets or classifications of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. If the Company is not able to continue as a going concern, it would
likely not be able to realize its assets at values comparable to the carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the
balances set out in the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

The
Company may seek to increase liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures, to the extent necessary. These measures
may include, but are not limited to, the following: obtaining financing through the issuance of equity, debt, or convertible securities;
sale and leaseback arrangements; entering into leasing facilities; and working to increase revenue growth through pharmacy sales.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to obtain capital when needed on terms it deems as acceptable, or at all.  

Concentrations
of Credit Risk   

The
Company places its cash with financial institutions deemed by management to be of high credit quality. The Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation ( FDIC ) provides basic deposit coverage with limits up to $250 per owner, per deposit category, with
the same institution. At September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $2,111 in cash deposits in excess of FDIC limits.  

Accounts
Receivable   

Accounts
receivable are stated net of allowances for doubtful accounts and contractual adjustments. The accounts receivable balance primarily
includes amounts due from customers that the Company has invoiced or from third-party providers (e.g., insurance companies and
governmental agencies), which payment has not been received. Charges to bad debt are based on both historical write-offs and specifically
identified receivables. Contractual adjustments are determined by the amount expected to be collected from third-party providers.
Accounts receivable are presented net of allowances for doubtful accounts and contractual adjustments in the amount of $272 and
$180 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets   

Patents
and trademarks are recorded at cost and capitalized at a time when the future economic benefits of such patents and trademarks
become more certain. At that time, the Company capitalizes third party legal costs and filing fees associated with obtaining and
prosecuting claims related to its patents and trademarks. Once the patents have been issued, the Company amortizes these costs
over the shorter of the legal life of the patent or its estimated economic life, generally 20 years, using the straight-line method.
Trademarks are an indefinite life intangible asset and are assessed for impairment based on future projected cash flows as further
described below.  

The
Company reviews its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment as of January 1 of each year and when an event
or a change in circumstances indicates the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying amount. Events or changes
in circumstances considered as impairment indicators include but are not limited to the following:  

significant
    underperformance of the Company s business relative to expected operating results;   

significant
    adverse economic and industry trends;   

significant
    decline in the Company s market capitalization for an extended period of time relative to net book value; and   

expectations
    that a reporting unit will be sold or otherwise disposed.   

The
goodwill impairment test consists of a two-step process as follows:  

Step
1. The Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including the existing goodwill. The fair
value of each reporting unit is determined using a discounted cash flow valuation analysis. The carrying amount of each reporting
unit is determined by specifically identifying and allocating the assets and liabilities to each reporting unit based on headcount,
relative revenues or other methods as deemed appropriate by management. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its
fair value, an indication exists that the reporting unit s goodwill may be impaired and the Company then performs the second
step of the impairment test. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further analysis is required.  

Step
2. If further analysis is required, the Company compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill, determined
by allocating the reporting unit s fair value to all of its assets and its liabilities in a manner similar to a purchase
price allocation, to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its fair value,
an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to the excess. See the impairment amount recorded to goodwill during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 below.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets   

Long-lived
assets, such as furniture and equipment, purchased intangibles subject to amortization and patents and trademarks, are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted
future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset. Assets to be disposed of would be separately presented in the consolidated balance sheet and reported at the lower of the
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a disposal group
classified as held-for-sale would be presented separately in the appropriate asset and liability sections of the consolidated
balance sheet, if material.  

In
September 2016, the Company decided to cease operations at its Texas facility, and began winding down the operations. Based on
current projections regarding future cash flows of the Texas facility and the related subsidiary, the evaluation resulted in an
impairment of $64 related to intangible assets and $239 related to goodwill, recorded to impairment of intangible assets and goodwill
on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Revenue
Recognition and Deferred Revenue   

The
Company recognizes revenues when all of the following criteria have been met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
(2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. The
Company s revenues consist of sales of certain of the Company s proprietary compounded drug formulations and non-proprietary
formulations and products.  

Product
Revenues    

Determination
of criteria (3) and (4) is based on management s judgments regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products
delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Estimated returns and allowances and other adjustments are provided for in
the same period during which the related sales are recorded. The Company will defer any revenues received for a product that has
not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that the Company and the customer jointly determine that the product
has been delivered and no refund will be required.  

License
Revenues    

License
arrangements may consist of non-refundable upfront license fees, data transfer fees, research reimbursement payments, exclusive
license rights to patented or patent pending compounds, technology access fees, and various performance or sales milestones. These
arrangements can be multiple element arrangements.  

Non-refundable
fees that are not contingent on any future performance by the Company and require no consequential continuing involvement on the
part of the Company are recognized as revenue when the license term commences and the licensed data, technology, compounded drug
preparation and/or other deliverable is delivered. Such deliverables may include physical quantities of compounded drug preparations,
design of the compounded drug preparations and structure-activity relationships, the conceptual framework and mechanism of action,
and rights to the patents or patent applications for such compounded drug preparations. The Company defers recognition of non-refundable
fees if it has continuing performance obligations without which the technology, right, product or service conveyed in conjunction
with the non-refundable fee has no utility to the licensee and that are separate and independent of the Company s performance
under the other elements of the arrangement. In addition, if the Company s continued involvement is required, through research
and development services that are related to its proprietary know-how and expertise of the delivered technology or can only be
performed by the Company, then such non-refundable fees are deferred and recognized over the period of continuing involvement.
Guaranteed minimum annual royalties are recognized on a straight-line basis over the applicable term.  

Debt
Issuance Costs and Debt Discount    

Debt
issuance costs and the debt discount are recorded net of notes payable and capital lease obligations in the condensed consolidated
balance sheets. Amortization expense of debt issuance costs and the debt discount is calculated using the effective interest method
over the term of the debt and is recorded in interest expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

Fair
Value Measurements   

Fair
value measurements are determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.
GAAP establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes
the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. The established fair value
hierarchy prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation methodologies into the following three levels:  

Level
    1: Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in
    active markets. A quoted price in an active market provides the most reliable evidence of fair value and must be used to measure
    fair value whenever available.   

Level
    2: Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such
    as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are
    observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.   

Level
    3: Applies to assets or liabilities for which there are significant unobservable inputs that reflect a reporting entity s
    own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. For example, Level
    3 inputs would relate to forecasts of future earnings and cash flows used in a discounted future cash flows method.   

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not have any financial assets or liabilities that are measured on a
recurring basis. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s financial instruments included cash and cash
equivalents, restricted short-term investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, accrued payroll and
related liabilities, customer deposits, deferred acquisition obligations, notes payable and capital leases. The carrying amount
of these financial instruments, except for deferred acquisition obligations, notes payable and capital leases, approximates fair
value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The Company s restricted short-term investments are carried
at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company, the carrying values
of the deferred acquisition obligations, notes payable and capital leases, approximate their respective fair values.  

Derivative
Instruments   

The
Company accounts for free-standing derivative instruments and hybrid instruments that contain embedded derivative features as
either assets or liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets and are measured at fair value with gains or losses
recognized in earnings. Embedded derivatives that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract are bifurcated and
are recognized at fair value with changes in fair value recognized as either a gain or loss in earnings. The Company determines
the fair value of derivative instruments and hybrid instruments based on available market data using appropriate valuation models,
giving consideration to all of the rights and obligations of each instrument.  

The
Company estimates the fair value of derivative instruments and hybrid instruments using various techniques (and combinations thereof)
that are considered to be consistent with the objective of measuring fair value. In selecting the appropriate technique, the Company
considers, among other factors, the nature of the instrument, the market risks that it embodies and the expected means of settlement.
The Company generally uses the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, adjusted for the effect of dilution, because it embodies
all of the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility, estimated terms, dilution and risk-free rates) necessary to fair
value these instruments. Estimating the fair value of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant
and subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal
and external market factors. Increases in the trading price of the Company s common stock and increases in fair value during
a given financial quarter result in the application of non-cash derivative expense. Conversely, decreases in the trading price
of the Company s common stock and decreases in fair value during a given financial quarter would result in the application
of non-cash derivative income.  

Third
Party Billing and Collection Agreements    

In
connection with its acquisition of South Coast Specialty Compounding, Inc. D/B/A Park Compounding ( Park ), the Company
entered into a billing and collection agreement with a third party to assist in the billing and collection of workers  compensation
claims. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is obligated to pay a fixed fee to the third party equal to 55% of the amounts
billed and collected under the workers  compensation claims. The Company accrues for such fees in accounts payable and accrued
expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Total billing and collection management expense under this
agreement for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $0 and $24, respectively, and $7 and $28, for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, and is included in selling and marketing expenses in the accompanying
condensed consolidated statements of operations. The amounts due under the agreement as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 were $30 and $81, respectively.  

Stock-Based
Compensation   

All
stock-based payments to employees, directors and consultants, including grants of stock options, warrants, restricted stock units
( RSUs ) and restricted stock, are recognized in the condensed consolidated financial statements based upon their
estimated fair values. The Company uses the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model and Monte Carlo Simulation to estimate the
fair value of stock-based awards. The estimated fair value is determined at the date of grant. The financial statement effect
of forfeitures is estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, if the actual effect differs from those estimates.  

The
Company s accounting policy for equity instruments issued to consultants and vendors in exchange for goods and services
follows Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) guidance. As such, the value of the applicable stock-based compensation
is periodically remeasured and income or expense is recognized during the vesting terms of the equity instruments. The measurement
date for the estimated fair value of the equity instruments issued is the earlier of (i) the date at which a commitment for performance
by the consultant or vendor is reached or (ii) the date at which the consultant or vendor s performance is complete. In
the case of equity instruments issued to consultants, the estimated fair value of the equity instrument is primarily recognized
over the term of the consulting agreement. According to FASB guidance, an asset acquired in exchange for the issuance of fully
vested, nonforfeitable equity instruments should not be presented or classified as an offset to equity on the grantor s
balance sheet once the equity instrument is granted for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the Company records the estimated fair
value of nonforfeitable equity instruments issued for future consulting services as prepaid stock-based consulting expenses in
its condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 740,  Income
Taxes , or ASC 740. As of September 30, 2016, there were no unrecognized tax benefits included in the condensed consolidated
balance sheet that would, if recognized, affect the effective tax rate. The Company s practice is to recognize interest
and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company had no accrual for interest or penalties in
its condensed consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and has not recognized interest and/or
penalties in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
The Company is subject to taxation in the United States, New Jersey, Texas, Pennsylvania and California. The Company s tax
years since 2000 are subject to examination by the federal and state tax authorities due to the carryforward of unutilized net
operating losses.  

Basic
and Diluted Net Loss per Common Share   

Basic
net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders for the period by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss
attributable to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares, such
as stock options and warrants, outstanding during the period.  

Basic
and diluted net loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. Common stock equivalents (using the treasury stock or  if converted  method) from deferred acquisition obligations,
convertible note payable, stock options, unvested RSUs and warrants were 4,424,397 and 3,382,512 at September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share for all periods presented because the effect
is anti-dilutive. Included in the basic and diluted net loss per share calculation were RSUs awarded to our CEO, Mark Baum, that
have vested, but issuance and delivery of shares has not occurred and RSUs awarded to directors that had vested, but the issuance
and delivery of the shares are deferred until the director resigns. The number of shares underlying these vested RSUs at September
30, 2016 and 2015 was 281,283 and 39,880, respectively.  

The
following table shows the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In
May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 
This updated guidance supersedes the current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The updated guidance
introduces a five-step model to achieve its core principal of the entity recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or
services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for
those goods or services. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and
early adoption is not permitted. In July 2015, the FASB decided to delay the effective date of ASU 2014-09 until December 15,
2017. The FASB also agreed to allow entities to choose to adopt the standard as of the original effective date. The Company is
currently evaluating which transition method it will adopt and the expected impact of the updated guidance, but does not believe
the adoption of the updated guidance will have a significant impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which defines management s responsibility to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. This guidance will
be effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously
been issued. The Company will apply the guidance and disclosure provisions of the new standard upon adoption in its 2016 annual
consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which requires the lease rights and obligations arising from lease
contracts, including existing and new arrangements, to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02
is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. While the Company is still
evaluating ASU 2016-02, the Company expects the adoption of ASU 2016-02 to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated
financial condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities. The Company does not
expect ASU 2016-02 to have a material effect on the Company s results of operations and cash flows.  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities , which addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial statements.
This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting , which addresses certain aspects of accounting for share-based payment award transactions. This guidance
will be effective in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact that this guidance will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  

In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory,  which requires entities to measure most
inventory  at the lower of cost and net realizable value ( NRV ),  thereby simplifying the current guidance
under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of cost or market. Under the new guidance, inventory is  measured
at the lower of cost and net realizable value,  which eliminates the need to determine replacement cost and evaluate whether
it is above the ceiling (NRV) or below the floor (NRV less a normal profit margin). The guidance defines NRV as the  estimated
selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. 
The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Early application
is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on its financial position and results of operations.  

NOTE
3. RESTRICTED CASH AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS   

The
restricted cash and short-term investments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of certificates of deposit, which
are classified as held-to-maturity, and funds held in a money market account. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
restricted short-term investments were recorded at amortized cost, which approximates fair value.  

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the certificates of deposit and funds held in a money market account of $450 and $150
were classified as a current asset. These certificates of deposit and money market account funds are required as collateral under
the Company s corporate credit card agreement and additional security for the Company s office space and New Jersey
facility lease, and the certificates of deposit automatically renew every twelve months.  

NOTE
4. INVENTORIES    

Inventories
are comprised of finished compounded formulations, over-the-counter and prescription retail pharmacy products, commercial pharmaceutical
products, related laboratory supplies and active pharmaceutical ingredients. The composition of inventories as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows:  

NOTE
5. PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS   

Prepaid
expenses and other current assets consisted of the following:  

NOTE
6. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL   

The
Company s intangible assets at September 30, 2016 consisted of the following:  

Amortization
expense for intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows:  

Estimated
future amortization expense for the Company s intangible assets at September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

Changes
to the carrying value of the Company s goodwill during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows:  

NOTE
7. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES   

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consisted of the following:  

(1)  
      In
    September 2014, the Company relocated its primary operations to a 7,565 square foot office facility in San Diego, California.
    In February 2015, the Company entered into a sublease agreement to sublet 3,874 square feet of its previously occupied offices
    through the remaining term of the lease at a monthly rent amount of $8. The Company recognized a loss of approximately $117
    during the year ended December 31, 2014 related to the estimated remaining lease liability, net of expected sublease income,
    of the previously occupied offices. In September 2016, the Company decided to cease operations at its Texas location and started
    steps to wind down operations. The Company recognized a loss of $121 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related
    to the estimated remaining lease liability. The obligations were discounted based on current prevailing market rates.   

(2)  
      The
    amount consists of a $23 stock-based compensation accrual at December 31, 2015 related to stock options to be granted for
    consulting services provided. The stock options were granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the $23 was
    recorded to additional paid-in-capital.   

NOTE
8. DEBT   

Senior
Note - 2015   

On
May 11, 2015, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with IMMY Funding LLC,
an affiliate of Life Sciences Alternative Funding LLC (the  Lender ), as lender and collateral agent. Pursuant to
the terms of the Loan Agreement, as amended in January 2016, the Lender made available to the Company a term loan in the aggregate
principal amount of up to $10,000, all of which was drawn on May 11, 2015. The term loans bear interest at a fixed per-annum rate
of 12.5% and allows for 2% of the interest to be paid-in-kind until either February 2017 or May 2017, depending upon the Company s
ability to meet certain revenue or cash balance measures. The Company is permitted to pay interest only for the first three years
and after the end of the interest-only period, the Company will be required to pay interest, plus repayments of the principal
amount of the term loans, in 36 equal monthly installments. The interest-only period may be reduced to 20 months if the Company
does not meet certain minimum revenue or cash balance requirements and the Company would be required to pay interest, plus repayments
of the principal amount of the term loan, in 24 equal monthly installments. All amounts owed under the Loan Agreement, including
a final fee of 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the term loan, will be due on the earlier of May 11, 2021, or 24 months
after the end of the interest-only period. The Company incurred expenses of approximately $735 in connection with the Loan Agreement.
The final fee and expenses are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the debt using the interest method and the
related liability of $500 for the final fee is included in accrued expenses (see Note 7) in the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheets.  

Pursuant
to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Company is bound by certain affirmative covenants setting forth actions that the Company
must take during the term of the Loan Agreement, including, among others, certain information delivery requirements, obligations
to maintain certain insurance and certain notice requirements. Additionally, the Company is bound by certain negative covenants
setting forth actions that the Company may not take during the term of the Loan Agreement without the Lender s consent,
including, among others, disposing of certain of the Company s or its subsidiaries  business or property, incurring
certain additional indebtedness, entering into certain merger, acquisition or change of control transactions, paying certain dividends
or distributions on or repurchasing any of the Company s capital stock, or incurring any lien or other encumbrance on the
Company s or its subsidiaries  assets, subject to certain permitted exceptions. Upon the occurrence of an event of
default under the Loan Agreement (subject to cure periods for certain events of default), all amounts owed by the Company thereunder
may be declared immediately due and payable by the Lender. Events of default include, among others, the following: the occurrence
of certain bankruptcy events; the failure to make payments under the Loan Agreement when due; the occurrence of a material adverse
change in the business, operations or condition of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; the breach by the Company or its subsidiaries
of certain of their material agreements with third parties; the initiation of certain regulatory enforcement actions against the
Company or its subsidiaries; the rendering of certain types of fines or judgments against the Company or its subsidiaries; any
breach by the Company or its subsidiaries of any covenant (subject to cure periods for certain covenants) made in the Loan Agreement;
and the failure of any representation or warranty made by the Company or its subsidiaries in connection with the Loan Agreement
to be correct in any material respect when made.  

The
Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement are guaranteed on a secured basis by its wholly owned subsidiaries. Each
of the Company and its subsidiaries has granted the Lender a security interest in substantially all of its personal property,
rights and assets, including intellectual property rights and equity ownership, to secure the payment of all amounts owed under
the Loan Agreement.  

In
connection with the Loan Agreement, the Company has issued to the Lender a warrant to purchase up to 125,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, which is exercisable immediately, had an exercise price of $7.85 per share upon issuance and has a term of 10 years.
The relative fair value of the warrants was approximately $840 and was estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing
model with the following assumptions: fair value of the Company s common stock at issuance of $7.97 per share; ten-year
contractual term; 109% volatility; 0% dividend rate; and a risk-free interest rate of 1.25%. The relative fair value of the warrants
was recorded as a debt discount, decreasing notes payable and increasing additional paid-in capital on the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheet. The debt discount is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt using the interest
method. As described further, this warrant was amended in January 2016. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, debt discount amortization related to the Loan Agreement was $110 and $327 and $105 and $175, respectively.  

Convertible
Senior Note   2016   

On
January 22, 2016, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the  NPA ) with, and issued an 8.00% Convertible
Senior Secured Note in the principal amount of $3,000 (the  Convertible Note ) to, the Lender. Pursuant to the terms
of the NPA, on the date thereof, the Company issued the Convertible Note to the Lender and, as consideration therefor, the Lender
paid the Company in cash the full principal amount of the Convertible Note. The Company incurred expenses of approximately $228
in connection with the Convertible Note and was recorded as a debt discount. The debt discount is being amortized as interest
expense over the term of the debt using the interest method.  

Pursuant
to the terms of the Convertible Note, the Company is obligated to pay interest on the principal amount of the Convertible Note
monthly in cash at a fixed per-annum rate of 8.00%, and the Company is obligated to repay the full principal amount of the Convertible
Note in cash on May 11, 2021. The Company is permitted to redeem the Convertible Note prior to its maturity at any time on or
after March 1, 2018 for cash purchase prices equal to 109% - 105% of the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Note,
depending on the date of redemption. The Convertible Note was initially convertible by the holder at any time into shares of the
Company s common stock at an effective conversion price of approximately $5.90 and subject to anti-dilution adjustment upon
the Company s first equity financing while the Convertible Note is outstanding in which it receives gross proceeds of at
least $3,000, if such equity financing is completed at a per share price that is less than the conversion rate of the Convertible
Note, and also subject to adjustment upon stock combinations or splits, certain recapitalizations, stock or cash dividends or
other distributions of property or equity rights. Additionally, in the event of certain change of control events affecting the
Company, the Company may be required, at the option of the Lender, to repurchase the Convertible Note in cash for the greater
of 105% of the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Note or the value of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the Convertible Note. The relative fair value of the conversion feature was $2,322 and was recorded as a debt discount, decreasing
notes payable and increasing additional paid-in capital on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet (see also Note
10). The debt discount is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt using the interest method. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, debt discount amortization related to the Convertible Note was $155 and $464, respectively.  

In
connection and concurrently with the execution of the NPA and the issuance of the Convertible Note, the Company and the Lender
also entered into an amendment (the  Loan Agreement Amendment ) to the Loan Agreement (see above). The Loan Agreement
Amendment modifies the terms of the Loan Agreement in order to eliminate the potential borrowing of a second term loan thereunder
and to permit the Company to issue the Convertible Note. Additionally, the Company and the Lender entered into an amendment (the
 Warrant Amendment ) to the warrants that were issued to the Lender in connection with the Loan Agreement. The Warrant
Amendment modifies the terms of the warrants in order to reduce the exercise price thereof to $5.90 per share, which is consistent
with the initial conversion rate of the Convertible Note, and to add an anti-dilution adjustment provision that is consistent
with the same such provision in the Convertible Note.  

On
March 16, 2016, upon the closing of the Offering (see Note 10) and pursuant to the anti-dilution adjustment provisions of the
Convertible Note and the Warrant Amendment, the effective conversion price of the Convertible Note was adjusted to approximately
$3.60, and the exercise price of the warrants was adjusted to $3.60 per share (see also Note 10 for further accounting discussion
of the warrant exercise price and conversion provisions and related derivative liabilities).  

Notes
payable at September 30, 2016 was as follows:  

Future
minimum payments as of September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

NOTE
9. CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATION   

On
August 9, 2016, the Company entered into a commercial lease agreement (the  Lease Agreement ) with Essex Capital Corporation
( Essex ). Pursuant to the terms of the Lease Agreement, the Company sold certain equipment (the  Equipment )
to Essex for a total purchase price of approximately $2,000, which was leased back to the Company under a thirty-six month term
net basis lease with monthly payments of approximately $64. The fair value and undepreciated amounts of equipment sold and leased
under the Lease Agreement totaled approximately $2,000. The lease term may be extended for an additional twelve month period in
the event the Company achieves certain financial milestones. The Company has the right to purchase the Equipment from Essex upon
the expiration of the Lease Agreement for a purchase price equal to the Equipment s then fair market value, with such fair
market value not to exceed fifteen percent of the original Equipment cost. If the equipment is not purchased, the Company may
automatically extend the lease on a month-to-month basis or return the equipment and terminate the Lease Agreement. The Company
expects to purchase the Equipment at the end of the term of the lease and included the final payment amount of $300 in its future
payment schedule. The Company also incurred expenses of approximately $67 in connection with the Lease Agreement. The issuance
costs were recorded as a discount. The discount is being amortized as interest expense over the term of the lease using the interest
method. The Company used an interest rate of 16.8% for calculation of the present value of the future minimum payments under the
Lease Agreement and is amortizing the debt issuance costs at a rate of 1.8%. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, debt discount amortization related to the Lease Agreement was $37.  

The
Company has also leased other equipment under capital leases with an interest rate of 4.25% per annum. At September 30, 2016,
future payments under the Company s capital leases were as follows:  

NOTE
10. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT) AND STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION    

Common
Stock   

In
March 2016, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the  Underwriting Agreement ) with National Securities
Corporation and several other underwriters, under which the Company sold in a firm-commitment public offering (the  Offering ),
3,335,000 shares of the Company s common stock at $3.60 per share. The Offering closed on March 16, 2016. The Company received
net proceeds of $11,088, after deducting the underwriting discount and the offering expenses payable by the Company.  

In
November 2015, the Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM  sales agreement (the  Sales Agreement )
with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., as agent ( Cantor Fitzgerald ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell,
from time to time through Cantor Fitzgerald, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price as set forth in the
Sales Agreement and a related prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company agreed to pay
Cantor Fitzgerald a cash commission of 3.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of shares under the Sales Agreement.
In March 2016, in connection with the Offering, the Company reduced the amount available for sale pursuant to the Sales Agreement
with Cantor Fitzgerald to shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of $2,625. The Company sold 48,642 shares
of common stock and received net proceeds of $195, after deducting $16 for sales commission and offering expenses, under the Sales
Agreement during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, leaving an aggregate of $1,885 available for future sales of shares
thereunder as of September 30, 2016.  

In
May 2016, 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock underlying RSUs issued to its CEO, Mark L. Baum vested, but delivery
of these shares has not yet occurred.  

In
May 2016, we issued 75,000 shares of the Company s common stock, with a fair value of $302, as a contingent payment related
to the acquisition of PC (defined below) (see also Note 12).  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 33,154 shares of the Company s common stock underlying RSUs issued to directors
vested, but the issuance and delivery of these shares are deferred until the director resigns.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued a total of 15,000 shares of common stock as a result of option exercises.
The Company received $55 in cash proceeds for the issuance of the shares of common stock upon the exercise pursuant to exercise
provisions of stock options to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock with exercise price of $3.68 per share.  

Preferred
Stock   

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value, authorized and no shares of preferred
stock issued and outstanding.  

Stock
Option Plan    

On
September 17, 2007, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders adopted the Company s 2007 Incentive Stock and
Awards Plan, which was subsequently amended on November 5, 2008, February 26, 2012, July 18, 2012, May 2, 2013 and September 27,
2013 (as amended, the  Plan ). As of September 30, 2016, the Plan provides for the issuance of a maximum of 5,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock. The purpose of the Plan is to attract and retain directors, officers, consultants,
advisors and employees whose services are considered valuable, to encourage a sense of proprietorship and to stimulate an active
interest of such persons in the Company s development and financial success. Under the Plan, the Company is authorized to
issue incentive stock options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, non-qualified stock options,
restricted stock units and restricted stock. The Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board
of Directors.  

Stock
Options   

A
summary of stock option activity under the Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

The
aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax amount of the proceeds, net of exercise price, which
would have been received by option holders if all option holders had exercised and immediately sold all options with an exercise
price lower than the market price on September 30, 2016, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock of $3.81
on that date. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately
$29.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted stock options to certain employees and consultants. The stock options
were granted with an exercise price equal to the current market price of the Company s common stock, as reported by the
securities exchange on which the common stock was then listed, at the grant date and have contractual terms of 10 years. Vesting
terms for options granted to employees and consultants during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 typically included one
of the following vesting schedules: 25% of the shares subject to the option vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary
of the grant date and the remaining 75% of the shares subject to the option vest and become exercisable quarterly in equal installments
thereafter over three years; or 100% vesting associated with the provision or completion of services provided under contracts
with consultants. Certain option awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the Plan)
and in the event of certain modifications to the option award agreement.  

The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. The expected
volatility is based on the historical volatilities of the common stock of the Company and comparable publicly traded companies
based on the Company s belief that it currently has limited relevant historical data regarding the volatility of its stock
price on which to base a meaningful estimate of expected volatility. The expected term of options granted was determined in accordance
with the  simplified approach,  as the Company has limited, relevant, historical data on employee exercises and post-vesting
employment termination behavior. The expected risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent
with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. The financial statement effect of forfeitures is estimated
at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, if the actual effect differs from those estimates. For option grants to employees
and directors, the Company assigns a forfeiture factor of 10%. These factors could change in the future, which would affect the
determination of stock-based compensation expense in future periods. Utilizing these assumptions, the fair value is determined
at the date of grant.  

The
table below illustrates the fair value per share determined by the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following
assumptions used for valuing options granted to employees:  

The
table below illustrates the fair value per share determined by the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following
assumptions used for valuing options granted to consultants:  

The
following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2016:  

As
of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $5,111 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options
granted under the Plan. That expense is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of 3.3 years.
The stock-based compensation expense for all stock options was $471 and $1,772 during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively.  

Restricted
Stock Units    

RSU
awards are granted subject to certain vesting requirements and other restrictions, including performance and market-based vesting
criteria. The grant date fair value of the RSUs, which has been determined based upon the market value of the Company s
common stock on the grant date, is expensed over the vesting period of the RSUs. Unvested portions of RSUs issued to consultants
are remeasured on an interim basis until vesting criteria is met.  

In
April 2016, the Company granted performance-based RSU awards to its CEO, Mark L. Baum, of up to 1,050,000 performance stock units
and to its CFO, Andrew R. Boll, of up to 157,500 performance units. The performance stock units will vest on the fifth anniversary
of the grant date, subject to Mr. Baum s and Mr. Boll s continued employment with the Company, respectively, and may
vest earlier if the Company achieves and maintains certain stock price targets during the five year period following the grant
date or upon a change in control if the performance-based equity award is not assumed, continued or substituted for by the acquiring
entity. The market-based accelerated vesting criteria are broken into five equal tranches and require that the Company achieve
and maintain certain stock price targets ranging from $9 per share to $15 per share during the five-year period following the
grant date. These market-based accelerated vesting conditions and share amounts (in aggregate) are set forth below:  

For
each respective tranche to vest the following conditions must be met: (i) the Company s common stock must have an official
closing price at or above the target share price for the respective tranche (each such date, a  Trigger Date ); (ii)
during the period that includes the Trigger Date and the immediately following 19 trading days (the  Measurement Period ),
the arithmetic mean of the 20 closing prices of the Company s common stock during the Measurement Period must be at or above
the target share price for such tranche; and (iii) with certain limited exceptions, the executive must be in service with the
Company through the date of vesting.  

Concurrent
with the issuance of the performance-based restricted stock unit awards, Mr. Baum agreed to forfeit 1,050,000 RSUs subject to
performance-based vesting granted to him in May 2013 and Mr. Boll agreed to forfeit 157,500 RSUs subject to performance-based
vesting granted to him in February 2015. As a result, the issuance of the performance-based RSUs awarded in April 2016 have been
treated as modifications of the RSUs granted to Mr. Baum in May 2013 and Mr. Boll in February 2015 for accounting purposes. The
Company used a lattice binomial model to estimate a derived service period of 33 months related to the performance-based vesting
grants and used the following assumptions:  

A
summary of the Company s RSU activity and related information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

As
of September 30, 2016, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs was approximately $3,874, which is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.0 years, based on estimated and actual vesting schedules of the
applicable RSUs. The stock-based compensation for RSUs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $313 and
$1,237, respectively.  

Warrants   

From
time to time, the Company issues warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock to investors, lenders (see Note
8), underwriters, settlement agreements and other non-employees for services rendered or to be rendered in the future.  

A
summary of warrant activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

The
table below illustrates the fair value per share determined by the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following
assumptions used for valuing warrants granted related to settlement agreements:  

A
list of the warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2016 is included in the following table:  

The
Company recorded stock-based compensation related to equity instruments granted to employees, directors and consultants as follows:  

NOTE
11. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company modified certain common stock purchase warrants issued in conjunction with
debt which are detachable, or free standing, instruments. The warrants were considered a derivative liability upon modification
and the estimated fair value of the warrants was reclassified from equity to liabilities. In addition, the Company recorded a
derivative liability and debt discount associated with the estimated fair value of the embedded conversion feature in the Convertible
Note (see Note 8). Both instruments contained a provision which allowed for one-time adjustments to their exercise or conversion
prices. The one-time adjustment occurred upon the closing of the Company s underwritten public offering of its common stock
(see Note 10), on March 16, 2016, whereby the conversion and exercise prices were adjusted from $5.90 to $3.60 per share. At the
time of the one-time adjustment, the Company reclassified the derivative liabilities to equity based on their estimated fair value
at that time. The Company estimated the fair value of the derivative liabilities utilizing Level 3 inputs. The Company used the
Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model as it embodies all of the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility, remaining
term to maturity, market price, strike price, and risk-free rates) necessary to value these instruments.  

The
table below illustrates the fair value per share determined by the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following
assumptions used for valuing derivative liabilities:  

The
Company estimated expected terms based on the remaining contractual life of the instruments on the date of the fair value measurement.
The warrant expires on May 11, 2025 and the convertible note matures on May 11, 2021.  

The
following table provides a reconciliation of all liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 significant unobservable inputs:  

NOTE
12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Contingent
Acquisition Obligation   

On
April 1, 2014, the Company acquired all of the outstanding membership interests of Pharmacy Creations, LLC ( PC ).
The sellers of PC, are entitled to receive certain payments, including contingent consideration upon certain conditions, if PC
earns revenue of between $3,500 and $7,500 during the 12 month period ending March 31, 2016, an aggregate of that number of shares
of Imprimis common stock equal to the amount that such revenue exceeds $3,500 divided by 18.5882, rounded down to the lower whole
number (not to exceed 215,190 shares). The estimated fair value of the contingent acquisition obligation was $483 and included
in the contingent acquisition obligation in the accompanying condensed balance sheet at December 31, 2015. During May 2016, the
Company paid the sellers of PC $100 in cash and 75,000 shares of its common stock with a fair value of $302, as payment in full
related to the contingent acquisition obligation. Related to the payment of the contingent acquisition obligation the Company
recorded a gain of $0 and $81 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which is included in other
income in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations.  

Legal   

Urigen,
et. al, Litigation    

On
October 2014, the Company entered into a license agreement (the  Urigen License ) with Urigen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
( Urigen ) for a license of certain U.S. patents and patent applications to develop and sell in the U.S. Urigen s
URG101 product, a heparin and alkalinized lidocaine compounded formulation for the prevention or treatment of disorders of the
lower urinary tract. The Company, as the plaintiff, filed a civil action in the San Diego Superior Court against Urigen in December
2015, wherein the Company outlined serious concerns regarding material failures and inaccuracies of the representation and warranties
provided by Urigen in the Urigen License, which have affected the Company s ability to realize the expected benefit of the
Urigen License. Urigen filed a cross-complaint in April 2016 for breach of contract asserting unpaid royalties totaling $698 and
requesting a decree to cancel the Urigen Agreement. The Company filed another complaint in May 2016 with the U.S. District Court
for the Southern District of California for declaratory judgment of the invalidity of the core patent filing related to Urigen s
URG 101. In June 2016,   the Company received notice
from Urigen of their election to terminate the Urigen License. In November 2016, the Company and Urigen entered into a settlement
and mutual release agreement whereby all parties agreed to settle all disputes related to the Urigen License and associated litigation
matters, the Company agreed to make a one-time payment to Urigen related to past sales of Urigen s URG101 product and to
cease selling the URG101 product over a certain period of time. The Company recorded a gain related to the settlement with Urigen
totaling $551 which is included in other income, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations.  

Corwin,
Kammer, et. al. Litigation    

In
February 2014, Robert Kammer ( Kammer ), the Company s Chairman of the Board, filed a lawsuit in the San Diego
Superior Court against Merlyn Corwin ( Corwin ) to enforce his contract rights related to a settlement agreement the
parties had previously entered into involving shares of the Company s common stock. Corwin filed an answer to the complaint
in March 2014 and in June 2014 filed the first amended cross complaint adding the Company as a cross-defendant. In August 2014,
Corwin filed a seconded amended cross complaint (the  SACC ) which added Mark Baum ( Baum ), the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, and an individual who previously provided consulting services to the Company as additional cross-defendants.
The SACC alleged numerous causes of action including securities fraud, concealment, misrepresentations, inducement of misrepresentations,
rescission   undue influence, intentional infliction of emotional distress and declaratory relief of invalidity of the settlement
agreement. In September 2014, the Company and Baum filed an anti-strategic lawsuit against public participation motion ( Anti-SLAPP ),
arguing all allegations in the SACC were based on protected activity under the litigation privilege. Kammer also filed an Anti-SLAPP
motion in October 2014. In November 2014, the Company, Baum and Kammer were granted both Anti-SLAPP motions, with the ruling judge
deciding that the parties successfully demonstrated that the allegations arose from activity protected by the litigation privilege.
The judge further found that the evidence Corwin relied upon in her arguments failed to demonstrate a probability that she could
prevail on any of the claims. The court then ordered Corwin to pay the Company s and Baum s attorney fees and the
case was dismissed. In May 2015, Corwin filed an appeal and in November 2015, the appellate court reversed the Anti-SLAPP decision
of the trial court. In April 2016, the Company and Baum filed a demurrer to the SACC. The court ordered a ruling on the demurrer
in June 2016, dismissing most of the causes of action against Baum and the Company, but leaving the claim for fraud by concealment
and intentional infliction of emotional distress. In August 2016, all parties related to this litigation entered into a settlement
and mutual release agreement, whereby all parties agreed to settle all disputes and release one another of any legal claims. The
Company issued 40,000 at-the-money warrants (see Note 10) as part of the settlement consideration. The fair value of the warrant
and associated legal expenses were recorded in general and administrative expenses and netted against estimated accruals recorded
prior to September 30, 2016 in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations.  

General
and Other   

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company may face various claims brought by third parties and the Company may, from time to
time, make claims or take legal actions to assert the Company s rights, including intellectual property disputes, contractual
disputes and other commercial disputes. Any of these claims could subject the Company to litigation. Management believes the outcomes
of currently pending claims are not likely to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position and
results of operations.  

Indemnities   

In
addition to the indemnification provisions contained in the Company s charter documents, the Company generally enters into
separate indemnification agreements with each of the Company s directors and officers. These agreements require the Company,
among other things, to indemnify the director or officer against specified expenses and liabilities, such as attorneys 
fees, judgments, fines and settlements, paid by the individual in connection with any action, suit or proceeding arising out of
the individual s status or service as the Company s director or officer, other than liabilities arising from willful
misconduct or conduct that is knowingly fraudulent or deliberately dishonest, and to advance expenses incurred by the individual
in connection with any proceeding against the individual with respect to which the individual may be entitled to indemnification
by the Company. The Company also indemnifies its lessors in connection with its facility leases for certain claims arising from
the use of the facilities. These indemnities do not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential future payments the Company
could be obligated to make. Historically, the Company has not incurred any payments for these obligations and, therefore, no liabilities
have been recorded for these indemnities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

Insurance
Claims    

In
June 2016, the Company s Texas based facility was damaged related to a malfunction with the property s sprinkler system.
The Company commenced restoration efforts and filed claims for damages under its insurance policies, including claims related
to business interruption. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded the insurance claim
of $861 in other income, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations which reflected amounts payable by its insurance
carrier related to the claims filed for property damage and business interruption. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016 $20 was paid and at September 30, 2016, $841 was included in insurance receivable in the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheet.  

Asset
Purchase, License and Commission Agreements    

The
Company has acquired intellectual property rights related to certain proprietary innovations from certain inventors (the  Inventors )
through multiple asset purchase, license and commission agreements. In consideration for the acquisition of the intellectual property
rights, the Company is obligated to make certain milestone payments related to patent and regulatory filings to the Inventors
and also make payments, in one instance a minimum annual amount, based on certain percentages of revenues and net sales amounts,
as defined within the respective agreements. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized
$91 and $452, respectively, and $48 and $50, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, in expense
amounts related to these agreements. Such amounts are included in cost of sales and sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying
condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

NOTE
13. SEGMENT INFORMATION AND CONCENTRATIONS   

The
Company operates its business on the basis of a single reportable segment, which is the business of developing proprietary drug
therapies and providing such therapies through sterile and non-sterile pharmaceutical compounding services. The Company s
chief operating decision-maker is the Chief Executive Officer, who evaluates the Company as a single operating segment.  

The
Company categorizes revenues by geographic area based on selling location. All operations are currently located in the U.S.; therefore,
total revenues for 2016 and 2015 are attributed to the U.S. All long-lived assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
are located in the U.S.  

The
Company sells its compounded formulations to a large number of customers. Less than 10% of the Company s total pharmacy
sales were derived from a single customer for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The
Company receives its active pharmaceutical ingredients from three main suppliers. These suppliers collectively accounted for 76%
and 72% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and 49% and 55% during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, respectively, of active pharmaceutical ingredient purchases.  

NOTE
14. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    

The
Company has performed an evaluation of events occurring subsequent to September 30, 2016 through the filing date of this Quarterly
Report. Based on its evaluation, nothing other than the events described below needs to be disclosed.  

In
October 2016, the Company issued 16,076 shares of its common stock in connection with RSUs that had been awarded to a non-employee
director and had vested, but were not issued and settled until the resignation of the director on September 20, 2016.  

The
Company sold 8,400 shares of common stock and received net proceeds of $18, after deducting $1 for sales commission and offering
expenses, under the Sales Agreement.  

In
October 2016, the Company entered into a purchase and supply agreement the specialty pharmacy division of a leading pharmacy care
services company. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Company will provide the specialty pharmacy with compounded pharmaceutical
products from its Imprimis Cares formulary of low-cost compounded therapeutic alternatives. The Company has not yet begun to make
substantive amount of sales under this agreement, although it expects that sales will begin to increase to a meaningful level
during the last two quarters of 2017.  

Described
further in Note 12, in November 2016, the Company and Urigen entered into a settlement and mutual release agreement whereby all
parties agreed to settle all disputes related to the Urigen License and associated litigation matters, the Company agreed to make
a one-time payment to Urigen related to past sales of Urigen s URG101 product and to cease selling the URG101 product over
a certain period of time. The Company recorded a gain related to the settlement with Urigen totaling $551 during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016.  

Described
further in Note 12, the Company filed claims for damages under its insurance policies, including claims related to property damage
and business interruption related to its Texas facility. In November 2016, the Company and its insurance carrier agreed to a total
payment amount for settlement of the claims of $861. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 $20 was paid and $840 was
paid in November 2016. The total claim amount consisted of $44 related to property damage and $818 connected to business interruption,
less a $1 deductible.  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q (this  Quarterly Report ). Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared
and, unless otherwise stated, the information derived therefrom as presented in this discussion and analysis is presented, in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).    

The
information contained in this Quarterly Report is not a complete description of our business or the risks associated with an investment
in our common stock. We urge you to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Quarterly Report
and in our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), including our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and subsequent reports on Form 8-K, which discuss our business
in greater detail. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the  Company ,  we ,  us , and
 our    in this Item 2 and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report refer to Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries.    

In
addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our
future performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  will ,  may ,
 should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,
 predicts ,  forecasts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms
or other comparable terminology. All statements made in this Quarterly Report other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and reflect only our current views, expectations
and assumptions with respect to future events and our future performance. If risks or uncertainties materialize or assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results or events could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Risks that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements we make include,
among others, risks related to: our ability to successfully implement our business plan, develop and commercialize our proprietary
formulations in a timely manner or at all, identify and acquire additional proprietary formulations, manage our pharmacy operations,
service our debt, obtain financing necessary to operate our business, recruit and retain qualified personnel, manage any growth
we may experience and successfully realize the benefits of our acquisitions of Pharmacy Creations, LLC ( Pharmacy Creations ),
South Coast Specialty Compounding, Inc. D/B/A Park Compounding ( Park ), Thousand Oaks Holding Company s wholly-owned
subsidiaries Topical Apothecary Group, LLC (d/b/a TAG Pharmacy), Aerosol Science Laboratories, Inc. (d/b/a ASL Pharmacy), SinuTopic,
Inc. (d/b/a Sinus Dynamics Pharmacy) and Mycotoxins, LLC (collectively  ImprimisRx PA ), and any other acquisitions
and collaborative arrangements we may pursue; competition from pharmaceutical companies, outsourcing facilities and pharmacies;
general economic and business conditions; regulatory and legal risks and uncertainties related to our pharmacy operations and
the pharmacy and pharmaceutical business in general; physician interest in and market acceptance of our current and any future
formulations and compounding pharmacies generally; our limited operating history; and the other risks and uncertainties described
under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report. You should not place undue reliance
on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except as required by law,
we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update any forward-looking statement for any reason.   

Overview

We
are a national leader in the development, production and dispensing of innovative proprietary compounded pharmaceuticals that
we make available to physicians and patients at affordable prices. Under our Imprimis Cares    program, we own, market
and dispense a portfolio of lower-cost compounded alternatives to higher-priced FDA-approved drugs in several therapeutic areas,
including ophthalmology, urology, dermatology and infectious diseases. We believe our proprietary formulations may offer competitive
advantages and serve unmet needs in the marketplace. We plan to expand our Imprimis Cares program by introducing additional customizable
compounded drug formulations in order to provide patients with access to alternatives to increasingly expensive FDA-approved medications.
Our Imprimis Cares program aligns with our corporate mission, vision and values of providing physicians and their patients with
high-quality individualized compounded medications at accessible prices.  

Outside
of the Imprimis Cares program, we also make and dispense a portfolio of non-proprietary compounded drugs in therapeutic areas
that may be overlooked by commercial pharmaceutical companies. We offer customizable compounding products that consist of sterile
injectable and non-sterile integrative medicine therapies that are used in various therapeutic areas, including oncology, autoimmunity,
chronic infectious diseases and endocrine and metabolic diseases.  

Our
ImprimisRx compounding facilities, based in New Jersey, California, and Pennsylvania, through which we make, dispense and sell
our proprietary compounded formulations and other non-proprietary products. All of our customized formulations are made in the
United States of America.  

All
of our proprietary compounded formulations are born from the clinical experience of a network of inventors, including physician
prescribers, clinical researchers and pharmacist formulators, who develop and prescribe customized medicines for individual patient
needs. We pursue a development pathway for potential formulation candidates that involves working collaboratively with these inventors
to identify and evaluate intellectual property related to the formulation, assess relevant markets for the formulation, and seek
to validate the clinical experience relating to the formulation with the objective of investing in commercialization activities.
Although our business is focused on a compounding commercialization strategy, we may also consider other commercialization pathways,
including pursuing FDA approval to market and sell a drug formulation or technology.  

We
have incurred recurring operating losses and have had negative operating cash flows since July 24, 1998 (inception). In addition,
we have an accumulated deficit of approximately $70,749 at September 30, 2016. Our history of recurring losses, and uncertainties
as to whether our operations will become profitable, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
The condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this report do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability
of assets or classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
Beginning on April 1, 2014, when we acquired our first ImprimisRx compounding pharmacy, we began generating revenue from sales
of certain of our proprietary drug formulations and other non-proprietary formulations; however, we expect to incur further losses
as we integrate and develop our pharmacy operations, evaluate other programs and continue the development of our formulations.  

Operations

We
currently compound and dispense these formulations through our ImprimisRx compounding facilities located in Ledgewood, New Jersey,
Irvine, California and Folcroft, Pennsylvania. Our New Jersey facility is comprised of two separate entities/facilities, with
one facility registered with the FDA as an outsourcing facility ( NJOF ) under Section 503B of the Federal Food, Drug
  Cosmetic Act (FDCA). The other New Jersey facility ( NJRX ) and our California facility, which compound and
dispense both sterile and non-sterile compounded drugs, as well as our Pennsylvania facility, which compounds and dispenses non-sterile
drugs, are all licensed as pharmacies operating under Section 503A of the FDCA.  

Imprimis
Cares Platform    

Ophthalmic
Formulations   

In
2013, we acquired intellectual property trademarked as SSP Technology   , which relates to compounded formulations
for the combination and administration of anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial agents after the completion of an ocular surgery.
SSP Technology allows for increased solubility of active pharmaceutical ingredients and the creation of small, uniform particle
sizes, which enables these compounded formulations to be used as an intraoperative injectable or as a topical eye drop. Since
the acquisition of our SSP Technology, we have continued the development of the platform to include additional active pharmaceutical
ingredients, such as NSAIDs.  

Our
Dropless    Therapy formulations are available in single, injectable intraocular doses administered following ocular
surgery. Ophthalmologists have reported that use of our Dropless Therapy formulations has substantially reduced or eliminated
the need for patient-administered eye drops following ocular surgery, thereby largely eliminating patient non-compliance and dosing
errors associated with post-operative self-administered eye drop care regimens. Since launching these formulations in April 2014,
multiple investigator initiated studies have been completed and their positive findings published in trade and peer reviewed publications.
A recently published study comparing Dropless Cataract Surgery    to post-surgical topical drops found that 92 percent
of the patients preferred Dropless Therapy over eye drops and regarding post-operative visual outcome, 88 percent of patients
preferred Dropless over topical drops. In a large peer-reviewed retrospective study of patients receiving Dropless Therapy following
cataract surgery that nearly 92 percent of the cases, supplemental medication following surgery was not required.  

Our
LessDrops    topical formulations, introduced during first quarter 2015, include combination steroid, antibiotic
and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory topical eye drops for patient administration following laser refractive surgery, including
LASIK and photorefractive keratectomy (PRK), cataract and other ocular surgeries. We estimate that our LessDrops combination topical
formulations may require the administration of up to 50% fewer drops by patients post-surgery and may cost up to 75% less than
other currently available post-surgery eye drop regimens. We plan to expand our portfolio of LessDrops topical formulations to
provide additional eye drop choices for our ophthalmologist customers. Over 1,000 ophthalmologists have adopted our LessDrops
and Dropless Therapy formulations and a growing number of high-volume cataract surgery practices, hospitals and ambulatory surgery
centers throughout the U.S. have become customers.  

In
May 2016, we launched our patent-pending IV Free MKO Melt  compounded conscious sedation formulation. The MKO Melt is administered
sublingually to sedate patients undergoing ocular surgeries and may have uses for other surgical procedures outside of ophthalmology.
In October 2015, we acquired the assets of a leading U.S. provider of topical compounded sinus formulations, delivery systems
and patented packaging. Our topical delivery platform delivers sinusitis medications locally to the sinonasal mucosa, which is
typically the direct site and probable source of the problem. We also offer formulations for patients suffering from interstitial
cystitis, also known as painful bladder syndrome.  

Other
Imprimis Cares Formulations   

In
October 2015, we introduced our compounded pyrimethamine and leucovorin formulations, lower-cost therapeutic alternatives to FDA-approved
Daraprim    for the treatment of toxoplasmosis. Toxoplasmosis can be of major concern for patients with weakened
immune systems such as patients with HIV/AIDS, pregnant women and children. Our pyrimethamine and leucovorin formulations are
now offered by Express Scripts, the largest pharmacy benefit manager in the U.S., and by many other hospitals and healthcare organizations.  

In
May 2016, we introduced our patent-pending tiopronin delayed-release compounded formulations that may be prescribed by physicians
as a lower-cost alternative to FDA-approved Thiola    for cystinuria patients. We also offer delayed-release formulations
of tiopronin, the active drug ingredient in Thiola and potassium citrate, which is commonly prescribed and taken separately as
an alkalizing agent. Cystinuria is an inherited disease that causes stones made of the amino acid cystine to form in the kidneys,
bladder and/or urethra.  

In
September 2016, we announced the availability of our EDTA calcium disodium injectable formulation, a lower-cost compounded alternative
to FDA-approved Calcium Disodium Versenate, commonly used to stabilize and treat patients exposed to lead poisoning. We also offer
proprietary formulations under our Imprimis Cares platform commonly prescribed by dermatologists. We intend to expand our Imprimis
Cares portfolio and launch new formulations over the next twelve months within other therapeutic areas.  

Non-proprietary
Compounded Formulations   

Our
portfolio of non-proprietary compounded medications includes sterile injectable and non-sterile integrative therapies in therapeutic
areas that may be overlooked by commercial pharmaceutical companies, such as oncology, autoimmunity, chronic infectious diseases,
and endocrine and metabolic diseases. We also offer customizable hormone replacement therapies and a variety of weight loss and
dermatology compounded formulations. Many of these formulations are offered in different formats than other available alternatives,
such as in suspension or lyophilized, which we believe may provide differentiating and potentially beneficial factors as compared
to competing therapies.  

Customer
Relationships   

A
growing number of physicians, hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and pharmacy benefits managers are now accessing our Imprimis
Cares formulary. In September 2016, we entered into a purchase and supply agreement with AmSurg Holdings, Inc. a leading national
provider of multi-specialty outsourced physician services to more than 245 hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other healthcare
facilities located across the United States. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Imprimis will provide AmSurg with compounded
pharmaceutical products from its core ophthalmic formulation lines including it Dropless    injectables and LessDrops  
 topical compounded formulations.  

In
October 2016, we entered into a purchase and supply agreement the specialty pharmacy division of a leading pharmacy care services
company, connecting more than 65 million Americans to improved care, lower costs and a better health care experience. Pursuant
to the terms of the agreement, Imprimis will provide the specialty pharmacy with compounded pharmaceutical products from its Imprimis
Cares formulary of low-cost compounded therapeutic alternatives. We expect this agreement will help accelerate the adoption of
several compounded alternative offerings that we currently offer and others we expect to launch in 2017.  

Compounding
Facilities    

One
of our key strategies is the use of compounding pharmacies to formulate our proprietary compounded drug formulations and distribute
them to physicians and patients. Generally, compounding pharmacies combine different ingredients, most of which may be FDA-approved,
to create specialized preparations prescribed by a physician to treat an individually identified patient. Often this is because
a standard medication approved by the FDA is not appropriate for a patient s needs. Examples of compounded formulations
include medications with alternative dosage strengths or unique dosage forms, such as topical creams or gels, suspensions, or
solutions with more tolerable drug delivery vehicles. A compounding pharmacy is only permitted to compound or prepare a patient-specific
formulation upon receipt of a physician prescription for an individual patient. Our three ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies make,
dispense and sell our proprietary and non-proprietary compounded formulations and are collectively licensed to distribute to 50
states.  

In
October 2016, we registered NJOF with the FDA as a Section 503B outsourcing facility. An outsourcing facility is an entity permitted
to compound large quantities of certain drug formulations without a prescription and distribute them out of state without limitation.
An outsourcing facility is required to comply with certain additional requirements that do not apply to compounding pharmacies,
including adherence to current good manufacturing practices (cGMP). We estimate that our capital expenditures to build and equip
the New Jersey facility are approximately $5,058, of which, we have paid approximately $4,936 as of September 30, 2016. We have
also begun to improve our California based pharmacy. We expect to invest approximately $550 to make the improvements and add capacity
to the pharmacy, of which we have paid approximately $403. We expect the improvement of our California pharmacy will be completed
in November 2016.  

In
June 2016, our Texas facility was damaged related to a faulty sprinkler head. We immediately commenced restoration efforts, notified
our insurance carrier and filed claims for damages under our insurance policies, including claims related to business interruption
(see discussion below regarding the Texas insurance claim). In September 2016, after consideration of the totality of circumstances
surrounding our collective facility infrastructure, including estimated production capacity and capabilities of NJOF, and the
damage to our Texas facility, we decided to cease operations in Texas. We are currently in the process of winding down those operations
entirely, and intend to have ceased all operations at our Texas facility by the end of 2016.  

Factors
Affecting Our Performance   

We
believe the primary factors affecting our performance are our ability to increase sales of our proprietary compounded formulations
and certain non-proprietary products, grow and gain operating efficiencies in our pharmacy operations, optimize pricing and obtain
reimbursement options for our proprietary compounded formulations, and continue to pursue development and commercialization opportunities
for certain of our ophthalmology, urology and other assets that we have not yet made commercially available as compounded formulations.
All of these activities will require significant costs and other resources, which we may not have or be able to obtain from operations
or other sources. See   Liquidity and Capital Resources  below.  

Selection
and Development of Formulations    

We
plan to pursue the development of new proprietary compounded formulations in the ophthalmology and/or other therapeutic areas,
which may include continued activities to develop and commercialize current assets or, if and as opportunities arise, potential
acquisitions of new intellectual property rights and assets. We also intend to seek opportunities to introduce new lower-cost
compounded formulation alternatives to higher-priced FDA-approved drugs, as part of our Imprimis Cares initiative. Our product
development strategy is to focus on a select few therapeutic areas in which we believe there is broad market potential, large
unmet needs and/or unique value to physicians and patients and to develop and offer formulations within these therapeutic areas
that could afford us with gross margins. However, our expectations and assumptions about market potential and patient needs may
prove to be wrong and we may invest capital and other resources on formulations that do not generate sufficient revenues for us
to recoup our investment. Additionally, we will need to rely on relationships with third parties, including pharmacists, physicians
and other inventors, to assist in the identification, research, development and assessment of such formulations, which exposes
us to risks. Moreover, we may be unable to identify attractive acquisition opportunities and negotiate agreements with their owners
that are acceptable to us, particularly if such assets involve competition among several purchasers, and we have limited resources
to invest in or acquire additional potential product development assets and integrate them into our business.  

Compounding
Strategy    

We
currently make, dispense and sell our commercially available proprietary compounded formulations and certain other non-proprietary
products through our compounding pharmacies pursuant to a prescription for an individually identified patient. Additionally, we
are in the process of developing and registering our New Jersey facility as an outsourcing facility. We are working to expand
our pharmacy operations and personnel and develop our facilities into a unified compounding pharmacy network. For instance, we
have begun developing  ImprimisRx  as a uniform brand for our compounding facilities and have renamed all of our compounding
facilities under this or a similar name. These efforts may also entail seeking to acquire new pharmacies or outsourcing facilities
to add to our existing infrastructure, as opportunities arise. However, we have limited experience acquiring, building or operating
compounding pharmacies or other prescription dispensing facilities or commercializing our formulations through ownership of or
licensing arrangements with pharmacies. As a result, we may experience difficulties implementing our compounding pharmacy network
strategy, including difficulties that arise as a result of our lack of experience, and we may be unsuccessful.  

Reimbursement
Options and Pricing Optimization    

Our
proprietary ophthalmic compounded formulations are currently primarily available on a cash-pay basis. As part of our Imprimis
Cares initiative, we work with third-party insurers, pharmacy benefit managers and buying groups to offer patient-specific customizable
compounded formulations at accessible prices. We plan to continue to devote time and other resources to seek reimbursement and
patient pay opportunities for these and other compounded formulations and we have hired pharmacy billers to process certain existing
reimbursement opportunities for certain formulations. However, we may be unsuccessful in achieving these goals, as many third-party
payors have imposed significant restrictions on reimbursement for compounded formulations in recent years. Moreover, third-party
payors, including Medicare, are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting coverage and the level of reimbursement
for new drugs and by refusing, in some cases, to provide coverage for uses of approved products for disease indications for which
the FDA has not granted labeling approval. Further, the Health Reform Law may have a considerable impact on the existing U.S.
system for the delivery and financing of health care and could conceivable have a material effect on our business. As a result,
reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid and other third-party payors may never be available for any of our products or, if available,
may not be sufficient to allow us to sell the products on a competitive basis and at desirable price points. If government and
other third-party payors do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for our formulations, the market acceptance
for our formulations may be limited.  

Additionally,
we are making efforts to normalize the pricing for our currently available proprietary compounded ophthalmic formulations. An
economic study conducted in 2015 by researchers at Andrew Chang   Co, LLC and co-sponsored by us demonstrated that, assuming
the cost of Dropless Therapy is $100 per dose (dollar amount not expressed in thousands), our Dropless Therapy formulations could
provide collective savings to Medicare, Medicaid and patients of up to $13 billion, with a most likely savings estimate of $8.7
billion, over a 10-year period. Based on this research, we believe optimized pricing for our Dropless Therapy formulations could
be nearly $100 per dose (dollar amount not expressed in thousands). Any efforts to attain optimized pricing for our Dropless Therapy
or any of our other proprietary formulations could fail, which could make our products less attractive or unavailable to some
patients or could reduce our margins.  

Sales
and Marketing Efforts    

Although
we have engaged distributors for certain of our proprietary compounded formulations in certain non-U.S. markets and have out-licensed
certain of our technology in international markets, such as Canada, we expect to continue to focus our efforts on our U.S. commercial
opportunities during 2016. Our sales and marketing efforts are currently organized into two departments, one of which focuses
on our ophthalmology formulations and the other of which focuses on our available formulations in other therapeutic areas. We
have also begun to establish a sales and marketing team focused on our non-ophthalmology business. Our sales and marketing activities
consist primarily of efforts to educate doctors, ambulatory surgery centers, healthcare systems, hospitals and other users throughout
the U.S. about our formulations. We expect that we may experience growth in the sales of our proprietary compounded formulations
in future periods, particularly in light of our recent launches of new formulations and commercialization campaigns. However,
we may not be successful in doing so, whether due to the safety, quality or availability of our proprietary compounded formulations,
the size of the markets for such formulations, which could be smaller than we expect, the timing of market entry relative to competitive
products, the availability of alternative compounded formulations or FDA-approved drugs, the price of our compounded formulations
relative to alternative products or the success of our sales and marketing efforts, which is dependent on our ability to build
and grow a qualified and adequate internal sales function. Further, we are dependent upon market acceptance of compounded formulations
generally, and some physicians may be hesitant to prescribe, and some patients may be hesitant to purchase and use, these non-FDA
approved formulations, particularly when an FDA-approved alternative is available.  

Recent
Developments    

The
following describes certain developments in 2016 to date that are important to understand our financial condition and results
of operations. See the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional information
about each of these developments. Dollar amounts are expressed in thousands.  

Asset
Impairment and Insurance Claim - Texas    

In
June 2016, our Texas based facility was damaged related to a malfunction with the property s sprinkler system.  

We
commenced restoration efforts and filed claims for damages under its insurance policies, including claims related to business
interruption. In September 2016, we decided to cease operations at our Texas facility, and began winding down operations at that
location. In November 2016, we were paid $861 from our insurance carrier related to the claims we filed for property damage and
business interruption. We have begun transferring equipment and certain improvements in our Texas facility to our other compounding
facilities and we believe all operations at our Texas facility will be ceased completely near the end of 2016. As result of shutting
the facility down, we incurred a charge of $303 related to the impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill of our Texas facility
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Equipment
Lease    

In
August 2016, we entered into an equipment sale-leaseback agreement (the  Lease Agreement ) with Essex Capital Corporation
( Essex ). Pursuant to the terms of the Lease Agreement, we sold certain equipment (the  Equipment ) to
Essex for a total purchase price of approximately $2,000, which was leased back to us under a thirty-six (36) month term net basis
lease with monthly payments of approximately $64. The lease term may be extended for an additional twelve (12) month period in
the event we achieve certain financial milestones. We have the right to purchase the Equipment from Essex upon the expiration
of the Lease Agreement for a purchase price equal to the Equipment s then fair market value, with such fair market value
not to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the original Equipment cost. If the equipment is not purchased, we may automatically extend
the lease on a month-to-month basis or return the equipment and terminate the Lease Agreement.  

Public
Equity Offerings    

On
March 16, 2016, we closed an underwritten public offering of 3,335,000 shares of our common stock at a per share price to the
public of $3.60, and we received net proceeds of $11,088 after deducting the underwriter discount and other offering expenses.
We are used the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and general corporate purchases.  

On
November 27, 2015, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM  sales agreement (Sales Agreement) with Cantor Fitzgerald
  Co., as agent (Cantor Fitzgerald), pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time through Cantor Fitzgerald,
shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price as set forth in the Sales Agreement and a related prospectus supplement
we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have agreed to pay Cantor Fitzgerald a cash commission of 3.0% of
the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of shares under the Sales Agreement and to reimburse Cantor Fitzgerald for certain
fees and expenses in an amount not to exceed $50. We have sold 48,642 shares of common stock and received net proceeds of $195,
after deducting sales commission and offering expenses, under the Sales Agreement during the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
leaving an aggregate of $1,872 available for future sales of shares thereunder as of November 11, 2016.  

Convertible
Note and Loan Agreement    

On
January 22, 2016, we received gross proceeds of $3,000 upon our issuance of an 8.00% Convertible Senior Secured Note in the principal
amount of $3,000 (Convertible Note) to IMMY Funding LLC (LSAF), an affiliate of Life Sciences Alternative Funding LLC. We are
obligated to pay interest on the principal amount of the Convertible Note monthly in cash at a fixed per-annum rate of 8.00%,
and we are obligated to repay the full principal amount of the Convertible Note in cash on May 11, 2021. The Convertible Note
is convertible into shares of our common stock by the holder at any time at an effective conversion price of approximately $3.60,
subject to adjustment upon certain events.  

On
May 11, 2015, we entered into a loan agreement with LSAF, pursuant to which we have received a term loan in the principal amount
of $10,000 (the  LSAF Loan ). The LSAF Loan bears interest at a fixed per-annum rate of 12.5% and we are permitted
to pay interest only for the first three years or, if we do not meet certain minimum revenue or cash balance requirements, the
first 20 months. The LSAF Loan, plus a final fee of 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the LSAF Loan, will be due on the
earlier of May 11, 2021 or 24 months after the end of the interest-only period. As of September 30, 2016, our interest payment
obligations to date relating to the LSAF Loan totaled approximately $1,212; we expect our interest payment obligations relating
to the LSAF Loan and the Convertible Note to collectively total $1,303 in 2016.  

The
agreements governing the LSAF Loan and the Convertible Note include financial and operating covenants that impose restrictions
on our certain of activities. The amounts owed under the LSAF Loan and the Convertible Note are secured by substantially all of
our personal property, rights and assets, including our intellectual property rights.  

Results
of Operations   

The
following period-to-period comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily indicative of results for the current period
or any future period. In particular, we acquired or opened three pharmacies during the calendar 2015 year, results of operations
in the periods after commencement of these additional pharmacies, including aggregate revenue and expense amounts and the apportionment
of expenses among categories, have changed and are expected to continue to change as we further develop these operations. Further,
as a result of our acquisitions of our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies, and any additional pharmacy acquisitions or other such
transactions we may pursue, we may experience large expenditures specific to the transactions that are not incident to our operations.
Dollar amounts are expressed in thousands (except share and per share data).  

Comparison
of three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

Revenues

Our
revenues include amounts recorded from sales of proprietary compounded formulations and revenues received from royalty payments
owed to us pursuant to out-license arrangements.  

The
following presents our revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The
increase in revenue between periods was mostly attributable to increased sales of our proprietary formulations and introduction
of new proprietary formulations throughout calendar 2015, including our LessDrops formulations and urology based formulations.
Our ophthalmology related revenues attributed approximately $3,032 and $7,437 during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to $857 and $1,790 during the same periods last year, respectively.  

Cost
of Sales   

Our
cost of sales includes direct and indirect costs to manufacture formulations and sell products, including active pharmaceutical
ingredients, personnel costs, packaging, storage, royalties, shipping and handling costs, manufacturing equipment and tenant improvements
depreciation, the write-off of obsolete inventory and other related expenses.  

The
following presents our cost of sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The
increase in our cost of sales between periods was largely attributable to an increase in the volume of unit sales of our formulations
and products and our associated costs of such sales. Due to the property damage at our Texas facility, we hired temporary staff
to assist with the order fulfillment that was shifted to our California and New Jersey pharmacies. The costs associated with the
temporary staff and limited production efficiencies also resulted in an increase in cost of sales during the three months ended
September 30, 2016.  

Selling
and Marketing Expenses   

Our
selling and marketing expenses consist of costs associated with our marketing activities and sales of our proprietary compounded
formulations and other non-proprietary pharmacy products and formulations, which include associated personnel costs, including
wages and stock-based compensation.  

The
following presents our selling and marketing expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The
increase in selling and marketing expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was primarily attributable
to the expansion of our sales and marketing efforts (in particular during the earlier part of the year), which included additional
commercialization personnel, attendance at trade conferences and implementation of other various marketing activities, all related
to our commercialization efforts for our proprietary and certain non-proprietary compounded formulations.  

General
and Administrative Expenses   

Our
general and administrative expenses include personnel costs, including wages and stock-based compensation, corporate facility
expenses, and investor relations, consulting, insurance, filing, legal and accounting fees and expenses.  

The
following presents our general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The
increase in general and administrative expenses between periods was largely attributable to additional expenses resulting from
the opening and acquisition of additional compounding facilities, as well as the general increase of our operations to support
growth in sales, including hiring additional personnel, obtaining and maintaining state pharmacy licenses, incurring increased
professional fees and other related activities. We also incurred additional expenses related to the cessation of our Texas facilities
operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Research
and Development Expenses    

Our
research and development expenses primarily include expenses related to the development of acquired intellectual property, investigator-initiated
research and evaluations and other costs related to the clinical development of our assets.  

The
following presents our research and development expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The
variance in research and development expenses between periods was primarily attributable to change in timing of our sponsorship
of investigator-initiated evaluations related to certain of our proprietary compounded formulations.  

Impairment
of Intangible Assets and Goodwill   

As
more fully described in Note 2 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company performs an evaluation of long-lived
assets and intangible assets for impairment when certain indicators of impairment are present. In September 2016, we decided to
cease operations at our Texas facility, and began winding down operations at that location. Based on current projections regarding
future cash flows of our Texas facility and subsidiary, the evaluation resulted in an impairment of $303 related to intangible
assets and goodwill of our Texas subsidiary, recorded to impairment of long-lived assets on the Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Other
Income   

We
recorded other income of $1,494 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, related to proceeds from our insurance
claim in Texas and settlement with  Urigen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  In May 2016, we paid
the contingent acquisition obligation for Pharmacy Creations, LLC and recorded a gain of $0 and $81 during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  

Interest
Income    

Interest
income was $1 and $9 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $5 and $11 for the same
periods in the prior year.  

Interest
Expense    

Interest
expense was $733 and $2,001 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $428 and $690 for
the same periods in the prior year, respectively. The increase was primarily due to interest expense recognition related to the
LSAF Loan and Convertible Note, as well as capital leases and deferred acquisition obligations related to our acquisition of Park.  

Net
Loss   

Net
loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $(3,850) and $(12,985), or $(0.29) and $(1.05) basic and diluted
net loss per share, respectively, compared to a net loss for the same periods in the prior year of $(3,952) and $(10,775), or
$(0.41) and $(1.13), basic and diluted net loss per share, respectively.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Liquidity    

Our
cash on hand at September 30, 2016 was $2,362, compared to $2,685 at December 31, 2015.  

As
of the date of this Quarterly Report, we believe that cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments of approximately
$2,812 at September 30, 2016, and the expected future revenues and insurance payment of $841, will be not be sufficient to sustain
our planned level of operations and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. We intend to secure additional working
capital through sales of additional equity and debt securities to finance our operations. However, our plans for this period may
change, our estimates of our operating expenses, capital expenditures and working capital requirements could be inaccurate, we
may pursue acquisitions or other strategic transactions that involve large expenditures or we may experience growth more quickly
or on a larger scale than we expect, any of which could result in the depletion of capital resources more rapidly than anticipated
and could require us to seek additional financing in excess of what we currently expect is needed to support our operations.  

We
expect to use our current cash position and funds generated from our operations and any financing to pursue our business plan,
which includes developing and commercializing compounded formulations and technologies, integrating and expanding our compounding
operations, including capital expenditures related to construction efforts to improve our California and Pennsylvania pharmacies,
pursuing potential future strategic transactions as opportunities arise, including potential acquisitions of additional pharmacy,
outsourcing facilities, drug company and manufacturers, and/or assets or technologies, and otherwise fund our operations. We may
also use our resources to conduct clinical trials or other studies in support of our formulations or any product candidate for
which we pursue FDA approval, to pursue additional development programs or to explore other development opportunities.  

We
intend to will leverage recent investments made to our New Jersey facility, including new production processes and filling and
labeling automation, to offset previously planned production in Texas. We also have made recent company-wide improvements in technology
integration, production automation, quality systems and other supply chain efficiencies. These actions are expected to streamline
our operations and reduce expected cash based expenses by nearly $3 million annually without impacting the company s growth
plans.  

Net
Cash Flow   

The
following provides detailed information about our net cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Operating
Activities   

Net
cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $(8,977), as compared to $(7,842) used in operating
activities during the same period in the prior year. The net cash used in operating activities was mainly attributed to expanding
our operations, including hiring additional personnel, commercialization and marketing activities related to our proprietary formulations,
prescription fulfillment activities and other related undertakings.  

Investing
Activities   

Net
cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $(7,125) and $(4,259), respectively.
Cash used in investing activities in 2016 was primarily related to construction efforts and equipment purchases for our New Jersey
and Texas facilities. Cash used in investing activities in 2015 was primarily related to our acquisition of Park.  

Financing
Activities   

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $15,779 and $10,446, respectively.
Cash provided by financing activities in 2016 was primarily attributable to proceeds received in January 2016 from the LSAF Convertible
Note and proceeds received from the underwritten public offering and sale of shares of common stock in March 2016. The cash provided
by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is primarily attributable to proceeds from the LSAF Loan
entered in May 2015, and the proceeds received from cash exercises of warrants.  

Sources
of Capital    

Our
principal sources of cash consist of cash provided by financing activities, including: (a) gross proceeds of $3,000 received in
January 2016 from the Convertible Note issuance; (b) net proceeds of $11,088 from our sale of 3,335,000 shares of common stock
in our March 2016 public offering; and (c) gross proceeds of $2,000 from our sale and leaseback of certain equipment in August
2016. We also obtained capital from insurance proceeds related to business interruption and property loss of our Texas facility
of $841 in November 2016 and from ongoing product and formulation sales. We do not currently receive sufficient revenues to support
our operations. Our history of recurring losses, and uncertainties as to whether our operations will become profitable, raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The condensed consolidated financial statements contained
in this report do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability of assets or classifications of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. We have yet to generate positive cash flows from operations,
and are essentially dependent on debt and equity funding to finance our operations.  

We
will need significant additional capital to support our business plan and fund our proposed business operations. We are eligible
to receive $1,872 in additional gross proceeds from future sales of our common stock under the Sales Agreement. We may also seek
additional financing from a variety of sources, including other equity or debt financings, funding from corporate partnerships
or licensing arrangements, sales of assets or any other financing transaction. If we issue equity or convertible debt securities
to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience substantial dilution, and the newly issued equity or debt
securities may have more favorable terms or rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. If
we raise additional funds through collaboration or licensing arrangements or sales of assets, we may be required to relinquish
potentially valuable rights to our product candidates or proprietary technologies or formulations, or grant licenses on terms
that are not favorable to us. If we raise funds by incurring additional debt, we may be required to pay significant interest expenses
and our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization may increase. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming they
would be available, would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments and may impose restrictions on our activities,
such as the financial and operating covenants included in the agreements governing the LSAF Loan and the Convertible Note. Further,
we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing transactions, including investment banking fees, legal
fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses
in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which would adversely impact our financial
results.  

We
may be unable to obtain financing when necessary as a result of, among other things, our performance, general economic conditions,
conditions in the pharmaceuticals and pharmacy industries, or our operating history, including our past bankruptcy proceedings.
In addition, the fact that we are not and have never been profitable could further impact the availability or cost to us of future
financings. As a result, sufficient funds may not be available when needed from any source or, if available, such funds may not
be available on terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to raise funds to satisfy our capital needs when needed, then
we may need to forego pursuit of potentially valuable development or acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to continue
to operate our business pursuant to our business plan, which would require us to modify our operations to reduce spending to a
sustainable level by, among other things, delaying, scaling back or eliminating some or all of our ongoing or planned investments
in corporate infrastructure, business development, sales and marketing and other activities, or we may be forced to discontinue
our operations entirely.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

Since
our inception, except for standard operating leases, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements, including the
use of structured finance, special purpose entities or variable interest entities. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Derivative
Instruments    

We
account for free-standing derivative instruments and hybrid instruments that contain embedded derivative features as either assets
or liabilities in the balance sheet and are measured at fair values with gains or losses recognized in earnings. Embedded derivatives
that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract are bifurcated and are recognized at fair value with changes in
fair value recognized as either a gain or loss in earnings. We determine the fair value of derivative instruments and hybrid instruments
based on available market data using appropriate valuation models, giving consideration to all of the rights and obligations of
each instrument.  

We
estimate the fair value of derivative instruments and hybrid instruments using various techniques (and combinations thereof) that
are considered to be consistent with the objective of measuring fair value. In selecting the appropriate technique, we consider,
among other factors, the nature of the instrument, the market risks that it embodies and the expected means of settlement. We
generally use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, adjusted for the effect of dilution, because it embodies all of the
requisite assumptions (including trading volatility, estimated terms, dilution and risk-free rates) necessary to estimate the
fair value these instruments. Estimating the fair value of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant
and subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal
and external market factors. Increases in the trading price of our common stock and increases in fair value during a given financial
quarter result in the application of non-cash derivative expense. Conversely, decreases in the trading price of our common stock
and decreases in fair value during a given financial quarter would result in the application of non-cash derivative income.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no other material changes to the  Critical Accounting Policies 
discussed in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) of
our 2015 10-K.  

Recently
Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements   

See
Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Not
applicable.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ), and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, our management
conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under
the Exchange Act, as they existed on September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to achieve their stated purpose as
of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this report.  

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting     

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
our quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.  

PART
II   

   OTHER
INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings   

We
recently settled pending litigation and disputes with to Urigen, et. al, and with Corwin, Kammer, et. al. These matters and settlements
are more fully described in the footnotes (Note 12) to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We are not aware of any
pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is subject the adverse outcome of which, individually
or in the aggregate, is likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors    

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this Quarterly Report.
Our business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price could be materially adversely affected by any of these
risks. Dollar amounts are express in thousands.   

Risks
Related to Our Business   

We
have incurred losses in every year of our operations, and we may never become profitable.    

We
have incurred losses in every year of our operations, including net losses of $(15,899) and $(10,118) for the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We continue to have losses in the current quarter aggregating $(3,850) and $(12,985) for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, our accumulated deficit was $(70,749). A substantial
amount of the accumulated deficit was the result of our now-abandoned activities to obtain FDA approval of a drug candidate. We
expect to incur increasing operating losses in the foreseeable future for our commercialization activities, research and development
and our pharmacy operations. Although we have been generating some revenue from our pharmacy operations, our ability to generate
significant revenues and achieve profitability will depend on many factors, including those discussed in this  Risk Factors 
section. Our business plan and strategies involve costly activities that are susceptible to failure, and, therefore, we may never
be able to generate sufficient revenue to support our business or reach the level of sales and revenues necessary to achieve and
sustain profitability.  

We
may not receive sufficient revenue to fund our operations and recover our development costs.     

Our
business plan involves the preparation and sale of our proprietary formulations through a network of unified compounding pharmacies
and outsourcing facilities. We have limited experience operating pharmacies and commercializing compounded formulations, and we
may be unable to successfully manage this business or generate sufficient revenue to recover our development costs and operational
expenses. We may have only limited success in marketing and selling our proprietary formulations through our network. Although
we have established and plan to grow our internal sales teams to market and sell our proprietary formulations and other non-proprietary
products through our network, we have limited experience with such activities and may not be able to generate sufficient physician
and patient interest in our formulations to generate significant revenue from sales of these products. In addition, we are substantially
dependent on our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies and other pharmacies or prescription dispensing facilities we acquire or develop
and any pharmacy partners with which we may contract to compound and sell our formulations using our quality standards and specifications,
in a timely manner and sufficient volumes to accommodate the number of prescriptions they receive. Our pharmacies may be unable
to compound our formulations successfully and we may be unable to acquire, build or enter into arrangements with pharmacies or
outsourcing facilities of sufficient size, reputation and quality to implement our business plan, which would cause our business
to suffer.  

We
aim to sell certain of our proprietary formulations primarily through a unified network of compounding pharmacies, but we may
not be successful in our efforts to establish such a network or integrate these businesses into our operations.    

Our
business strategy includes establishing a unified compounding pharmacy network, whether through acquisitions, establishing new
pharmacies or entering into licensing arrangements with third-party pharmacies, to market and sell our proprietary formulations
and other non-proprietary products in all 50 states.  

We
acquired our New Jersey, California, and Pennsylvania compounding pharmacies in April 2014, January 2015, and October 2015, respectively.
In February 2015, we leased space in New Jersey and began construction of a new outsourcing facility to replace our current facility,
which was completed near the end of the third quarter of 2016. We plan to expand our pharmacy operations and personnel and developing
our facilities into a unified compounding pharmacy network. We have begun developing  ImprimisRx  as a uniform brand
for our compounding facilities and plan to bring our compounding facilities under this name. We have limited experience acquiring,
building or operating compounding pharmacies or other prescription dispensing facilities or commercializing our formulations through
ownership of or licensing arrangements with pharmacies. As a result, we may experience difficulties implementing our compounding
pharmacy network strategy, including difficulties that arise as a result of our lack of experience, and we may be unsuccessful.
For instance,  

we
                                         have experienced delays and increased costs in our outsourcing facility construction
                                         efforts;   

we
                                         may not be successful in completing our construction plans on a timely basis or within
                                         budget;   

we
                                         may not be successful in our efforts to integrate, manage or otherwise realize the benefits
                                         we expect from our acquisitions of our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies or any additional
                                         pharmacy businesses or outsourcing facilities we seek to acquire or build in the future;   

we
                                         may not be able to satisfy applicable federal and state licensing and other requirements
                                         for any such pharmacy businesses in a timely manner or at all;   

changes
                                         to federal and state pharmacy regulations may restrict compounding operations or make
                                         them more costly;   

we
                                         may be unable to achieve a sufficient physician and patient customer base to sustain
                                         our pharmacy operations;   

market
                                         acceptance of compounding pharmacies generally may be curtailed or delayed; and   

we
                                         may not be able to enter into licensing or other arrangements with third-party pharmacies
                                         or outsourcing facilities when desired, on acceptable terms or at all.    

Moreover,
all such efforts to expand our pharmacy operations and establish a unified pharmacy network will involve significant costs and
other resources, which we may not be able to afford and may disrupt our other operations and distract management and employees
from the other aspects of our business. As a result, our business could materially suffer if we are unable to further develop
this unified pharmacy network and, even if we are successful, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to recover our costs.  

We
are dependent on market acceptance of compounding pharmacies and compounded formulations, and physicians may be unwilling to prescribe,
and patients may be unwilling to use, our proprietary customizable compounded formulations.    

We
currently distribute our proprietary formulations through compounding pharmacies. Formulations prepared and dispensed by compounding
pharmacies contain FDA-approved ingredients, but are not themselves approved by the FDA. Thus, our formulations have not undergone
the FDA approval process and only limited data, if any, may be available about the safety and efficacy of our formulations for
any particular indication. Certain compounding pharmacies have been subject to widespread negative media coverage in recent years,
and the actions of these pharmacies have resulted in increased scrutiny of compounding pharmacy activities from the FDA and state
governmental agencies. As a result, some physicians may be hesitant to prescribe and some patients may be hesitant to purchase
and use non-FDA approved compounded formulations, particularly when an FDA-approved alternative is available. For other reasons
physicians may be unwilling to prescribe or patients may be unwilling to use our proprietary compounded formulations, including
the following: legal proscriptions on our ability to discuss the efficacy or safety of our formulations with potential users to
the extent applicable data is available; our pharmacy operations are primarily operating on a cash-pay basis and reimbursement
may or may not be available from third-party payors, including the government Medicare and Medicaid programs; and our formulations
are not required to be prepared and are not presently being prepared in a manufacturing facility governed by cGMP requirements.
Any failure by physicians, patients and/or third-party payors to accept and embrace compounded formulations could substantially
limit our market and cause our operations to suffer.  

Our
business is significantly impacted by state and federal statutes and regulations.    

Our
proprietary formulations are comprised of active pharmaceutical ingredients that are components of drugs that have received marketing
approval from the FDA, although our proprietary compounded formulations have not themselves received FDA approval. FDA approval
is not required in order to market and sell our compounded formulations. In the future we may choose to pursue FDA approval to
market and sell certain potential product candidates. The marketing and sale of compounded formulations is subject to and must
comply with extensive state and federal statutes and regulations governing compounding pharmacies. These statutes and regulations
include, among other things, restrictions on compounding for office use or in advance of receiving a patient-specific prescription
or, for outsourcing facilities, requirements regarding preparation, such as regular FDA inspections and cGMP requirements, prohibitions
on compounding drugs that are essentially copies of FDA-approved drugs, limitations on the volume of compounded formulations that
may be sold across state lines, and prohibitions on wholesaling or reselling. These and other restrictions on the activities of
compounding pharmacies and outsourcing facilities may significantly limit the market available for compounded formulations, as
compared to the market available for FDA-approved drugs.  

Our
pharmacy business is impacted by federal and state laws and regulations governing the following: the purchase, distribution, management,
compounding, dispensing, reimbursement, marketing and labeling of prescription drugs and related services; FDA and/or state regulation
affecting the pharmacy and pharmaceutical industries, including state pharmacy licensure and registration or permit standards;
rules and regulations issued pursuant to HIPAA and other state and federal laws related to the use, disclosure and transmission
of health information; and state and federal controlled substance laws. Our failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations
could severely limit or curtail our pharmacy operations, which would materially harm our business and prospects. Further, our
business could be adversely affected by changes in these or any newly enacted laws and regulations, and federal and state agency
interpretations of the statutes and regulations. Statutory or regulatory changes could require us to make changes to our business
model and operations and/or could require us to incur significantly increased costs to comply with such regulations.  

If
we or our partner facilities fail to comply with the Controlled Substances Act, FDCA, or similar state statutes and regulations,
the pharmacy facilities could be required to cease operations or become subject to restrictions that could adversely affect our
business.     

State
pharmacy laws require pharmacy locations in those states to be licensed as an in-state pharmacy to dispense pharmaceuticals. In
addition, state controlled substance laws require registration and compliance with state pharmacy licensure, registration or permit
standards promulgated by the state s pharmacy licensing authority. Pharmacy and controlled substance laws often address
the qualification of an applicant s personnel, the adequacy of its prescription fulfillment and inventory control practices
and the adequacy of its facilities. These laws also subject pharmacies to oversight by state boards of pharmacy and other regulators
that could impose burdensome requirements or restrictions on operations if a pharmacy is found not in compliance with these laws.
We believe that our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies are in material compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. If any
of our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies fail to comply with such requirements, they could be forced to permanently or temporarily
cease or limit their sterile compounding operations, which would severely limit our ability to market and sell our proprietary
formulations and would materially harm our operations and prospects. Any noncompliance could also result in complaints or adverse
actions by other state boards of pharmacy. FDA inspection of a facility to determine compliance with the FDCA, if not successful,
may result in the loss of FDCA exemptions provided under Section 503A, warning letters, injunctions, prosecution, fines and loss
of required government licenses, certifications and approvals, any of which could involve significant costs and could cause us
to be unable to realize the expected benefits of these pharmacies  operations.  

Further,
under federal law, Section 503A of the FDCA seeks to limit the amount of compounded products that a pharmacy can dispense interstate.
The interpretation and enforcement of this provision is dependent on the FDA entering into a standard Memorandum of Understanding
(MOU) with each state setting forth limits on interstate compounding. The current draft standard MOU presented by the FDA in February
2015 would limit interstate shipments of compounded drug units to 30% of all compounded and non-compounded units dispensed or
distributed by the pharmacy per month. The FDA has stated in guidance issued in February 2015 that it will not enforce interstate
restrictions until after it publishes a final standard MOU and has made it available to states for signature for some designated
period of time. If the final standard MOU is not signed by a particular state, then interstate shipments of compounded preparations
from a pharmacy located in that state would be limited to quantities not greater than 5% of total prescription orders dispensed
or distributed by the pharmacy (the 5% rule); however, we are not aware that the FDA currently enforces or has in the past enforced
the 5% rule and, under current draft guidance, the FDA has stated that it will not enforce the 5% rule until a standard MOU has
been made available to states for signature. The FDA has proposed a 180-day period for states to agree to the standard MOU after
the final version is presented, after which it would begin to enforce the 5% rule. Until a final MOU is issued and presented to
states to consider, the extent of interstate dispensing restrictions imposed by Section 503A is unknown. However, if the final
standard MOU contains a 30% limit on interstate distribution or if the FDA begins to enforce the 5% rule, our pharmacy operations
could be materially limited  

There
are many competitive risks related to marketing and selling our proprietary formulations and operating our compounding pharmacy
business.    

The
pharmaceutical and pharmacy industries are highly competitive. We compete against branded drug companies, generic drug companies,
outsourcing facilities and other compounding pharmacies. We are significantly smaller than some of our competitors. Currently
we lack some of the financial and other resources needed to develop, produce, distribute and market our proprietary formulations
at a level to capture a significant market share in these sectors. The drug products available through branded and generic drug
companies with which our formulations compete have been approved for marketing and sale by the FDA and are required to be manufactured
in facilities compliant with cGMP standards. Although we prepare our compounded formulations in accordance with the standards
provided by the United States Pharmacopeia ( USP )  795  and USP  797  and applicable state and federal
law, our proprietary compounded formulations are not required to be, and have not been, approved for marketing and sale by the
FDA. As a result, some physicians may be unwilling to prescribe, and some patients may be unwilling to use, our formulations.
Additionally, under federal and state laws applicable to our current compounding pharmacy operations, we are not permitted to
prepare significant amounts of a specific formulation in advance of a prescription, compound quantities for office use or utilize
a wholesaler for distribution of our formulations; instead, our compounded formulations must be prepared and dispensed in connection
with a physician prescription for an individually identified patient. Pharmaceutical companies, on the other hand, are able to
sell their FDA-approved products to large pharmaceutical wholesalers, which can in turn sell to and supply hospitals and retail
pharmacies. Even if we are successful in registering certain of our facilities as outsourcing facilities, our business may not
be scalable on the scope available to our competitors that produce FDA-approved drugs, which may limit our potential for profitable
operations. These facets of our operations may subject our business to limitations our competitors with FDA-approved drugs may
not face.  

Our
future success depends in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to biotechnology and related
pharmaceutical technologies  .  

Biotechnology
and related pharmaceutical technologies have undergone and continue to be subject to rapid and significant change. Our future
success will depend in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to these technologies. Products
developed by our competitors, including FDA-approved drugs and compounded formulations created by other pharmacies, could render
our products and technologies obsolete or unable to compete. Any products that we develop may become obsolete before we recover
expenses incurred in their development, which may require us to raise additional funds that may or may not be available. The competitive
environment requires an ongoing, extensive search for medical and technological innovations and the ability to develop and market
these innovations effectively, and we may not be competitive with respect to these factors. Other competitive factors include
the safety and efficacy of a product, the size of the market for a product, the timing of market entry relative to competitive
products, the availability of alternative compounded formulations or approved drugs, the price of a product relative to alternative
products, the availability of third-party reimbursement, the success of sales and marketing efforts, brand recognition and the
availability of scientific and technical information about a product. Although we believe we are positioned to compete favorably
with respect to many of these factors, if our proprietary formulations are unable to compete with the products of our competitors,
we may never gain market share or achieve profitability.  

If
a compounded drug formulation provided through our compounding services leads to patient injury or death or results in a product
recall, we may be exposed to significant liabilities and reputational harm.    

The
success of our business, including our proprietary formulations and pharmacy operations, is highly dependent upon medical and
patient perceptions of us and the actual safety and quality of our products. We could be adversely affected if we, any other compounding
pharmacies or our formulations and technologies are subject to negative publicity. We could also be adversely affected if any
of our formulations or other products we sell, any similar products sold by other companies, or any products sold by other compounding
pharmacies prove to be, or are asserted to be, harmful to patients. For instance, if any of the components of approved drugs or
other ingredients used to produce our compounded formulations have quality or other problems that adversely affect the finished
compounded preparations, our sales could be adversely affected. Because of our dependence upon medical and patient perceptions,
adverse publicity associated with illness or other adverse effects resulting from the use or misuse of our products, any similar
products sold by other companies, or any other compounded formulations could have a material adverse impact on our business.  

To
assure compliance with USP guidelines, we have a policy whereby 100% of all sterile compound batches produced by our ImprimisRx
compounding pharmacies are tested prior to their delivery to patients and physicians both in-house and externally by an independent,
FDA-registered laboratory that has represented to us that it operates in compliance with current good laboratory practices. However,
we could still become subject to product recalls and termination or suspension of our state pharmacy licenses if we fail to fully
implement this policy, if the laboratory testing does not identify all contaminated products, or if our products otherwise cause
or appear to have caused injury or harm to patients. In addition, laboratory testing may produce false positives, which could
harm our business and impact our pharmacy operations and licensure even if the impacted formulations are ultimately found to be
sterile and no patients are harmed by them. If adverse events or deaths or a product recall, either voluntarily or as required
by the FDA or a state board of pharmacy, were associated with one of our proprietary formulations or any compounds prepared by
our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies or any pharmacy partner, our reputation could suffer, physicians may be unwilling to prescribe
our proprietary formulations or order any prescriptions from such pharmacies, we could become subject to product and professional
liability lawsuits, and our state pharmacy licenses could be terminated or restricted. If any of these events were to occur, we
may be subject to significant litigation or other costs and loss of revenue, and we may be unable to continue our pharmacy operations
and further develop and commercialize our proprietary formulations.  

We
carry product and professional liability insurance which may be inadequate.    

Although
we have secured product and professional liability insurance for our pharmacy operations and the marketing and sale of our formulations,
our current or future insurance coverage may prove insufficient to cover any liability claims brought against us. Because of the
increasing costs of insurance coverage, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or at a level adequate
to satisfy liabilities that may arise.  

Our
ability to generate revenues will be diminished if we fail to obtain acceptable prices or an adequate level of reimbursement from
third-party payors.    

Currently,
our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies operate on mostly a cash-pay basis and do not submit large amounts of claims for reimbursement
through Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors. As part of our Imprimis Cares initiative, we work with third-party insurers,
pharmacy benefit managers and buying groups to offer patient-specific customizable compounded formulations at accessible prices.
We plan to continue to devote time and other resources to seek reimbursement and patient pay opportunities for these and other
compounded formulations. We have hired pharmacy billers to process certain existing reimbursement opportunities for certain formulations.
However, we may be unsuccessful in achieving these goals, as many third-party payors have imposed significant restrictions on
reimbursement for compounded formulations in recent years. Moreover, third-party payors, including Medicare, are attempting to
contain health care costs by limiting coverage and the level of reimbursement for new drugs and by refusing, in some cases, to
provide coverage for uses of approved products for disease indications for which the FDA has not granted labeling approval. Further,
the Health Reform Law may have a considerable impact on the existing U.S. system for the delivery and financing of health care
and could conceivable have a material effect on our business. As a result, reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid and other third-party
payors may never be available for any of our products or, if available, may not be sufficient to allow us to sell the products
on a competitive basis and at desirable price points. If government and other third-party payors do not provide adequate coverage
and reimbursement levels for our formulations, the market acceptance for our formulations may be limited.  

Additionally,
we are making efforts to normalize the pricing for our currently available proprietary compounded formulations. Any efforts to
attain optimized pricing for our Dropless Therapy or any of our other proprietary formulations could fail, which could make our
products less attractive or unavailable to some patients or could reduce our margins.  

We
may not be able to correctly estimate our future operating expenses, which could lead to cash shortfalls.    

The
estimates of our future operating and capital expenditures are based upon our current business plan, our current operations and
our current expectations regarding the commercialization of our proprietary formulations. Our projections have varied significantly
in the past as a result of changes to our business model and strategy, our termination of efforts to pursue FDA approval of a
product candidate in November 2013, our acquisitions of the ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies and various product development
opportunities in 2014 and 2015, and the expenses in developing our Texas and New Jersey-based pharmacy facilities into outsourcing
facilities and registering them as such with the FDA. We have limited experience operating a pharmacy business and commercializing
compounded formulations, and we may not accurately estimate expenses and potential revenue associated with these activities. If
we are unable to correctly estimate the amount of cash necessary to fund our business, we could spend our available financial
resources much faster than we expect. If we do not have sufficient funds to continue to operate and develop our business, we could
be required to seek additional financing earlier than we expect, which may not be available when needed or at all, or be forced
to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our proposed operations.  

If
we do not successfully identify and acquire rights to potential formulations and successfully integrate them into our operations,
our growth opportunities may be limited.    

We
plan to pursue the development of new proprietary compounded formulations in the ophthalmology, urology, otolaryngology and/or
other therapeutic areas, which may include continued activities to develop and commercialize current assets or, if and as opportunities
arise, potential acquisitions of new intellectual property rights and assets. We also intend to seek opportunities to introduce
new lower-cost compounded formulation alternatives to higher-priced FDA-approved drugs, as part of our Imprimis Cares initiative.
However, we expect our acquisitions of our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies to provide us with only limited research and development
support and access to additional novel compounded formulations. We have historically relied, and we expect to continue to rely,
primarily upon third parties to provide us with additional development opportunities. We may seek to enter into acquisition agreements
or licensing arrangements to obtain rights to develop new formulations in the future, but only if we are able to identify attractive
formulations and negotiate acquisition or license agreements on terms acceptable to us, which we may not be able to do. Moreover,
we have limited resources to acquire additional potential product development assets and integrate them into our business. Acquisition
opportunities may involve competition among several potential purchasers, which could include large multi-national pharmaceutical
companies and other competitors that have access to greater financial resources than we do. If we are unable to obtain rights
to development opportunities from third parties and we are unable to rely upon our ImprimisRx compounding pharmacies and current
and future relationships with pharmacists, physicians and other inventors to provide us with additional development opportunities,
our growth and prospects could be limited.  

Our
product development strategy is to focus on a select few therapeutic areas in which we believe there is broad market potential,
large unmet needs and/or unique value to physicians and patients and to develop and offer formulations within these therapeutic
areas that could afford us with gross margins. However, our expectations and assumptions about market potential and patient needs
may prove to be wrong and we may invest capital and other resources on formulations that do not generate sufficient revenues for
us to recoup our investment.  

We
may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize our proprietary formulations or any other assets we may acquire.     

We
have acquired assets related to compoundable formulations and we have entered into one license agreement for rights to commercialize
a compounding formulation. We are currently pursuing development and commercialization opportunities with respect to certain of
these formulations, and we are in the process of assessing certain of our other assets in order to determine whether to pursue
their development or commercialization. In addition, we expect to consider the acquisition of additional intellectual property
rights or other assets in the future. Once we determine to pursue a potential product candidate, we develop a commercialization
strategy for it, which may include marketing and selling the formulation in compounded form through compounding pharmacies or
outsourcing facilities, or pursuing FDA approval of the product candidate. We may incorrectly assess the risks and benefits of
the commercialization options or we may not pursue a commercialization strategy that proves to be successful. If we are unable
to successfully commercialize one or more of our proprietary formulations, our operating results would be adversely affected.
Even if we are able to successfully sell one or more proprietary formulations, we may never recoup our investment in acquiring
or developing the formulations. Our failure to identify and expend our resources on formulations and technologies with commercial
potential and execute an effective commercialization strategy for each of our formulations would negatively impact the long-term
profitability of our business.  

We
have incurred significant indebtedness, which will require substantial cash to service and which subjects us to certain financial
requirements and business restrictions.     

On
May 11, 2015, we incurred $10,000 of indebtedness under a loan agreement with IMMY Funding LLC (LSAF), an affiliate of Life Sciences
Alternative Funding LLC, and on January 22, 2016, we incurred an additional $3,000 of indebtedness under a convertible note we
issued to LSAF.  

Our
ability to make scheduled payments on our indebtedness depends on our future performance and ability to raise additional capital,
which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If we are unable
to generate sufficient cash to service our debt, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets,
restructuring our debt or obtaining additional capital through equity sales or incurrence of additional debt on terms that may
be onerous or highly dilutive to our stockholders. Our ability to engage in any of these activities would depend on the capital
markets and our financial condition at such time, and we may not be able to do so when needed, on desirable terms or at all, which
could result in a default on our debt obligations. Additionally, our LSAF debt instruments contain various restrictive covenants,
including, among others, our obligation to deliver to LSAF certain financial and other information, our obligation to comply with
certain notice and insurance requirements, and our inability, without LSAF s prior consent, to dispose of certain of our
assets, incur certain additional indebtedness, enter into certain merger, acquisition or change of control transactions, pay certain
dividends or distributions on or repurchase any of our capital stock or incur any lien or other encumbrance on our assets, subject
to certain permitted exceptions. Any failure by us to comply with any of these covenants, subject to certain cure periods, or
to make all payments under the debt instruments when due, would cause us to be in default under the applicable debt instrument.
In the event of any such default, LSAF may be able to foreclose on our assets that secure the debt or declare all borrowed funds,
together with accrued and unpaid interest, immediately due and payable, thereby potentially causing all of our available cash
to be used to pay our indebtedness or forcing us into bankruptcy or liquidation if we do not then have sufficient cash available.
Any such event or occurrence could severely and negatively impact our operations and prospects.  

We
may need additional capital in order to continue operating our business, and such additional funds may not be available when needed,
on acceptable terms, or at all.    

We
only recently started generating cash from operations, but we do not presently receive sufficient revenues to support our operations.
We may need significant additional capital to execute our business plan and fund our proposed business operations. Additionally,
our plans may change or the estimates of our operating expenses and working capital requirements could be inaccurate, we may pursue
acquisitions of pharmacies or other strategic transactions that involve large expenditures, or we may experience growth more quickly
or on a larger scale than we expect, any of which may result in the depletion of capital resources more rapidly than anticipated
and could require us to seek additional financing earlier than we expect to support our operations.  

We
have raised over $26,000 in funds through equity and debt financings since January 2015. We may seek to obtain additional capital
through equity or debt financings, funding from corporate partnerships or licensing arrangements, sales of assets or other financing
transactions. If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities to raise funds, our existing stockholders may experience
substantial dilution, and the newly issued equity or debt securities may have more favorable terms or rights, preferences and
privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements
or sales of assets, we may have to relinquish potentially valuable rights to our product candidates or proprietary technologies,
or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we raise funds by incurring additional debt, we may be required to
pay significant interest expenses and our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization may increase. Obtaining
commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments and may
impose restrictions on our activities, such as the financial and operating covenants included in our loan agreement and convertible
note with LSAF. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing transactions, including investment
banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize
non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as options, convertible notes and warrants, which would
adversely impact our financial results.  

We
have in the past and may in the future participate in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses
and distract our management.     

From
time to time we consider engaging in strategic transactions, such as out-licensing or in-licensing of compounds or technologies,
acquisitions of companies, and asset purchases. We may also consider a variety of different business arrangements in the future,
including strategic partnerships, joint ventures, spin-offs, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations and investments.
In addition, another entity may pursue us or certain of our assets or aspects of our operations as an acquisition target. Any
such transactions may require us to incur expenses specific to the transaction and not incident to our operations, may increase
our near- and long-term expenditures, may pose significant integration challenges, may require us to hire or otherwise engage
personnel with additional expertise, or may result in our selling or licensing of our assets or technologies under terms that
may not prove profitable, any of which could harm our operations and financial results. Such transactions may also entail numerous
other operational and financial risks, including, among others, exposure to unknown liabilities, disruption of our business and
diversion of our management s time and attention in order to develop acquired products, product candidates, technologies
or businesses.  

As
part of our efforts to complete any significant transaction, we would need to expend significant resources to conduct business,
legal and financial due diligence, with the goal of identifying and evaluating material risks involved in the transaction. We
may be unsuccessful in ascertaining or evaluating all the risks and, as a result, we may not realize the expected benefits of
the transaction, whether due to unidentified risks, integration difficulties, regulatory setbacks or other events. We may incur
material liabilities for the past activities of any businesses we partner with or acquire. If any of these events occur, we could
be subject to significant costs and damage to our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.  

If
we are unable to establish, train and maintain an effective sales and marketing infrastructure, we will not be able to commercialize
our product candidates successfully.    

We
have started to build an internal sales and marketing infrastructure to implement our business plan by developing internal sales
teams and education campaigns to market our proprietary formulations. We will need to expend significant resources to further
establish and grow this internal infrastructure and properly train sales personnel with respect to regulatory compliance matters.
We may also choose to engage or enter into other arrangements with third parties to provide sales and marketing services for us
in place of or to supplement our internal commercialization infrastructure. We may not be able to secure sales personnel or relationships
with third-party sales organizations that are adequate in number or expertise to successfully market and sell our proprietary
formulations and pharmacy services. Further, any third-party organizations we may seek to partner with or engage may not be able
to provide sales and marketing services in accordance with our expectations and standards, may be more expensive than we can afford
or may not be available on otherwise acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to establish and maintain compliant and adequate
sales and marketing capabilities, through our own internal infrastructure or third-party services or other arrangements, we may
be unable to sell our formulations or services or generate meaningful revenue.  

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of cybersecurity or other system failures.     

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of any third parties with which we partner are
vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical
failures. While we have not experienced any cybersecurity or system failure, accident or breach to date, if an event were to occur,
it could result in a material disruption of our operations, substantial costs to rectify or correct the failure, if possible,
and potentially violation of HIPAA and other privacy laws applicable to our operations. If any disruption or security breach resulted
in a loss of or damage to our data or applications or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or protected information, we could
incur liability, further development of our proprietary formulations could be delayed, and our pharmacy operations could be disrupted,
subject to restriction or forced to terminate their operations, any of which could severely harm our business and prospects.  

We
depend upon consultants, outside contractors and other third-party service providers for key aspects of our business.    

We
are substantially dependent on consultants and other outside contractors and service providers for key aspects of our business.
For instance, we rely upon pharmacist, physician and research consultants and advisors to provide us with significant assistance
in the evaluation of product development opportunities, and we have engaged or supported, and expect to continue to engage or
support, consultants, advisors, clinical research organizations (CROs) and others to design, conduct, analyze and interpret the
results of any clinical or non-clinical trials or other studies in connection with the research and development of our products.
If any of our consultants or other service providers terminates its engagement with us, or if we are unable to engage highly qualified
replacements as needed on commercially reasonable terms, we may be unable to successfully execute our business plan. We must effectively
manage these third-party service providers to ensure that they successfully carry out their contractual obligations and meet expected
deadlines. However, these third parties often engage in other business activities and may not devote sufficient time and attention
to our activities and we may have only limited contractual rights in connection with the conduct of the activities we have engaged
the service providers to perform. If we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality, timeliness
or accuracy of the services provided by third-party service providers is compromised for any reason, our development activities
may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to commercialize our formulations or advance our business.  

If
we seek FDA approval to market and sell any of our proprietary formulations, we may be unable to demonstrate the necessary safety
and efficacy to obtain such FDA approval.    

Our
current business strategy is focused on developing and commercializing product opportunities as compounded formulations. In the
future we, alone or with project partners, may seek FDA regulatory approval to market and sell one or more of our assets as a
FDA-approved drug. Obtaining FDA approval to market and sell pharmaceutical products is costly, time consuming, uncertain and
subject to unanticipated delays. The FDA or other regulatory agencies may not approve a product candidate on a timely basis or
at all. Before we obtain FDA approval for the sale of any potential product candidates, we will be required to demonstrate through
preclinical studies and clinical trials that it is safe and effective for each intended use, which we may not be able to do. A
failure to demonstrate safety and efficacy of a product candidate to the FDA s satisfaction would result in our failure
to obtain FDA approval. Moreover, even if the FDA were to grant regulatory approval of a product candidate, the approval may be
limited to specific therapeutic areas or limited as to its distribution, which could reduce revenue potential, and we will be
subject to extensive and costly post-approval requirements and oversight with respect to commercialization of the product candidate.  

Delays
in the completion of, or the termination of, any clinical or non-clinical trials for any product candidates for which we may seek
FDA approval could adversely affect our business.    

Clinical
trials are very expensive, time consuming, unpredictable and difficult to design and implement. The results of clinical trials
may be unfavorable, they may continue for several years, and they may take significantly longer to complete and involve significantly
more costs than expected. Delays in the commencement or completion of clinical testing could significantly affect product development
costs and plans with respect to any product candidate for which we seek FDA approval. The commencement and completion of clinical
trials can be delayed and experience difficulties for a number of reasons, including delays and difficulties caused by circumstances
over which we may have no control. For instance, approvals of the scope, design or trial site may not be obtained from the FDA
and other required bodies in a timely manner or at all, agreements with acceptable terms may not be reached in a timely manner
or at all with CROs to conduct the trials, a sufficient number of subjects may not be recruited and enrolled in the trials, and
third-party manufacturers of the materials for use in the trials may encounter delays and problems in the manufacturing process,
including failure to produce materials in sufficient quantities or of an acceptable quality to complete the trials. If we were
to experience delays in the commencement or completion of, or if we were to terminate, any clinical or non-clinical trials we
pursue in the future, the commercial prospects for the applicable product candidates may be limited or eliminated, which may prevent
us from recouping our investment in research and development efforts for the product candidate and would have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  

Even
if we successfully develop any product candidate into an FDA-approved drug, failure to comply with continuing federal and state
regulations could result in the loss of approvals to market the drug.    

Even
if we successfully develop any product candidate into an FDA-approved drug, we will be subject to extensive continuing regulatory
requirements and review, including review of adverse drug experiences and clinical results from any post-marketing tests or continued
actions required as a condition of approval. The manufacturer and manufacturing facilities we use to produce any drug preparations
will be subject to periodic review and inspection by the FDA. We will be reliant on third parties to maintain their manufacturing
processes in compliance with FDA and all other applicable regulatory requirements. Any changes to a product that has been approval,
including the way it is manufactured or promoted, will often require FDA approval again before the product, as modified, may be
marketed and sold. In addition, we and the manufacturers of the drug will be subject to ongoing FDA requirements for submission
of safety and other post-market information. If we or the manufacturers of the drug failed to comply with these or any other applicable
regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may, among other things, issue warning letters, impose civil or criminal penalties,
suspend or withdraw regulatory approval, impose restrictions on our operations, close the facilities of the manufacturers, seize
or detain products or require a product recall.  

Regulatory
review also covers a company s activities in the promotion of its FDA-approved drugs, with significant potential penalties
and restrictions for promotion of a drug for an unapproved use. Sales and marketing programs are under scrutiny for compliance
with various mandated requirements, such as illegal promotions to health care professionals. Failure to comply with these requirements
could expose us to negative publicity, fines and penalties that could harm our business.  

If
we are unable to protect our proprietary rights, we may not be able to prevent others from using our intellectual property, which
may reduce the competitiveness and value of the related assets.    

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for our formulations and technologies and
to prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights. We must also operate without infringing upon patents and
proprietary rights of others, including by obtaining appropriate licenses to patents or other proprietary rights held by third
parties, if necessary. The primary means by which we will be able to protect our formulations and technologies from unauthorized
use by third parties is to obtain valid and enforceable patents that cover them. Currently, we own 26 U.S. patents or patent applications,
including 18 utility and eight provisional patent applications, and we own three international patent applications filed under
the Patent Cooperation Treaty and 19 foreign patent applications. However, the applications we have filed or may file in the future
may never yield patents that protect our inventions and intellectual property assets. Failure to obtain patents that sufficiently
cover our formulations and technologies would limit our protection against other compounding pharmacies and outsourcing facilities,
generic drug manufacturers, pharmaceutical companies and other parties who may seek to copy our products, produce products substantially
similar to ours or use technologies substantially similar to those we own. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant
investments in certain of our proprietary formulations prior to the grant of any patents covering these formulations, and we may
not receive a sufficient return on these investments if patent coverage or other appropriate intellectual property protection
is not obtained and their competitiveness and value decreases.  

The
patent and intellectual property positions of pharmacies and pharmaceutical companies, including ours, are uncertain and involve
complex legal and factual questions. There is no guarantee that we have developed or obtained or will in the future develop or
obtain the rights to products or processes that are patentable, that patents will issue from any pending applications or that
claims allowed will be sufficient to protect the technology we have developed or may in the future develop or to which we have
acquired or may in the future acquire development rights. In addition, we cannot be certain that patents issued to us will not
be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, including by our competitors, or that the rights granted thereunder will
provide competitive advantages to us.  

We
also rely on unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation in order to develop our formulations,
which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, collaborators and others, including
certain service providers. We also have invention or patent assignment agreements with our current employees and certain consultants.
Nonetheless, our employees and consultants may breach these agreements, and we may not have adequate remedies for the breach.
Our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors or could be developed by a person not
bound by an invention assignment agreement with us, in which case we may have no rights to use the applicable invention.  

We
may face additional competition outside of the U.S. as a result of a lack of patent coverage in some territories and differences
in patent prosecution and enforcement laws in foreign counties.     

Filing,
prosecuting, defending and enforcing patents on our proprietary formulations throughout the world is extremely expensive. We do
not currently have patent protection outside of the U.S. that covers any of our proprietary formulations or other assets that
we are currently pursuing. Competitors may use our technologies to develop their own products in jurisdictions where we have not
obtained patent protection.  

Even
if the international patent applications we have filed or may in the future file are issued or approved, it is likely that the
scope of protection provided by such patents would be different from, and possibly less than, the scope provided by corresponding
U.S. patents. As a result, patent rights we are able to obtain may not be sufficient to prevent generic competition. Further,
the extent of our international market opportunity may be dependent upon the enforcement of patent rights in various other countries.
A number of countries in which we could file patent applications have a history of weak enforcement and/or compulsory licensing
of intellectual property rights. Moreover, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries,
do not favor the aggressive enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to
biotechnology and/or pharmaceuticals, which would make it difficult for us to stop a third party from infringing any of our intellectual
property rights. Moreover, attempting to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs
and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business.  

Our
proprietary formulations and technologies could potentially conflict with the rights of others.    

The
preparation or sale of our proprietary formulations and use of our technologies may infringe on the patent or other intellectual
property rights of others. If our products infringe or conflict with the patent or other intellectual property rights of others,
third parties could bring legal actions against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin our manufacturing and marketing of our
affected products. Patent litigation is costly and time consuming and may divert management s attention and our resources.
We may not have sufficient resources to bring any actions to a successful conclusion. If we are not successful in defending against
these legal actions should they arise, we may be subject to monetary liability or be forced to alter our products, cease some
or all of our operations relating to the affected products, or seek to obtain a license in order to continue manufacturing and
marketing the affected products, which may not available on acceptable terms or at all.  

We
are dependent on our Chief Executive Officer, Mark L. Baum, for the continued growth and development of our Company.    

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Mark L. Baum, has played a primary role in creating and developing our current business model. Further,
Mr. Baum has played a primary role in securing much of our material intellectual property rights and related assets, as well as
the means to make and distribute our current products. We are highly dependent on Mr. Baum for the implementation of our business
plan and the future development of our assets and our business, and the loss of Mr. Baum s services and leadership would
likely materially adversely impact our Company. We presently maintain key man insurance for Mr. Baum.  

If
we are unable to attract and retain key personnel and consultants, we may be unable to maintain or expand our business.    

We
have been focusing on building our management, pharmacy, research and development, sales and marketing and other personnel to
pursue our current business model. To achieve our planned growth, we may have significant difficulty attracting and retaining
necessary employees. Because of the specialized nature of our business, the ability to develop products and to compete will remain
highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified pharmacy, scientific, technical and commercial employees and
consultants. There is intense competition for qualified personnel in our industry, and we may be unable to continue to attract
and retain the qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business. The loss of key employees or consultants or
the failure to recruit or engage new employees and consultants could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

Changes
in the healthcare industry that are beyond our control may have an adverse impact on our business.    

The
healthcare industry is changing rapidly as consumers, governments, medical professionals and the pharmaceutical industry examine
ways to broaden medical coverage while controlling the increase in healthcare costs. Such changes could include changes to make
the government s Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement programs more restrictive, which could limit or curtail the potential
for our proprietary formulations to obtain eligibility for reimbursement from such payors, or changes to expand the reach of HIPAA
or other health privacy laws, which could make compliance with these laws more costly and burdensome. Further, the Health Reform
Law may have a considerable impact on the existing U.S. system for the delivery and financing of health care and conceivably could
have a material effect on our business. Any changes to laws and regulations affecting the healthcare industry could impose significant
additional costs on our operations in order to maintain compliance or could otherwise negatively affect our business, operations
or financial performance.  

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock   

Because
of their significant stock ownership, some of our existing stockholders are able to exert control over us and our significant
corporate decisions.    

Our
executive officers and directors collectively own, or have the right to acquire within 60 days after August 12, 2016, approximately
15% of our common stock that would be outstanding following such issuances. In addition, five individual stockholders collectively
own, or have the right to acquire within 60 days after November 11, 2016, an additional approximately 34% of our common stock
that would be outstanding following such issuances. These persons, acting together, have the ability to exercise significant influence
over or control the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and removal of directors
and any significant transaction involving us, and to control our management and affairs. Additionally, since our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws permit our stockholders to act by written consent, a limited number
of stockholders may approve stockholder actions without holding a meeting of stockholders. This concentration of ownership may
harm the market price of our common stock by, among other things: delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our
Company or changes to our board of directors; impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving
our Company; causing us to enter into transactions or agreements that are not in the best interests of all stockholders; or discouraging
a potential acquiror from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company.  

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which
could cause our stock price to fall.     

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial results. If we cannot provide reliable financial results,
our financial statements could be misstated, our reputation may be harmed and the trading price of our common stock could decline.
As we discussed in Item 9A of our 2015 Annual Report, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting
were effective as of December 31, 2015. However, our controls over financial processes and reporting may not continue to be effective
or we may identify material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls in the future. Any failure to remediate
any future material weaknesses or successfully implement required new or improved controls, could harm our operating results,
cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements or other public
disclosures. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which
could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock.  

A
consistently active trading market for shares of our common stock may not be sustained.    

Historically,
trading in our common stock has been sporadic and volatile and our common stock has been  thinly-traded.  There have
been, and may in the future be, extended periods when trading activity in our shares is minimal, as compared to a seasoned issuer
with a large and steady volume of trading activity. The market for our common stock is also characterized by significant price
volatility compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that such volatility may continue. As a result, the trading of relatively
small quantities of shares may disproportionately influence the market price of our common stock. A consistently active and liquid
trading market in our securities may never develop or be sustained.  

Our
stock price may be volatile.    

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many
of which are beyond our control, including the following: our ability to execute our business plan; operating results that fall
below expectations; industry or regulatory developments; investor perception of our industry or our prospects; economic and other
external factors; and the other risk factors discussed in this  Risk Factors  section.  

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated
to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market
price of our common stock.  

We
have the right to issue shares of preferred stock without obtaining stockholder approval. If we were to issue preferred stock,
it may have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of our common stock.    

We
are authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of  blank check  preferred stock, with such rights, preferences and privileges
as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Although we have no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding
and we have no immediate plans to issue shares of preferred stock, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval,
to issue preferred stock at any time in one or more series and to fix the dividend rights, dissolution or liquidation preferences,
redemption prices, conversion rights, voting rights and other rights, preferences and privileges for any series of our preferred
stock that may be issued. The issuance of shares of preferred stock, depending on the rights, preferences and privileges attributable
to the preferred stock, could reduce the voting rights and powers of our common stockholders and the portion of our assets allocated
for distribution to our common stockholders in a liquidation event, and could also result in dilution to the book value per share
of our common stock. The preferred stock could also be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method for raising additional
capital or discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our Company.  

We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any return on an investment will be limited
to any appreciation in the value of our common stock.    

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Any payment of dividends
on our common stock would depend on contractual restrictions, such as those contained in our LSAF loan agreement and convertible
note, as well as our earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors as our board of directors may consider
relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur
if our stock price appreciates.  

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.    

The
sale of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that sales could occur, may cause the
market price of our common stock to fall. Sales could occur upon the expiration of any statutory holding period, such as under
Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, applicable to outstanding shares, upon expiration of any lock-up periods
applicable to outstanding shares, such as those agreed to in connection with our March 2016 public offering, upon our issuance
of shares upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, or upon our issuance of shares pursuant offerings of our equity
securities, such as the pursuant to our March 2016 public offering or our Controlled Equity Offering  sales agreement with
Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. The availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, whether or not sales
have occurred or are occurring, also could make it more difficult for us to raise additional financing through the sale of equity
or equity-related securities in the future when needed, on acceptable terms or at all.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities   

None.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

Not
applicable.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not
applicable.  

Item
5. Other Information   

None.  

Item
6. Exhibits   

Exhibit   
           Number    

Description     

10.1  
       
       Commercial
                                         Lease Agreement dated August 9, 2016 between Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Essex
                                         Capital Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange
                                         Commission on April 11, 2016)  

31.1*   
         
      Certification
    of Mark L. Baum, principal executive officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of
    1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002.    

31.2*   
         
      Certification
    of Andrew R. Boll, principal financial and accounting officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and
    Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1**   
         
      Certification
    pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by Mark
    L. Baum, principal executive officer, and Andrew R. Boll, principal financial and accounting officer.   

101.INS*   
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document   

101.SCH*   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema   

101.CAL*   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   

101.DEF*   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   

101.LAB*   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   

101.PRE*   
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

*  
      Filed
    herewith.   
 
      **  
      Furnished
    herewith.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Imprimis
    Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Mark L. Baum    

Mark
    L. Baum   

Chief
    Executive Officer and Director   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

By:  
       /s/
    Andrew R. Boll    

Andrew
    R. Boll   

Chief
    Financial Officer   (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER  

  SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT  

I,
Mark L. Baum, certify that:  

(1)  
      I
    have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;   

(2)  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

(3)  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

(4)  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in the report any change in this registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

(5)  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
       /s/
    Mark L. Baum    

Mark
    L. Baum   

Chief
    Executive Officer    

Principal
    Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2  

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER UNDER  

  SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT  

I,
Andrew R. Boll, certify that:  

(1)  
      I
    have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;   

(2)  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

(3)  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

(4)  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in the report any change in this registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

(5)  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
       /s/
    Andrew R. Boll    

Andrew
    R. Boll   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
REQUIRED BY   
  SECTION 1350 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned hereby certifies in his capacity as the specified officer
of Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ), that, to the best of his knowledge, the Quarterly Report of the
Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods
presented in the financial statements included in such report.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Mark L. Baum   

Mark
    L. Baum  

Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Andrew R. Boll   

Andrew
    R. Boll  

Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

This
certification accompanies this Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be
deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 immy-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 immy-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 immy-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 immy-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 immy-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 immy-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

