<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1668428_0001571049-16-019678_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1933129</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83820</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>142214</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>259842</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>805105</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>611356</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019678.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109120000
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019678
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CF Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668428
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37779
		FILM NUMBER:		161983273

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123555515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019678.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 t1602597_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(MARK ONE)  

  x              QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the period ended September 30, 2016  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period from                    to  

CF Corporation  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Cayman Islands  
      001-37779  
      N/A   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)  
      (Commission File Number)  
      (IRS Employer Identification No.)   

1701 Village Center Circle, Las Vegas,
Nevada 89134  

 (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  702-323-7331  

Not Applicable  

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)  

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to file such reports), and  (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.   Yes    x   No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x 
No       

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one). 

Large accelerated filer 
         
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer   
      x  
     Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes  x 
No     

As of November 9, 2016, 84,000,000
ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share were issued and outstanding. 

CF CORPORATION  

  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    
 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
     1  

Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from February 26, 2016 (Inception) to September 30, 2016  
     2  

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the period from February 26, 2016 (Inception) to September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
     3  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  
     4  

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     14  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     18  

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
     18  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
     18  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
     19  

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     19  

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     19  

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     19  

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
     19  

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
     19  

Table of Contents    

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

CF CORPORATION  

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

(1) Share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect
the share capitalization of approximately 4.217 shares for each outstanding Class B ordinary share on April 21, 2016 (see Note
1).  

The condensed accompanying unaudited
notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

Table of Contents    

CF CORPORATION  

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

(Unaudited)  

(1) Share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect
the share capitalization of approximately 4.217 shares for each outstanding Class B ordinary share on April 21, 2016 (see Note
1).  

  (2) This number excludes an aggregate of up to 64,042,626
shares subject to possible conversion at September 30, 2016  

The condensed accompanying unaudited
notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

Table of Contents    

CF CORPORATION  

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

  For the period from February 26,
2016 (Inception) to September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

The condensed accompanying unaudited
notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

Table of Contents    

CF CORPORATION  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1 - Description of Organization and Business Operations  

CF Corporation (the
 Company ) is a newly organized blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on February 26, 2016. The
Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination with one or more businesses ( Business Combination ). Although the Company is not limited
to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus
on the financial, technology and services industries in the United States or globally. 

On April 21,
2016, the Company effected a share capitalization of approximately 4.217 shares for each outstanding Class B ordinary share, resulting
in an aggregate of 15,000,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share amounts presented in the financial statements herein
have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. 

All activity from
February 26, 2016 (inception) through September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation, commencement of the initial
public offering ( Initial Public Offering ), forward purchase agreement, and, since the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, the search for a Business Combination candidate described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal
year end. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated
with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

In April 2016, the
Company entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which certain investors ( Anchor Investors ) (including
two affiliates of the Sponsor, as defined below) agreed to purchase an aggregate of 51,000,000 Class A ordinary shares ( forward
purchase shares ), plus an aggregate of 19,083,333 redeemable warrants ( forward purchase warrants ) for $10.00
per Class A ordinary share, for an aggregate purchase price of $510 million, in a private placement to occur concurrently
with the closing of the Business Combination. In connection with the forward purchase agreements, the Company agreed to compensate
the placement agents an aggregate amount of up to $20.675 million, including deferred placement agent fees of $20.4 million and
reimbursement of legal fees of $275,000, payable upon the consummation of the Business Combination (Note 6). As the placements
agents already performed services related to the forward purchase shares and the closing of a Business Combination was deemed probable
by the management, the Company accrued a deferred placement agent fee and reimbursement of legal fees in the accompanying Balance
Sheet. 

The registration
statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on May 19, 2016. The Company consummated the
Initial Public Offering of 60,000,000 units ( Units  and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in
the Units, the  Public Shares ) for $10.00 per Unit on May 25, 2016, generated gross proceeds of $600 million and,
in connection therewith, incurred offering costs of approximately $34.5 million, inclusive of $33 million of underwriting commissions
in connection with the Initial Public Offering. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value per share,
and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share
at a purchase price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, terms and limitations ( Public Warrant(s) ). The Company
paid $12 million of underwriting commissions upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and deferred $21 million of underwriting
commissions until the consummation of its initial Business Combination (Note 4). 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement ( Initial Private Placement )
of 14,000,000 warrants ( Private Placement Warrants ) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant with
the Company s sponsor, CF Capital Growth, LLC ( Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of $14 million (Note 5). 

On June 29, 2016,
the Company consummated the closing of the sale of 9,000,000 additional Units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s
election to fully exercise its over-allotment option ( Over-allotment ), generating additional gross proceeds of $90
million and, in connection therewith, paid additional offering costs of $1.8 million in underwriting commissions. Additional underwriting
commissions of $3.15 million were deferred until the 

Table of Contents    

completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Over-allotment, the Company consummated a private placement
of an additional 1,800,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor (together with the Initial Private Placement, the  Private
Placement ), generating gross proceeds of $1.8 million. 

Upon the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the Over-allotment, and the Private Placement, an amount of $690 million ($10.00 per Unit) from the
net proceeds of the sale was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A, maintained by Continental Stock
Transfer   Trust Company, acting as trustee ( Trust Account ), and is invested in a money market fund selected
by the Company until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in
the Trust Account as described below. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company has approximately $1.1 million in cash held outside of the Trust Account. The Company s management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering, the Over-allotment, and
the Private Placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. The Company s initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together
have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business
Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50%
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended, or the Investment
Company Act. 

The Company will
provide the holders of its Public Shares ( public shareholders ) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of
their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to
approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public
shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
at $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the
Company to pay its tax obligations). As of September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $690 million in its Trust Account.
The per-share amount to be distributed to public shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 4). In such case, the Company will
proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a
Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by the law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote
for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association,
conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the
proposed Business Combination is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business reasons,
the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) and Anchor Investors have agreed to vote their founder
shares (as defined in Note 6) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of such
Business Combination. In addition, the initial shareholders and Anchor Investors have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares and, with respect to our initial shareholders only, Public Shares in connection with the
completion of a Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder,
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a  group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), will be restricted
from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial
Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

Table of Contents    

If the Company is
unable to complete a Business Combination by May 25, 2018 (the  Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem 100% of the outstanding Public Shares which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders  rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board
of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case
to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. 

In connection with
the redemption of 100% of the Company s outstanding Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
prior to the expiration of the Combination Period, each public shareholder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then
in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the
Company to pay the Company s taxes payable (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). 

The Company s
Sponsor, officers and directors (the  initial shareholders ) and Anchor Investors have agreed to waive their liquidation
rights with respect to the founder shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
However, if the initial shareholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held
in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such
event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of
the Company s Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets
remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only $10.00 per share. In order to protect the amounts
held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by third parties,
such as a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company
has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account below $10.00 per share. The
Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent auditors), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. The Sponsor will not be required to indemnify the Trust
Account with respect to any claims by a third party who executed such waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial
Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities
Act ). In addition, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

Note 2 - Basis of presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S.
GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, they do not include
all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
accruals) considered for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the period from February 26, 2016 (inception)
to September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.
For further information, refer to the balance sheet included in the Company s Form 8-K as of May 25, 2016, filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2016. 

Liquidity  

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had approximately $1.1 million in its operating bank account, interest income available to be released to the
Company of approximately $452,000 from the Company s investments in the Trust Account, and working capital of approximately
$351,000. 

Table of Contents    

Through September
30, 2016, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through receipt of a $25,000 capital contribution from the Sponsor
in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares to the Sponsor, $225,733 in loans from the Sponsor, and the proceeds not held
in Trust resulted from the consummation of the Private Placement. 

In order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required ( Working Capital Loans ).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust
Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans will be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
In the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside
the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account may be used to repay the Working
Capital Loans, other than the interest on such proceeds that may be released to fund the Company s tax obligations. Except
for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans will either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post
Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant. Any such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. 

Based on the foregoing,
management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet the Company s needs through
the earlier of consummation of a Business Combination or May 25, 2018. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds
for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective merger or acquisition candidates, performing due diligence
on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring,
negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

Note 3 - Significant Accounting Policies  

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Investments and Cash Equivalents
Held in Trust Account   

The amounts held in
the Trust Account represent substantially all of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and are classified as restricted assets
since such amounts can only be used by the Company in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination. As of September
30, 2016, there was approximately $452,000 of interest income held in the Trust Account available to be released to the Company. 

Concentration of Credit Risk   

Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which,
at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. At September 30, 2016, the Company had not experienced
losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Ordinary shares Subject to Possible Redemption   

The Company accounts
for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 480   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity .  Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any)
are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary
shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary
shares are classified as shareholders  equity. The Company s ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that
are considered to be outside of the Company s control and 

Table of Contents    

subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at redemption value are presented as temporary equity, outside
of the shareholders  equity section of the Company s Balance Sheet. 

Although the Company
did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its Public Shares in an amount
that would cause its net tangible assets (shareholders  equity) to be less than $5,000,001. The Company recognizes changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of
each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock shall be affected by charges against
additional paid-in capital. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, 64,042,626 Class A ordinary shares were classified outside of permanent
equity at their redemption value. 

Offering costs   

Offering costs consisting
principally of legal, accounting, underwriting commissions and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly
related to the Initial Public Offering totaled approximately $39.5 million, inclusive of $24.15 million in deferred underwriting
commissions in connection with the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs were charged to shareholders  equity upon the
completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

In addition, an aggregate
of approximately $20.4 million in deferred placement agent fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related
to the forward purchase agreements were also charged to shareholders  equity upon the issuance of Class B shares to the Anchor
Investors. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share   

Net income (loss)
per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
An aggregate of 64,042,626 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2016 have been excluded
from the calculation of basic income (loss) per ordinary share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata
share of the trust earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering (including
the consummation of the over-allotment) and Private Placement to purchase 50,300,000 shares of the Company s class A ordinary
shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Fair Value Measurements   

Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used
in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active
markets;   

Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly
or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active; and   

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring
an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant
inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

ASC 820,  Fair Value
Measurement and Disclosures , requires all entities to disclose the fair value of financial instruments, both assets and liabilities
for which it is practicable to estimate fair value, and defines fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the
instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. As of September 30, 2016, the recorded values of
cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate the fair values due to the short-term
nature of the instruments. 

Table of Contents    

Recent accounting pronouncements   

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s Balance Sheet. 

Subsequent Events   

The Company evaluates
events that have occurred after the balance sheet date through the date, which these financial statements were issued. 

Note 4 - Initial Public Offering  

On May 25, 2016, the
Company consummated the sale of 60,000,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit in the Initial Public Offering. On June 29, 2016,
the Company consummated the sale of 9,000,000 additional Units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s election to fully
exercise its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Public Share, and one-half of one Public Warrant. No fractional Public
Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. 

The Company incurred
approximately $39.5 million of offering costs in connection with the Initial Public Offering, inclusive of $24.15 million of deferred
underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company
completes a Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred discount. 

Note 5 - Private Placement  

Concurrently with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Over-allotment, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 15,800,000 Private Placement
Warrants at $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of $15.8 million in the aggregate in a private placement.
Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share for $11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants
will expire worthless. 

Note 6 - Related Party Transactions  

Founder shares  

On March 2, 2016,
the Company issued an aggregate of 15,000,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor in exchange for a capital contribution of
$25,000. On April 19, 2016, the Sponsor surrendered 3,750,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Company for no consideration,
which the Company cancelled. The Company then issued 3,750,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Anchor Investors for an aggregate
price of approximately $7,000 in connection with the forward purchase agreements. The Sponsor and the Anchor Investors currently
own 11,250,000 and 3,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, respectively (together, the  founder shares ). The founder shares
will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon the consummation of a Business Combination at a ratio such that the
number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20% of the sum of  (i) the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public
Offering, plus (ii) the sum of  (a) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon
conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or
in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination (including forward purchase shares, but not forward purchase
warrants), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary
shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to
the Sponsor upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, minus (b) the number of Public Shares redeemed by public shareholders in
connection with the initial Business Combination. 

The Sponsor, Chinh
E. Chu and William P. Foley, II have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of 
(a) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination with respect to 50% of 

Table of Contents    

their founder shares, (b) two years after
the completion of the initial Business Combination with respect to the remaining 50% of their founder shares, and (c) the date
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after an initial Business Combination
that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. The Anchor Investors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier
to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the Company completes
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of
the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property
(except to certain permitted transferees). Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of the initial shareholders or Anchor Investors, as applicable, with respect to any founder shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150
days after the initial Business Combination, the founder shares held by investors other than the Sponsor, Chinh E. Chu and William
P. Foley, II will be released from the lock-up. 

Private Placement Warrants  

On May 25, 2016 and
June 29, 2016, the Sponsor purchased from the Company an aggregate of 15,800,000 Private Placement Warrants as described in Note
4. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share. The Private Placement
Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and they will be non-redeemable so
long as they are held by the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their permitted transferees. If the Private
Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their permitted transferees,
the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public
Warrants. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants
and have no net cash settlement provisions. 

If the Company does
not complete a Business Combination, then the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be part of the liquidating
distribution to the public shareholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Due to related parties  

The Company s
Sponsor and other related parties have loaned the Company an aggregate amount of $225,733 to be used for the payment of costs related
to the Initial Public Offering. These borrowings are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. The Company has not yet repaid this amount as of September 30, 2016. 

Administrative service fee  

The Company has agreed,
commencing on May 25, 2016 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation,
to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, and secretarial and administrative services. The
Company recorded $30,000 and $40,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from February 26, 2016
(inception) to September 30, 2016, respectively, in connection to this agreement in the accompanying unaudited condensed Statements
of Operations. 

Note 7 - Commitments   Contingencies  

Registration rights  

The Sponsor is entitled
to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on May 19, 2016 with respect to the founder shares
and Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans). The Sponsor may 

Table of Contents    

make up to three demands, excluding short
form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the Sponsor has  piggy-back  registration rights
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. However, the registration
rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become
effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
filing of any such registration statements. 

Pursuant to the forward
purchase agreements described below, the Company agreed to file within 30 days after the closing of the Business Combination a
registration statement for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying
Class A ordinary shares) and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of  (A) the
date on which the Anchor Investors cease to hold the securities covered thereby, (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby
can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (C) the second anniversary of
the date of effectiveness of such registration statement, subject to certain conditions and limitations set forth in the forward
purchase agreements. 

Underwriting agreement  

The Company granted
the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 9,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering
price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option on June 29,
2016, generating an additional gross proceeds of $90 million. 

The Company paid $0.20
per unit, or $13.8 million in the aggregate, to the underwriters, upon the closing of the Public Offering. $0.35 per unit, or $24.15
million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become
payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Forward purchase agreements  

On April 19, 2016,
the Company entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which the Anchor Investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of
51,000,000 Class A ordinary shares plus an aggregate of 19,083,333 redeemable warrants at $10.00 per Class A ordinary share for
an aggregate purchase price of $510 million, in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of the Business
Combination. In connection with these agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 3,750,000 Class B ordinary shares to such
investors. The shares issued to such investors are subject to similar contractual conditions and restrictions as the founder shares
issued to the Sponsor. The Anchor Investors will have redemption rights with respect to any Public Shares they own. The forward
purchase agreements also provide that the investors are entitled to a right of first offer to with respect to any proposed sale
of additional equity or equity-linked securities by the Company for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of
the Business Combination (other than shares and warrants pursuant to forward purchase agreements) and registration rights with
respect to the shares, warrants and Class A ordinary shares underlying the forward purchase warrants. 

On April 22, 2016,
the Company entered into an agreement with Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated
and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC in connection with the forward purchase agreements described above, to act as placement
agents (the  Placement Agents ) in the related private placement. In connection therewith, the Placement Agents are
entitled to placement agent fees in an aggregate amount of: (i) up to 3.5% of the aggregate proceeds received from the forward
purchase shares (or $17.85 million), contingently payable at the consummation of the Company s Business Combination, (ii)
an additional placement agent fee of 0.5% of the aggregate proceeds received from the sales of the forward purchase agreements
(or $2.55 million) at the Company s sole discretion as determined at the time of the consummation of a Business Combination,
and (iii) reimbursement of reasonable legal counsel fees and expenses up to an aggregate amount of $275,000, which will be paid
upon the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination and December 1, 2017. 

Note 8 - Shareholders  Equity  

Class A ordinary
shares   - The Company is authorized to issue 400,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par 

Table of Contents    

value of $0.0001 per share. Holders
of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2016, there are 69,000,000
Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including 64,042,626 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B ordinary
shares   - The Company is authorized to issue 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share.
Holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of the initial Business
Combination. The ratio at which Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be such that the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20% of the sum of  (i) the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering (including pursuant to the underwriters  over-allotment option), plus (ii) the sum of  (a) the total
number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities
or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination (including forward purchase shares, but not forward purchase warrants), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, minus (b) the number
of Public Shares redeemed by Public Shareholders in connection with the initial Business Combination. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company has 15,000,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Holders of Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders
except as required by law, except that prior to a Business Combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right
to elect the Company s directors. 

Preferred shares  
- The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. At September 30, 2016, there
are no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Warrants  
- The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of  (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination
or (b) May 26, 2017; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available
(or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from
registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business
days, after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement
for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The
Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions
of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such
time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a  cashless basis  in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private
Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally,
the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or such purchasers 
permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial shareholders or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis
as the Public Warrants. 

The Company may call
the Public Warrants for redemption (except with respect to the Private Placement 

Table of Contents    

Warrants): 

in whole and not in part;   

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; and   

if, and only if, the last reported closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00
per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the
Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.   

If the Company calls
the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a cashless basis. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants shares. If the Company is
unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust
Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants
may expire worthless. 

Note 9 - Fair Value Measurements  

The following table
presents information about the Company s assets that are measured on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and indicates
the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques that the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 

Quoted Prices            
      Significant Other            
      Significant Other        

in Active Markets            
      Observable Inputs            
      Unobservable Inputs        
 
      Description       
      (Level
    1)            
      (Level
    2)            
      (Level
    3)        
 
     Investments and cash equivalents held in Trust Account    
     $  690,451,838       

Table of Contents    

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

References to the
 Company,   our,   us  or  we  refer to CF Corporation. The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited
condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may, 
 should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   continue,  or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions.
Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC
filings. 

Overview  

We are a blank check
company incorporated on February 26, 2016 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses.
We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private
Placement of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

In April 2016, we
entered into forward purchase agreements pursuant to which Anchor Investors (including two affiliates of our Sponsor) agreed to
purchase an aggregate of 51,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, plus an aggregate of 19,083,333 redeemable warrants for $10.00 per
Class A ordinary share, or an aggregate purchase price of $510 million, in a private placement to occur concurrently with
the closing of the Business Combination. In connection with the forward purchase agreements, we agreed to compensate the placement
agents an aggregate amount of up to $20.675 million, including deferred placement agent fees of $20.4 million and reimbursement
of legal fees of $275,000, payable upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

On May 25, 2016, we
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 60,000,000 Units at $10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of $600 million and incurring
offering costs of approximately $34.5 million, inclusive of $33 million of underwriting commissions in connection with the Initial
Public Offering. We paid $12 million of underwriting commissions upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and deferred $21
million of underwriting commissions until the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 14,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a
price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant with our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of $14 million. 

On June 29, 2016,
we consummated the sale of 9,000,000 additional Units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s election to fully exercise
its over-allotment option, generating an additional gross proceeds of $90 million and, in connection therewith, we incurred additional
offering cost of $1.8 million in underwriting commissions. Simultaneously with the exercise of the Over-allotment, we consummated
the Private Placement of an additional 1,800,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of $1.8 million.
Additional underwriting commissions of $3.15 million were deferred until the completion of our initial Business Combination. 

Upon the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the Over-allotment, and the Private Placement, $690 million ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale was placed in the Trust Account, and is invested in a money market fund selected by the Company until the earlier of:
(i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) our failure to 

Table of Contents    

consummate a Business Combination by May
25, 2018. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to indemnify the Trust Account if and
to the extent any claims by third parties, such as a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account below
$10.00 per share. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

Our management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the Over-allotment,
and the Private Placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Common stock subject to possible redemption  

We account for our
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 480   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity .  Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any)
are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary
shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary
shares are classified as shareholders  equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption at redemption value are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders  equity section of our Balance
Sheet. 

Although we did not
specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets (shareholder  equity) to be less than $5,000,001. We recognize changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock shall be affected by charges against additional
paid-in capital. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, 64,042,626 Class A ordinary shares were classified outside of permanent equity
at their redemption value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not
believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

Results of Operations  

We have not generated
any revenues to date, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business
Combination. Our entire activity from inception to September 30, 2016 relates to our formation, consummation of the Initial Public
Offering, the forward purchase agreements, and, since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a Business Combination
candidate. Going forward, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after
this period. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, we had net income of approximately $138,000, which consisted solely of operating expenses of approximately
$290,000 and offset by interest income from our Trust Account of $427,000. 

For the period from
February 26, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, we had net losses of approximately $520,000, which consisted solely of operating
expenses of approximately $972,000 and offset by interest income from 

Table of Contents    

our Trust Account of $452,000. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As indicated in the
accompanying financial statements, at September 30, 2016, we had approximately $1.1 million in our operating bank account, approximately
$690 million in cash and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account, interest income available to be released to the Company of
approximately $452,000 from the Company s investments in the Trust Account, and working capital of approximately $351,000. 

Through September
30, 2016, our liquidity needs also have been satisfied through receipt of a $25,000 capital contribution from our Sponsor in exchange
for the issuance of the founder shares to our Sponsor, $225,733 in loans from our Sponsor, and the proceeds not held in Trust resulted
from the consummation of the Private Placement. 

In order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us the funds as may be required ( Working Capital Loans ). If we
complete a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to
us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a
Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans, other than the interest on such
proceeds that may be released to pay our tax obligations. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if
any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to $1,500,000
of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00
per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

Based on the foregoing,
we believe that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the earlier of consummation
of a Business Combination or May 25, 2018. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable,
identifying and evaluating prospective merger or acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses,
paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating
the Business Combination. 

Related Party Transactions  

Founder shares  

On March 2, 2016,
we issued an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares to our Sponsor in exchange for a capital contribution of
$25,000. On April 19, 2016, the Sponsor surrendered 3,750,000 Class B ordinary shares to us for no consideration, which we
cancelled. We then issued 3,750,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Anchor Investors for an aggregate price of approximately $7,000
in connection with the forward purchase agreements. The Sponsor and the Anchor Investors currently own 11,250,000 and 3,750,000
Class B ordinary shares, respectively (together, the  founder shares ). The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares upon the consummation of a Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of 
(i) the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of 
(a) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination (including forward purchase shares, but not forward purchase warrants), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, minus (b) the number
of Public Shares redeemed by public shareholders in connection with the initial Business Combination. 

The Sponsor, Chinh
E. Chu and William P. Foley, II have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of 
(a) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination with respect to 50% of 

Table of Contents    

their founder shares, (b) two years after
the completion of the initial Business Combination with respect to the remaining 50% of their founder shares, and (c) the date
on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after an initial Business Combination that
results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
The Anchor Investors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i)
one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of our shareholders having
the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (except to certain permitted transferees).
Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial shareholders or Anchor Investors,
as applicable, with respect to any founder shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business
Combination, the founder shares held by investors other than the Sponsor, Chinh E. Chu and William P. Foley, II will be released
from the lock-up. 

Private Placement Warrants  

On May 25, 2016 and
June 29, 2016, the Sponsor purchased from us an aggregate of 15,800,000 Private Placement Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until
30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and they will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the
initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held
by someone other than the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement
Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Otherwise, the Private
Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants and have no net cash settlement
provisions. 

If we do not complete
a Business Combination, then the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be part of the liquidating distribution
to the public shareholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Due to related party  

Our Sponsor and other
related parties have loaned us an aggregate amount of $225,733 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public
Offering. These borrowings are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. We have
not yet repaid this amount as of September 30, 2016. 

Administrative service fee  

We have agreed, commencing
on May 25, 2016 through the earlier of our consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay an affiliate of our
Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, and secretarial and administrative services. We recorded $30,000 and $40,000
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the period from February 26, 2016 (inception) to September 30, 2016, respectively,
in connection to this agreement in the accompanying unaudited condensed Statements of Operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30,
2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Contractual Obligations  

We do not have any
long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an administrative agreement
to reimburse the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to the Company in an amount not to
exceed $10,000 per month. Upon completion of a Business 

Table of Contents    

Combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

The underwriters are
entitled to underwriting discounts and commissions of 5.5%, of which 2.0% ($24,150,000) was deferred. The deferred underwriting
discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes an initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriters are not entitled
to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discount. 

JOBS Act  

The JOBS Act contains
provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an  emerging
growth company  and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective
date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards,
and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards
is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply
with public company effective dates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

As of September 30,
2016, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk.  Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering,
the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the trust account, were invested in U.S. government treasury
bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries.
Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this
evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this
report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There was no change
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2016 covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

None. 

Table of Contents    

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

As of the date of this Report, there have
been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus dated May 19, 2016 except we may disclose changes to such
factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds from Registered Securities  

On May 25, 2016, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 60,000,000 Units, with each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par
value $0.0001 per share, and one-half of one warrant to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share. The Units were sold at a price of
$10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $600,000,000. In connection with the Initial Public Offering, the
underwriters were granted an option to purchase up to an additional 9,000,000 Units to cover overallotments, if any. On June 27,
2016, the underwriters exercised their overallotment option in full and, on June 29, 2016, the underwriters purchased 9,000,000
Units at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $90.0 million. 

On June 29, 2016, the Company completed
a private placement with the Sponsor for an additional 1,800,000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds
of approximately $1,800,000. Approximately $690,000,000 of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (including the Over-allotment)
and the private placements with the Sponsor has been deposited in the Trust Account. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6.  Exhibits.  

Table of Contents    

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized on this 9th day of November, 2016. 

CF CORPORATION  

By: 
     /s/ Douglas B. Newton 

Douglas B. Newton 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer, principal accounting 

officer and duly authorized officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602597_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED  

I, Chinh E. Chu, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CF Corporation; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)            Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)            Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)            Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)            Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.         
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)            All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)            Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Chinh E. Chu  

Name: 
     Chinh E. Chu  

Title: 
     Co-Executive Chairman  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602597_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED  

I, Douglas B. Newton, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CF Corporation; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)            Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)            Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)            Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.         
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)            All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)            Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Douglas B. Newton  

Name: 
     Douglas B. Newton  

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1602597_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002)  

I, Chinh E. Chu, Co-Executive Chairman of CF Corporation (the
  Company  ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that,
to the best of my knowledge: 

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Chinh E. Chu  

Name: 
     Chinh E. Chu  

Title: 
     Co-Executive Chairman  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1602597_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002)  

I, Douglas B. Newton, Chief Financial Officer of CF Corporation
(the   Company  ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Douglas B. Newton  

Name: 
     Douglas B. Newton  

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cfcou-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cfcou-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cfcou-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cfcou-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cfcou-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cfcou-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

