<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1611110_0001144204-16-134372_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4940185</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261284</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>391466</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1074989</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1910970</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1200850</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134372.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134372
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDLEY MANAGEMENT INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611110
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36638
		FILM NUMBER:		161996208

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 PARK AVENUE, 6TH FLOOR EAST
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127590777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 PARK AVENUE, 6TH FLOOR EAST
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134372.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451032_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016   

or  

For the transition period from              to                

Commission File Number: 001-36638  

Medley Management Inc.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)  

Delaware  
      47-1130638   

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   
     
          (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

280 Park Avenue, 6 th  Floor East  

  New York, New York 10017  

  (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip
Code)  

(212) 759-0777  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes    x 
    No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x 
    No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No   x  

The number of shares of the registrant s
Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding as of November 14, 2016 was 5,809,130. The number of shares of the
registrant s Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding as of November 14, 2016 was 100.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page   
 
      Part I.  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
     F-1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     F-2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     F-3  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
     F-4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     F-5  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
     F-6  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     1  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     29  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     31  

Part II.  
      OTHER INFORMATION  
     31  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     31  

Item 1A.   
      Risk Factors  
     32  

Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     32  

Item 3. 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     32  

Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     32  

Item 5. 
      Other Information  
     32  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
     32  

Signatures  
     33  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q ( Form 10-Q ) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) that reflect
our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. Forward-looking statements include
all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words
such as  outlook,   believes,   expects,   potential,   may,   should, 
 could,   seeks,   approximately,   predicts,   intends,   plans, 
 estimates,   anticipates  or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking
statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause
actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe these factors include, but
are not limited to, those described under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Annual Report on Form 10-K ) available on the SEC s website at  www.sec.gov ,
which include, but are not limited to, the following: 

difficult market and political conditions may adversely affect our business in many ways, including
by reducing the value or hampering the performance of the investments made by our funds, each of which could materially and adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition;   

we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from funds managed pursuant to advisory agreements
that may be terminated or fund partnership agreements that permit fund investors to remove us as the general partner;   

we may not be able to maintain our current fee structure as a result of industry pressure from
fund investors to reduce fees, which could have an adverse effect on our profit margins and results of operations;   

a change of control of us could result in termination of our investment advisory agreements;   

the historical returns attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of the
future results of our funds or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in our Class A common stock;   

if we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate development opportunities, acquisitions
or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully;   

we depend on third-party distribution sources to market our investment strategies;   

an investment strategy focused primarily on privately held companies presents certain challenges,
including the lack of available information about these companies;   

our funds  investments in investee companies may be risky, and our funds could lose all or
part of their investments;   

prepayments of debt investments by our investee companies could adversely impact our results of
operations;   

our funds  investee companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our funds 
investments in such companies;   

subordinated liens on collateral securing loans that our funds make to their investee companies
may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens and, if there is a default, the value of the collateral
may not be sufficient to repay in full both the first priority creditors and our funds;   

there may be circumstances where our funds  debt investments could be subordinated to claims
of other creditors or our funds could be subject to lender liability claims;   

our funds may not have the resources or ability to make additional investments in our investee
companies;   

economic recessions or downturns could impair our investee companies and harm our operating results;   

a covenant breach by our investee companies may harm our operating results;   

the investment management business is competitive;   

i   

our funds operate in a competitive market for lending that has recently intensified, and competition
may limit our funds  ability to originate or acquire desirable loans and investments and could also affect the yields of
these assets and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition;   

dependence on leverage by certain of our funds and by our funds  investee companies subjects
us to volatility and contractions in the debt financing markets and could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates
of return on those investments;   

some of our funds may invest in companies that are highly leveraged, which may increase the risk
of loss associated with those investments;   

we generally do not control the business operations of our investee companies and, due to the illiquid
nature of our investments, may not be able to dispose of such investments;   

a substantial portion of our investments may be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith
by or under the direction of our respective funds  boards of directors or similar bodies and, as a result, there may be uncertainty
regarding the value of our funds  investments;   

we may need to pay  clawback  obligations if and when they are triggered under the
governing agreements with respect to certain of our funds and SMAs;   

our funds may face risks relating to undiversified investments;   

third-party investors in our private funds may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund
capital calls when requested, which could adversely affect a fund s operations and performance;   

our funds may be forced to dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time;   

hedging strategies may adversely affect the returns on our funds  investments;   

our business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from investors. If we were unable
to raise such capital, we would be unable to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments, which would materially
and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition;   

we depend on our senior management team, senior investment professionals and other key personnel,
and our ability to retain them and attract additional qualified personnel is critical to our success and our growth prospects;   

our failure to appropriately address conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and adversely
affect our business;   

potential conflicts of interest may arise between our Class A common stockholders and our fund
investors;   

rapid growth of our business may be difficult to sustain and may place significant demands on our
administrative, operational and financial resources;   

we may enter into new lines of business and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets
and business, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our business;   

extensive regulation affects our activities, increases the cost of doing business and creates the
potential for significant liabilities and penalties that could adversely affect our business and results of operations;   

failure to comply with  pay to play  regulations implemented by the SEC and certain
states, and changes to the  pay to play  regulatory regimes, could adversely affect our business;   

new or changed laws or regulations governing our funds  operations and changes in the interpretation
thereof could adversely affect our business;   

ii   

present and future business development companies for which we serve as investment adviser are
subject to regulatory complexities that limit the way in which they do business and may subject them to a higher level of regulatory
scrutiny;   

we are subject to risks in using custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents;   

a portion of our revenue and cash flow is variable, which may impact our ability to achieve steady
earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline;   

we may be subject to litigation risks and may face liabilities and damage to our professional reputation
as a result;   

employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain investors and
subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm, and fraud and other deceptive practices
or other misconduct at our investee companies could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm our
business;   

our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to pay
our debts or raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate our business and our ability to react to changes
in the economy or our industry and could divert our cash flow from operations for debt payments;   

our Senior Secured Credit Facilities impose significant operating and financial restrictions on
us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities;   

servicing our indebtedness will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate sufficient
cash depends on many factors, some of which are not within our control;   

despite our current level of indebtedness, we may be able to incur substantially more debt and
enter into other transactions, which could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition;   

operational risks may disrupt our business, result in losses or limit our growth;   

Medley Management Inc. s only material asset is its interest in Medley LLC, and it is accordingly
dependent upon distributions from Medley LLC to pay taxes, make payments under the tax receivable agreement or pay dividends;   

Medley Management Inc. is controlled by our pre-IPO owners, whose interests may differ from those
of our public stockholders;   

Medley Management Inc. will be required to pay exchanging holders of LLC Units for most of the
benefits relating to any additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions that we may claim as a result of the tax basis
step-up we receive in connection with sales or exchanges of LLC Units and related transactions;   

in certain cases, payments under the tax receivable agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly
exceed the actual benefits Medley Management Inc. realizes in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tax receivable agreement;
and   

anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay
acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable.   

These factors should not
be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this Form
10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update
or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required
by law.  

Medley Management Inc.
was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on June 13, 2014, and its sole asset is a controlling equity interest in Medley LLC.
Pursuant to a reorganization into a holding corporation structure (the  Reorganization ) consummated in connection
with Medley Management Inc. s initial public offering ( IPO ), Medley Management Inc. became a holding corporation
and the sole managing member of Medley LLC, operating and controlling all of the business and affairs of Medley LLC and, through
Medley LLC and its subsidiaries, conducts its business. 

iii   

Unless the context suggests
otherwise, references herein to the  Company,   Medley,   we,   us  and  our 
refer to Medley Management Inc., Medley LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

The  pre-IPO owners 
refers to the senior professionals who were the owners of Medley LLC immediately prior to the consummation of Medley Management
Inc. s IPO and subsequent purchase of 6,000,000 newly issued limited liability company units (the  LLC Units )
from Medley LLC, which correspondingly diluted the ownership interests of the pre-IPO owners in Medley LLC and resulted in Medley
Management Inc. s holding a number of LLC Units in Medley LLC equal to the number of shares of Class A common stock it issued
in its IPO. 

Unless the context suggests
otherwise, references herein to: 

AUM  refers to the assets of our funds, which represents the sum of the NAV of such
funds, the drawn and undrawn debt (at the fund level, including amounts subject to restrictions) and uncalled committed capital
(including commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods);   

base management fees  refers to fees we earn for advisory services provided to our
funds, which are generally based on a defined percentage of fee earning AUM or, in certain cases, a percentage of originated assets
in the case of certain of our SMAs;   

BDC  refers to business development company;   

fee earning AUM  refers to the assets under management on which we directly earn base
management fees;   

hurdle rates  refers to the rates above which we earn performance fees, as defined
in the long-dated private funds  and SMAs  applicable investment management or partnership agreements.   

investee company  refers to a company to which one of our funds lends money or in
which one of our funds otherwise makes an investment;   

long-dated private funds  refers to MOF II, MOF III and any other private funds we
may manage in the future;   

management fees  refers to base management fees and Part I incentive fees;   

Medley LLC  refers to Medley LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries;   

MCOF  refers to Medley Credit Opportunity Fund LP;   

MOF II  refers to Medley Opportunity Fund II LP;   

MOF III  refers to Medley Opportunity Fund III LP;   

our funds  refers to the funds, alternative asset companies and other entities and
accounts that are managed or co-managed by us and our affiliates;   

our investors  refers to the investors in our permanent capital vehicles, our private
funds and our SMAs;   

Part I incentive fees  refers to fees that we receive from our permanent capital vehicles,
which are paid in cash quarterly and are driven primarily by net interest income on senior secured loans subject to hurdle rates.
With respect to periods subsequent to January 1, 2016, as it relates to Medley Capital Corporation (NYSE: MCC) ( MCC ),
these fees are subject to netting against realized and unrealized losses;   

Part II incentive fees  refers to fees related to realized capital gains in our permanent
capital vehicles;   

performance fees  refers to incentive allocations in our long-dated private funds
and incentive fees from our SMAs, which are typically 15% or 20% of the total return after a hurdle rate, accrued quarterly, but
paid after the return of all invested capital and in an amount sufficient to achieve the hurdle rate;                                                                                                                  

permanent capital  refers to capital of funds that do not have redemption provisions
or a requirement to return capital to investors upon exiting the investments made with such capital, except as required by applicable
law, which funds currently consist of MCC and Sierra Income Corporation ( SIC ). Such funds may be required, or elect,
to return all or a portion of capital gains and investment income. In certain circumstances, the investment adviser of such a fund
may be removed; and   

SMA  refers to a separately managed account;   

STRF  refers to Sierra Total Return Fund.   

iv   

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Financial Statements  

Medley Management
Inc.  

Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets  

 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

F-  1  

Medley Management Inc.  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
(unaudited)  

 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

F-  2  

Medley Management Inc.  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income (unaudited)  

 (Amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

F-  3  

Medley Management Inc.  

Condensed  C onsolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests (unaudited)  

 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

F-  4  

Medley Management Inc.  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows (unaudited)  
(Amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements 

F-  5  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

1.          ORGANIZATION
AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

Medley Management Inc.
is an asset management firm offering yield solutions to retail and institutional investors. The corporation s national direct
origination franchise provides capital to the middle market in the U.S. Medley Management Inc., through its consolidated subsidiary,
Medley LLC, provides investment management services to permanent capital vehicles, long-dated private funds and separately managed
accounts and serves as the general partner to the private funds, which are generally organized as pass-through entities. Medley
LLC is headquartered in New York City and has an office in San Francisco. 

The Company s business
is currently comprised of only one reportable segment, the investment management segment, and substantially all Company operations
are conducted through this segment. The investment management segment provides investment management services to permanent capital
vehicles, long-dated private funds and separately managed accounts. The Company conducts its investment management business in
the U.S., where substantially all its revenues are generated. 

Initial Public Offering of Medley Management Inc.   

Medley Management Inc.
was incorporated on June 13, 2014 and commenced operations on September 29, 2014 upon the completion of its initial public offering
( IPO ) of its Class A common stock. Medley Management Inc. raised $100.4 million, net of underwriting discount, through
the issuance of 6,000,000 shares of Class A common stock at an offering price to the public of $18.00 per share. Medley Management
Inc. used the offering proceeds to purchase 6,000,000 newly issued LLC Units (defined below) from Medley LLC. Prior to the IPO,
Medley Management Inc. had not engaged in any business or other activities except in connection with its formation and IPO. 

In connection with the
IPO, Medley Management Inc. issued 100 shares of Class B common stock to Medley Group LLC ( Medley Group ), an entity
wholly owned by the pre-IPO members of Medley LLC. For as long as the pre-IPO members and then-current Medley personnel hold at
least 10% of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and LLC Units (defined below) (excluding those LLC Units held
by Medley Management Inc.) then outstanding, the Class B common stock entitles Medley Group to a number of votes that is equal
to 10 times the aggregate number of LLC Units held by all non-managing members of Medley LLC that do not themselves hold shares
of Class B common stock and entitle each other holder of Class B common stock, without regard to the number of shares of Class
B common stock held by such other holder, to a number of votes that is equal to 10 times the number of membership units held by
such holder. The Class B common stock does not participate in dividends and does not have any liquidation rights. 

Medley LLC Reorganization   

In connection with the
IPO, Medley LLC amended and restated its limited liability agreement to modify its capital structure by reclassifying the 23,333,333
interests held by the pre-IPO members into a single new class of units ( LLC Units ). The pre-IPO members also entered
into an exchange agreement under which they (or certain permitted transferees thereof) have the right, subject to the terms of
an exchange agreement, to exchange their LLC Units for shares of Medley Management Inc. s Class A common stock on a one-for-one
basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. In addition, pursuant
to the amended and restated limited liability agreement, Medley Management Inc. became the sole managing member of Medley LLC.  

The pre-IPO owners, are,
subject to limited exceptions, prohibited from transferring any LLC Units held by them or any shares of Class A common stock received
upon exchange of such LLC Units, until the third anniversary of the date of the closing of the IPO without the Company s
consent. Thereafter and prior to the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the closing of the IPO, such holders may not transfer more
than 33 1/3% and 66 2/3%, respectively, of the number of LLC Units held by them, together with the number of any shares of Class
A common stock received by them upon exchange therefor, without the Company s consent. 

F-  6  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles ( GAAP ) and include the accounts of Medley Management Inc., Medley LLC and its consolidated
subsidiaries (collectively,  Medley  or the  Company ). Additionally, the accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements of the Company and related financial information have been prepared pursuant to the requirements for reporting
on Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain disclosures accompanying annual financial statements prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP may be omitted. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial results
included herein contain all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring accruals, considered necessary for the fair presentation
of financial statements for the interim periods included herein. Therefore, this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  Annual Report on Form 10-K ).
The current period s results of operations will not necessarily be indicative of results that ultimately may be achieved
for the full year ending December 31, 2016. 

2.          SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Principles of Consolidation   

In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810,  Consolidation , the Company consolidates those entities where it has a direct
and indirect controlling financial interest based on either a variable interest model or voting interest model. As such, the Company
consolidates entities that the Company concludes are variable interest entities ( VIEs ), for which the Company is
deemed to be the primary beneficiary and entities in which it holds a majority voting interest or has majority ownership and control
over the operational, financial and investing decisions of that entity. 

In February 2015, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810)   Amendments to the Consolidation
Analysis,  which changes the consolidation analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate
certain types of legal entities. The Company elected to early adopt this new guidance using the modified retrospective method effective
January 1, 2015. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2015-02, the Company determined that it is no longer the primary beneficiary
of certain funds it manages. Therefore, the Company deconsolidated certain funds that had been consolidated under previous guidance
effective January 1, 2015. As a result, amounts presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements herein for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015 have been adjusted from amounts previously disclosed for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015 to reflect the adoption of this guidance. Restatement of periods prior to January 1, 2015 was not required.  

For legal entities evaluated
for consolidation, the Company must determine whether the interests that it holds and fees paid to it qualify as a variable interest
in an entity. This includes an evaluation of the management fees and performance fees paid to the Company when acting as a decision
maker or service provider to the entity being evaluated. Under the new guidance, if (a) fees received by the Company are customary
and commensurate with the level of services provided, and (b) the Company does not hold other economic interests in the entity
that would absorb more than an insignificant amount of the expected losses or returns of the entity, the interest that the Company
holds would not be considered a variable interest. The Company factors in all economic interests including proportionate interests
through related parties, to determine if fees are considered a variable interest. Prior to the adoption of the new consolidation
guidance, these fees were considered variable interests by the Company. 

An entity in which the
Company holds a variable interest is a VIE if any one of the following conditions exist: (a) the total equity investment at risk
is not sufficient to permit the legal entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, (b) the
holders of equity investment at risk have the right to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the legal
entity s economic performance, (c) the voting rights of some investors are disproportionate to their obligation to absorb
losses or rights to receive returns from a legal entity. Under the new guidance, for limited partnerships and other similar entities,
non-controlling investors must have substantive rights to either dissolve the fund or remove the general partner ( kick-out
rights ) in order to not qualify as a VIE. 

For those entities that
qualify as a VIE, the primary beneficiary is generally defined as the party who has a controlling financial interest in the VIE.
The Company is generally deemed to have a controlling financial interest if it has (a) the power to direct the activities of a
VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and (b) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits
from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of
a VIE at the time it becomes initially involved with the VIE and reconsiders that conclusion continuously. The primary beneficiary
evaluation is generally performed qualitatively on the basis of all facts and circumstances. However, quantitative information
may also be considered in the analysis, as appropriate. These assessments require judgments. Each entity is assessed for consolidation
on a case-by-case basis.  

For those entities evaluated
under the voting interest model, the Company consolidates the entity if it has a controlling financial interest. The Company has
a controlling financial interest in a voting interest entity ( VOE ) if it owns a majority voting interest in the entity.
Prior to the new guidance, the Company consolidated VOE s where it was the general partner and as such, was presumed to have
control. 

F-  7  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Consolidated Variable Interest Entities   

Medley Management Inc.
is the sole managing member of Medley LLC and, as such, it operates and controls all of the business and affairs of Medley LLC
and, through Medley LLC, conducts its business. Under ASC 810, Medley LLC meets the definition of a VIE because the equity of Medley
LLC is not sufficient to permit activities without additional subordinated financial support. Medley Management Inc. has the obligation
to absorb expected losses that could be significant to Medley LLC and holds 100% of the voting power, therefore Medley Management
Inc. is considered to be the primary beneficiary of Medley LLC. 

As a result, Medley
Management Inc. consolidates the financial results of Medley LLC and its subsidiaries and records a non-controlling interest for
the economic interest in Medley LLC held by the non-managing members. Medley Management Inc. s and the non-managing members 
economic interests in Medley LLC are 19.9% and 80.1%, respectively, as of September 30, 2016 and 20.4% and 79.6%, respectively,
as of December 31, 2015. Net income attributable to the non-controlling interests in Medley LLC on the consolidated statements
of operations represents the portion of earnings attributable to the economic interest in Medley LLC held by its non-managing members.
Non-controlling interests in Medley LLC on the consolidated balance sheets represents the portion of net assets of Medley LLC attributable
to the non-managing members based on total LLC Units of Medley LLC owned by such non-managing members. 

As of September 30, 2016,
Medley LLC has three majority owned subsidiaries, SIC Advisors LLC, Medley Seed Funding I LLC and STRF Advisors LLC, all of which
are consolidated VIEs. Each of these entities was organized as a limited liability company and was legally formed to manage a designated
fund and to isolate business risk. As of September 30, 2016, total assets and total liabilities, after eliminating entries, of
these VIEs reflected in the consolidated balance sheets were an aggregate of $41.2 million and $24.8 million, respectively. As
of December 31, 2015, Medley had only one majority owned subsidiary, SIC Advisors LLC, which was a consolidated VIE. As of December
31, 2015, total assets and total liabilities, after eliminating entries, of this VIE reflected in the consolidated balance sheets
were $31.1 million and $21.2 million, respectively. Except to the extent of the assets of these VIEs that are consolidated, the
holders of the consolidated VIEs  liabilities generally do not have recourse to the Company. 

Seed Investments   

The Company accounts for
seed investments through the application of the voting interest model under ASC 810-10-25-1 through 25-14 and consolidates a seed
investment when the investment advisor holds a controlling interest, which is, in general, 50% or more of the equity in such investment.
For seed investments for which the Company does not hold a controlling interest, the Company accounts for such seed investment
under the equity method of accounting, at its ownership percentage of such seed investment s net asset value. 

Deconsolidated Funds   

Prior to January 1, 2015,
the Company had consolidated Medley Opportunity Fund II LP ( MOF II ) in its consolidated financial statements in accordance
with ASC 810-20 as the Company was the general partner and the limited partners lacked kick out rights or participating rights.
Under the guidance of ASU 2015-02, which the Company adopted effective as of January 1, 2015, the Company reconsidered the consolidation
conclusion for MOF II and, as a result of the new guidance, determined that, although MOF II continues to be a VIE, the Company
is no longer considered to be the primary beneficiary. Therefore, the Company deconsolidated MOF II at January 1, 2015 and records
its investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting.  See Note 3,  Investments.   

Non-Consolidated Variable Interest Entities   

The Company holds interests
in certain VIEs that are not consolidated because the Company is not deemed the primary beneficiary. The Company's interest in
these entities is in the form of insignificant equity interests and fee arrangements. The maximum exposure to loss represents the
potential loss of assets by the Company relating to these non-consolidated entities. 

F-  8  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company recorded investments, at fair value, attributed to these non-consolidated VIEs of $5.4 million, receivables of $1.8
million included as a component of other assets and a clawback obligation of $7.1 million included as a component of accounts payable,
accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The clawback obligation assumes a hypothetical
liquidation of a fund s investments, at their then current fair values and a portion of tax distributions relating to performance
fees which would need to be returned. As of December 31, 2015, the Company recorded investments, at fair value of $5.9 million,
receivables of $0.9 million included as a component of other assets and a clawback obligation of $7.1 million included as a component
of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. As of September
30, 2016, the Company s maximum exposure to losses from these entities is $7.2 million. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Management s estimates are based on historical experience
and other factors, including expectations of future events that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. These
assumptions and estimates also require management to exercise judgment in the process of applying the Company s accounting
policies. Significant estimates and assumptions by management affect the carrying value of investments, performance compensation
payable and certain accrued liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates, and such differences could be material.

Indemnification   

In the normal course of
business, the Company enters into contractual agreements that provide general indemnifications against losses, costs, claims and
liabilities arising from the performance of individual obligations under such agreements. The Company has not experienced any prior
claims or payments pursuant to such agreements. The Company s individual maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown,
as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Company that have not yet occurred. However, based on management s
experience, the Company expects the risk of loss to be remote. 

Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated
Subsidiaries   

Non-controlling interests
in consolidated subsidiaries represent the component of equity in such consolidated entities held by third-parties. These interests
are adjusted for contributions to and distributions from Medley entities and are allocated income from Medley entities based on
their ownership percentages. 

Redeemable non-controlling
interests represents interests of certain third parties that are not mandatorily redeemable but redeemable for cash or other assets
at a fixed or determinable price or a fixed or determinable date, at the option of the holder or upon the occurrence of an event
that is not solely within the control of the issuer. These interests are classified in temporary equity. 

Investments   

Investments include equity
method investments that are not consolidated but over which the Company exerts significant influence. The Company measures the
carrying value of its public non-traded equity method investment at NAV per share. The Company measures the carrying value of its
privately-held equity method investments by recording its share of the underlying income or loss of these entities. 

Unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) resulting from changes in fair value of the equity method investments is reflected as a component of other income
(expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company evaluates its equity method investments for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such investments may not be recoverable. 

The carrying amounts of
equity method investments are reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition. As the underlying
entities that the Company manages and invests in are, for U.S. GAAP purposes, primarily investment companies which reflect their
investments at estimated fair value, the carrying value of the Company s equity method investments in such entities approximates
fair value. The Company evaluates its equity-method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amounts of such investments may not be recoverable. 

F-  9  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Investments also include
available-for-sale securities which consist of investments in publicly traded common stock. The Company measures the carrying value
of its publicly traded investments in available-for-sale securities at the unadjusted closing price as of the valuation date on
the primary market or exchange on which they trade. Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) resulting from changes in fair value
of available-for-sale securities is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, redeemable non-controlling interests and
non-controlling interests in Medley LLC. The cost of investments in available-for-sale securities is determined on a specific identification
basis. Realized gains (losses) and declines in value judged to be other than temporary, if any, are reported in other income (expenses),
net. The Company evaluates its investments in available-for-sale securities for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amounts of such investments may not be recoverable. 

Debt Issuance Costs   

Debt issuance costs represent
direct costs incurred in conjunction with the establishment of credit facilities and debt refinancing. Debt issuance costs, and
the related amortization expense, are adjusted when any prepayments of principal are made to the related outstanding debt. These
costs are amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the term of the related debt. 

Adoption of ASU 2015-03   

In April 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which requires that debt issuance costs be presented
in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.
In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Interest   Imputation of Interest , which updated ASU 2015-03 guidance
to state that the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs relating to a line of credit
arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line of credit
arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line of credit agreement. 

The Company adopted the
new guidance and retrospectively presented debt issuance costs related to its long-term debt as a deduction from the carrying amount
of the associated debt on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company continues
to present debt issuance costs related to its revolving credit facility as an asset on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. This change did not affect the Company s consolidated statements of operations, cash flows
or changes in equity. 

Revenues   

Management Fees  

Medley provides investment
management services to both public and private investment vehicles. Management fees include base management fees, other management
fees, and Part I incentive fees, as described below. 

Base management fees are
calculated based on either (i) the average or ending gross assets balance for the relevant period, (ii) limited partners 
capital commitments to the funds, (iii) invested capital, (iv) NAV or (v) lower of cost or market value of a fund s portfolio
investments. For the private funds, Medley receives base management fees during a specified period of time, which is generally
ten years from the initial closing date. However, such termination date may be earlier in certain limited circumstances or later
if extended for successive one-year periods, typically up to a maximum of two years. Depending upon the contracted terms of the
investment management agreement, management fees are paid either quarterly in advance or quarterly in arrears, and are recognized
as earned over the period the services are provided.  

Certain management agreements
provide for Medley to receive other management fee revenue derived from up front origination fees paid by the portfolio companies
of the funds, as well as separately managed accounts. These fees are recognized when Medley becomes entitled to such fees. 

Certain management agreements
also provide for Medley to receive Part I incentive fee revenue derived from net interest income (excluding gains and losses) above
a hurdle rate. Effective January 1, 2016, as it relates to Medley Capital Corporation ( MCC ), these fees are subject
to netting against realized and unrealized losses. Part I incentive fees are paid quarterly and are recognized as earned over the
period the services are provided. 

F-  10  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Performance Fees  

Performance fees consist
principally of the allocation of profits from certain funds and separately managed accounts, to which Medley provides management
services. Medley is generally entitled to an allocation of income as a performance fee after returning the invested capital plus
a specified preferred return as set forth in each respective agreement. Medley recognizes revenues attributable to performance
fees based upon the amount that would be due pursuant to the respective agreement at each period end as if the funds were terminated
at that date. Accordingly, the amount recognized reflects Medley s share of the gains and losses of the associated funds 
underlying investments measured at their current fair values. Performance fee revenue may include reversals of previously recognized
performance fees due to a decrease in the net income of a particular fund that results in a decrease of cumulative performance
fees earned to date. Since fund return hurdles are cumulative, previously recognized performance fees also may be reversed in a
period of appreciation that is lower than the particular fund s hurdle rate. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
there was no reversal of previously recognized performance fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reversed
$0.4 million of previously recognized performance fees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company reversed
$14.7 million and $18.7 million, respectively, of previously recognized performance fees. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
recognized cumulative performance fees of $6.3 million. 

Performance fees received
in prior periods may be required to be returned by Medley in future periods if the funds  investment performance declines
below certain levels. Each fund is considered separately in this regard and, for a given fund, performance fees can never be negative
over the life of a fund. If upon a hypothetical liquidation of a fund s investments, at their then current fair values, previously
recognized and distributed performance fees would be required to be returned, a liability is established for the potential clawback
obligation. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not received any performance fee distributions, except for tax distributions
related to the Company s allocation of net income, which included an allocation of performance fees. Pursuant to the organizational
documents of each respective fund, a portion of these tax distributions is subject to clawback. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had accrued $7.1 million for clawback obligations that would need to be paid if the funds were liquidated at fair value as of the
end of the reporting period. The Company s actual obligation, however, would not become payable or realized until the end
of a fund s life. 

Other Revenues and Fees  

Medley provides administrative
services to certain affiliated funds and is reimbursed for direct and allocated expenses incurred in providing such administrative
services, as set forth in the respective agreement. These fees are recognized as revenue in the period administrative services
are rendered. 

Performance Fee Compensation   

Medley has issued profit
interests in certain subsidiaries to select employees. These profit-sharing arrangements are accounted for under ASC 710,  Compensation   General, 
which requires compensation expense to be measured at fair value at the grant date and expensed over the vesting period, which
is usually the period over which the service is provided. The fair value of the profit interests are re-measured at each balance
sheet date and adjusted for changes in estimates of cash flows and vesting percentages. The impact of such changes is recorded
in the consolidated statements of operations as an increase or decrease to performance fee compensation.  

Stock-based Compensation   

The Company accounts for
stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . Under the fair value recognition
provision of this guidance, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and
is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. 

Stock-based compensation
expense recognized for the periods presented is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and have been reduced for estimated
forfeitures. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods
if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The effect of such change in estimated forfeitures is recognized through a cumulative
catch-up adjustment that is included in the period of the change in estimate. 

The value of the portion
of the award that is ultimately expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period is included within
compensation and benefits on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for
income taxes using the asset and liability approach, which requires the recognition of tax benefits or expenses for temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. The Company also recognizes a tax benefit from uncertain tax
positions only if it is  more likely than not  that the position is sustainable based on its technical merits. The
Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions and other tax matters as a component of
income tax expense. For interim periods, the Company accounts for income taxes based on its estimate of the effective tax rate
for the year. Discrete items and changes in its estimate of the annual effective tax rate are recorded in the period they occur. 

F-  11  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Medley Management Inc.
is subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income taxes on its allocable portion of the income of Medley LLC at prevailing
corporate tax rates, which are reflected in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements.  Medley LLC and
its subsidiaries are not subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes since all income, gains and losses are passed
through to its members. However, Medley LLC and its subsidiaries are subject to New York City s unincorporated business tax,
which is included in the Company s provision for income taxes. 

The Company analyzes its
tax filing positions in all of the U.S. federal, state and local tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns,
as well as for all open tax years in these jurisdictions. If, based on this analysis, the Company determines that uncertainties
in tax positions exist, a liability is established. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

In May 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (Topic 606) , which provides that an entity should recognize revenue
to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for such goods or services. To achieve this core principle, an entity should apply the following
steps: (1) identify the contracts with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contracts, (3) determine the
transaction prices, (4) allocate the transaction prices to the performance obligations in the contracts, and (5) recognize revenue
when, or as, the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The guidance also requires advanced disclosures regarding the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity s contracts with customers. In March 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
Revenue Gross versus Net) , which clarified the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing ,
which clarified the implementation guidance regarding performance obligations and licensing arrangements. The new standard will
become effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, with early application permitted to the effective date of January 1, 2017.
The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial
reporting.    

In April 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which requires that debt issuance costs be presented
in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.
Under previous accounting standards, such costs were reflected as an asset on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Amortization
of the costs continues to be reported as interest expense. The Company implemented the provisions of ASU 2015-03 as of January
1, 2016. As a result of the adoption, $1.7 million of debt issuance costs were reclassified from other assets to debt obligations
as of December 31, 2015. 

In January 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ,
which requires that all equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting) be measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. This guidance eliminates the available-for-sale classification for equity
securities with readily determinable fair values. However, companies may elect to measure equity investments that do not have readily
determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly
transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 31, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . This guidance requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from
a lease for both financing and operating leases, along with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-09,  Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . This guidance
simplifies and improves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

F-  12  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

In August 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) . This guidance intends to reduce the diversity in practice of how
certain cash receipts and cash payments are classified on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this
standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

The Company does not believe
any other recently issued, but not yet effective, revisions to authoritative guidance will have a material effect on its consolidated
balance sheets, results of operations or cash flows. 

3.          INVESTMENTS  

The components of investments
are as follows: 

Equity Method Investments   

Medley measures the carrying
value of its public non-traded equity method investments at NAV per share. Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) resulting from
changes in NAV per share of the equity method investments is reflected as a component of other income (expense) in the consolidated
statements of operations. The carrying value of the Company s privately-held equity method investments is determined based
on the amounts invested by the Company, adjusted for the equity in earnings or losses of the investee allocated based on the respective
underlying agreements, less distributions received. 

The Company evaluates its
equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such
investments may not be recoverable. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company assessed that the liquidation
value of its investment in CK Pearl Fund was below its carrying value and, that such decline led to an other than temporary impairment.
As a result, the Company recorded a $0.5 million loss on its investment in CK Pearl Fund which is included as a component of other
income (expenses), net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. There were no impairment losses recorded during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 or during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company s carrying value of its equity method investments was $15.2 million and $16.4 million,
respectively. Included in this balance was $9.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 from the Company s
investment in publicly-held Sierra Income Corporation ( SIC ). The remaining balance as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 relates primarily to the Company s investments in CK Pearl Fund, MOF II and Medley Opportunity Fund III LP ( MOF
III ). 

Available-For-Sale Securities   

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company s carrying value of its available-for-sale securities was $9.1 million and consisted of 1,194,547 shares of publicly
traded common stock. The Company measures the carrying value of its publicly traded investments in available-for-sale securities
at the unadjusted closing price as of the valuation date on the primary market or exchange on which they trade. As of September
30, 2016, the Company recorded less than $0.1 million of cumulative unrealized gains in accumulated other comprehensive income
and $0.2 million of cumulative unrealized gains in redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests in Medley
LLC. There were no impairment charges recorded related to the Company s investments in available-for-sale securities during
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

F-  13  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

4.           FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company follows ASC
820 for measuring the fair value of investments in available-for-sale securities. Fair value is the price that would be received
from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters, or derived from such prices or parameters.
Where observable prices or inputs are not available, valuation models are applied. These valuation models involve some level of
management estimation and judgement, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the instruments or market and
the instruments  complexity. Financial instruments recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements are categorized
for disclosure purposes based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs to the valuation of the investment as of the
measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level I   Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
at the measurement date.   

Level II   Valuations based on inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included
in Level I, which are either directly or indirectly observable at the measurement date. This category includes quoted prices for
similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets including bids from third parties for privately held assets or liabilities,
and observable inputs other than quoted prices such as yield curves and forward currency rates that are entered directly into valuation
models to determine the value of derivatives or other assets or liabilities.   

Level III   Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and where there is little, if
any, market activity at the measurement date. The inputs for the determination of fair value may require significant management
judgment or estimation and is based upon management s assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in
pricing the assets and liabilities. These investments include debt and equity investments in private companies or assets valued
using the market or income approach and may involve pricing models whose inputs require significant judgment or estimation because
of the absence of any meaningful current market data for identical or similar investments. The inputs in these valuations may include,
but are not limited to, capitalization and discount rates, beta and EBITDA multiples. The information may also include pricing
information or broker quotes that include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction.
The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and-or quotes accompanied by disclaimer would result in classification as Level III
information, assuming no additional corroborating evidence.   

When determining the fair
value of publicly traded equity securities, the Company uses the unadjusted closing price as of the valuation date on the primary
market or exchange on which they trade. The Company s investments in available-for-sale securities are categorized as Level
I. As of September 30, 2016, there were no financial instruments classified as Level II or Level III. 

A review of fair value
hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a reclassification
for certain financials assets or liabilities. Reclassifications impacting all levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported as
transfers in or out of Level I, II or III category as of the beginning of the quarter in the reclassifications occur. There were
no transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

F-  14  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

5.           OTHER ASSETS  

The components of other
assets are as follows: 

6.          LOANS
PAYABLE  

The Company s loans payable consist of
the following: 

Credit Suisse Term Loan Facility   

On August 14, 2014, the
Company entered into a $110.0 million senior secured term loan credit facility (as amended,  Term Loan Facility ) with
Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder, Credit Suisse Securities (USA)
LLC, as bookrunner and lead arranger, and the lenders from time-to-time party thereto, which will mature on June 15, 2019. 

On May 3, 2016, the Term
Loan Facility was amended to permit the issuance of additional indebtedness by the Company with proceeds of such indebtedness to
be used to prepay loans outstanding under the Term Loan Facility. The amendment also provided for the creation and funding of certain
future funds, as well as for certain other technical changes to the Term Loan Facility. 

Borrowings under the Term
Loan Facility, bear interest, at the borrower s option, at a rate equal to either a Eurodollar margin over an adjusted LIBOR
(with a  floor  of 1.0%) or a base rate margin over an adjusted base rate determined by reference to the highest of
(i) the term loan administrative agent s prime rate; (ii) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day plus 0.5%;
and (iii) an adjusted LIBOR plus 1.0%. The applicable margins for the Term Loan Facility are 5.5%, in the case of Eurodollar loans
and 4.5%, in the case of adjusted base rate loans. Outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bore interest at a rate
of 6.5% as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. In addition, the Term Loan Facility also provides the borrower with the
option to raise incremental credit facilities (including an uncommitted incremental facility that provides the borrower the option
to increase the amount available under the Term Loan Credit Facility by an aggregate of up to $15.0 million, subject to additional
increases, provided that the net leverage ratio as of the last day of any four-fiscal quarter period, commencing with the four-fiscal
quarter period ending December 31, 2014, shall not exceed 2.0 to 1.0). Borrowings are collateralized by substantially all of the
equity interests in Medley LLC s wholly owned subsidiaries. 

F-  15  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

The Term Loan Facility
requires principal repayments in quarterly installments equal to $1.4 million (which amount may be adjusted as a result of prepayment
or incremental term loans drawn), with the remaining amount payable at maturity. The Company can also make voluntary repayments,
without penalty, at any time prior to August 14, 2016, not to exceed $33.0 million in the aggregate. As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, outstanding borrowings under this facility were $69.8 million and $92.5 million, respectively, which is reflected
net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of $1.7 million and $2.5 million, respectively. Debt issuance costs and the
discount under the term loans are being accreted, using the effective interest method, over the term of the notes. Total interest
expense under this Term Loan Facility, including accretion of the note discount and amortization of debt issuance costs, was $1.8
million and $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $5.3 million for each of the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The fair value of the outstanding balance of Term Loan Facility approximated
its par value as of September 30, 2016. 

In August 2016, the Company
voluntarily prepaid $23.5 million of outstanding term loans under this facility using the net proceeds from the offering of Senior
Unsecured Debt (described in Note 7). The $23.5 million prepayment was applied against the remaining quarterly installments and
a portion of the Term Loan Facility payable at maturity. 

The Term Loan Facility
also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a Maximum Net Leverage Ratio of not greater than 3.5 to
1.0, with which the Company is compliant. This ratio is calculated on a trailing twelve months basis and is the ratio of Total
Net Debt, as defined, to Core EBITDA, as defined, and is calculated using the Company s financial results and includes the
adjustments made to calculate Core EBITDA. Non-compliance with any of the financial or non-financial covenants without cure or
waiver would constitute an event of default under the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility also contains other customary
events of default, including defaults based on events of bankruptcy and insolvency, dissolution, nonpayment of principal, interest
or fees when due, breach of specified covenants, change in control and material inaccuracy of representations and warranties. There
were no events of default under the Term Loan Facility as of September 30, 2016.  

CNB Credit Agreement   

On August 19, 2014, the
Company entered into a $15.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with City National Bank (as amended, the  Revolving
Credit Facility ). On May 3, 2016, the Revolving Credit Facility was amended to permit issuance of additional indebtedness
by the Company. The amendment also provided for the creation and funding of certain future funds, as well as for certain other
technical changes to the Revolving Credit Facility. The Company intends to use any proceeds from borrowings under the Revolving
Credit Facility for general corporate purposes, including funding of its working capital needs. Borrowings under the Revolving
Credit Facility bear interest at the option of the Company, either (i) at an Alternate Base Rate, as defined, plus an applicable
margin not to exceed 3.25% or (ii) at an Adjusted LIBOR plus an applicable margin not to exceed 4.0%. As of and during the periods
ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no amounts drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

The Revolving Credit Facility
also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a Maximum Net Leverage Ratio of not greater than 3.5 to
1.0, with which the Company is compliant. This ratio is calculated on a trailing twelve months basis and is the ratio of Total
Net Debt, as defined, to Core EBITDA, as defined, and is calculated using the Company s financial results and includes the
adjustments made to calculate Core EBITDA. Non-compliance with any of the financial or non-financial covenants without cure or
waiver would constitute an event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility also contains other
customary events of default, including defaults based on events of bankruptcy and insolvency, dissolution, nonpayment of principal,
interest or fees when due, breach of specified covenants, change in control and material inaccuracy of representations and warranties.
There were no events of default under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016.  

F-  16  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Non-Recourse Promissory Notes    

In April 2012, the Company
borrowed $10.0 million under two non-recourse promissory notes. Proceeds from the borrowings were used to purchase 1,108,033 shares
of common stock of SIC, which were pledged as collateral for the obligations. Interest on the notes is paid monthly and is equal
to the dividends received by the Company related to the pledged shares. The Company may prepay the notes in whole or in part at
any time without penalty and the lenders may call the notes if certain conditions are met. The notes are scheduled to mature in
March 2019. The proceeds from the notes were recorded net of issuance costs of $3.8 million and are being accreted, using the effective
interest method, over the term of the non-recourse promissory notes. Total interest expense under these non-recourse promissory
notes, including accretion of the note discount, was $0.4 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
and $1.1 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The fair value of the outstanding balance of the
notes was $10.2 million and $10.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

In March 2014, the Company
issued a promissory note in the amount of $2.5 million to a former Medley member in connection with the purchase of his membership
interests. The promissory note carries no interest, has quarterly amortization payments of $0.3 million, and matured in March 2016.
As of December 31, 2015, the balance under this note was $0.3 million. 

Contractual Maturities of Loans Payable   

As of September 30, 2016,
$81.5 million of future principal payments will be due, relating to the loans payable, during the year ended December 31, 2019.
There are no other future principal payments due under the loans payable. 

7.          SENIOR
UNSECURED DEBT  

On August 9, 2016, Medley
LLC completed a registered public offering of $25.0 million of an aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior notes due 2026 (the
 Senior Unsecured Debt ) at a public offering price of 100% of the principal amount. The notes mature on August 15,
2026 and interest is payable quarterly commencing on November 15, 2016. The Senior Unsecured Debt is subject to redemption in whole
or in part at any time or from time to time, at the option of the Company, on or after August 15, 2019 at a redemption price per
security equal to 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest payments. The Senior Unsecured
Debt is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades thereon under the trading symbol  MDLX.  As of September 30,
2016, the outstanding debt under the Senior Unsecured Debt was $23.4 million, which is reflected net of debt issuance costs of
$1.6 million. Debt issuance costs under the Senior Unsecured Debt are being accreted, using the effective interest method, over
the term of the Senior Unsecured Debt. Total interest expense under the Senior Unsecured Debt, including amortization of debt issuance
costs, was $0.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Unsecured
Debt were used to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility. The fair value of the outstanding
balance of Senior Unsecured Debt was $24.6 million as of September 30, 2016. 

8.          ACCOUNTS
PAYABLE, ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES  

The components of accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities are as follows: 

F-  17  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

9.          COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES   

Operating Leases  

Medley leases office space
in New York City and San Francisco under non-cancelable lease agreements that expire at various times through September 2023. Rent
expense was $0.6 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $1.9 million for each of the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Future minimum rental payments
under non-cancelable leases are as follows as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Capital Commitments to Funds  

As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company had aggregate unfunded commitments of $0.6 million and $0.3 million, respectively, to certain
long-dated private funds. 

Other Commitments  

In April 2012, the Company
entered into an obligation to pay a fixed percentage of management and incentive fees received by the Company from SIC. The agreement
was entered into contemporaneously with the $10 million non-recourse promissory notes that were issued to the same parties (Note
6). The two transactions were deemed to be related freestanding contracts and the $10 million of loan proceeds were allocated to
the contracts using their relative fair values. At inception, the Company recognized an obligation of $4.4 million representing
the present value of the future cash flows expected to be paid under this agreement. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, this obligation amounted to $7.2 million and $6.8 million, respectively, and is recorded as revenue share payable, a component
of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The change in the estimated cash
flows for this obligation is recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Legal Proceedings   

MCC Advisors LLC was named
as a defendant in a lawsuit on May 29, 2015, by Moshe Barkat and Modern VideoFilm Holdings, LLC ( MVF Holdings ) against
MCC, MOF II, MCC Advisors LLC, Deloitte Transactions and Business Analytics LLP A/K/A Deloitte ERG ( Deloitte ), Scott
Avila ( Avila ), Charles Sweet, and Modern VideoFilm, Inc. ( MVF ). The lawsuit is pending in the California
Superior Court, Los Angeles County, Central District, as Case No. BC 583437. The lawsuit was filed after MCC, as agent for the
lender group, exercised remedies following a series of defaults by MVF and MVF Holdings on a secured loan with an outstanding balance
at the time in excess of $65 million. The lawsuit sought damages in excess of $100 million. Deloitte and Avila have settled the
claims against them in exchange for payment of $1.5 million. Following a separate lawsuit by Mr. Barkat against MVF s D O
insurance carrier, the carrier, Charles Sweet and MVF have settled the claims against them. On June 6, 2016, the court granted
the defendants  demurrers on several counts and dismissed Mr. Barkat s claims except with respect to his claim for
intentional interference with contract. MCC and the other defendants continue to dispute the remaining allegations and are vigorously
defending the lawsuit while pursuing affirmative counterclaims against Mr. Barkat and MVF Holdings. On August 29, 2016, MVF Holdings
filed another lawsuit in the California Superior Court, Los Angeles County, Central District, as Case No. BC 631888 (the  Derivative
Action ), naming Medley as a defendant, among others. In the Derivative Action, MVF Holdings reasserts substantially the
same claims that were previously asserted in each of their three prior complaints. MVF Holdings claims for breach of fiduciary
duty and related causes of action have already been dismissed by the California Superior Court on several occasions, most recently,
on June 6, 2016, when the Court dismissed those claims with prejudice. Medley and the other defendants believe the outstanding
claims for alleged interference with Mr. Barkat s employment contract, and the other causes of action asserted in the Derivative
Action are without merit and all defendants intend to continue to assert a vigorous defense. 

F-  18  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

CK Pearl Fund, Ltd.
and CK Pearl Fund, LP v. Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass
  Company (Cayman); Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass
  Company (Cayman) v. Medley Capital LLC , filed on September 19, 2016, in the Superior Court of New Jersey Law Division:
Essex County, as Docket No. L-5196-15. On September 28, 2016, Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein
Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass   Company (Cayman); Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A. (the  Rothstein
Companies ) notified Medley Capital LLC that they had filed a Third-Party Complaint naming Medley Capital LLC as an additional
defendant in the pending lawsuit between CK Pearl Fund, Ltd. and CK Pearl Fund, LP (the  CK Pearl Funds ) and the Rothstein
Companies. The CK Pearl Funds  lawsuit against Rothstein Kass was commenced on July 23, 2015. Medley Capital LLC was not
named as a defendant in the CK Pearl Funds  lawsuit. In their First Amended Complaint, the CK Pearl Funds alleged that the
Rothstein Companies failed to exercise reasonable care and diligence in conducting audits of the CK Pearl Funds  financial
statements from 2008 to 2013. More specifically, the CK Pearl Funds allege that asset valuations prepared by independent third-party
valuation firms and Medley Capital LLC were overstated and the Rothstein Kass Companies should not have issued audit opinions stating
that the CK Pearl Funds  financial statements were fairly presented. The CK Pearl Funds alleged that, as a result, they paid
Medley Capital LLC greater management fees than were otherwise due and that the CK Pearl Funds lost money on follow-on investments
that they otherwise would not have made. The CK Pearl Funds  complaint seeks damages in excess of $125 million. From 2007
through 2014, the CK Pearl Funds were named Medley Opportunity Fund Ltd and Medley Opportunity Fund LP and Medley Capital LLC acted
as investment manager to the CK Pearl Funds. On September 19, 2016, the Rothstein Companies filed an answer denying the CK Pearl
Funds  allegations and a cross-complaint against the CK Pearl Funds and a third-party complaint against Medley Capital LLC.
The complaints filed by the Rothstein Companies allege that the CK Pearl Funds and/or Medley Capital LLC were responsible for valuations
and, if any financial statements or any valuations were overstated, the CK Pearl Funds and/or Medley Capital LLC, not the Rothstein
Companies, were responsible. Medley Capital LLC is demanding indemnification pursuant to its contractual agreements with the CK
Pearl Funds and contribution from both the CK Pearl Funds and their independent directors with respect to the claims asserted by
the Rothstein Companies. Medley Capital LLC disputes the allegations and intends to defend the case vigorously. 

From time to time, the
Company is involved in litigation and legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of its business. The Company believes
that it is not presently a party to any such matters that would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results
of operations, or cash flows. 

10.         RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Substantially all of Medley s
revenue is earned through agreements with its consolidated and non-consolidated funds for which it collects management and performance
fees for providing investment and management services. 

In June 2012, Medley entered
into an Expense Support and Reimbursement Agreement ( ESA ) with SIC. Under the ESA, until December 31, 2016, unless
extended, Medley will pay up to 100% of SIC s operating expenses in order for SIC to achieve a reasonable level of expenses
relative to its investment income. Pursuant to the ESA, SIC has a conditional obligation to reimburse Medley for any amounts they
funded under the ESA if, within three years of the date on which Medley funded such amounts, SIC meets certain financial levels.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Medley recorded $5.3 million and $16.1 million, respectively, for ESA expenses
under this agreement. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, Medley recorded $1.1 million ESA reimbursement under this
agreement. For the nine months ended September 30 2015, Medley recorded $3.1 million for ESA expenses under this agreement. The
ESA expenses and reimbursement are recorded within general, administrative, and other expense in the consolidated statements of
operations. Medley recorded a liability of $9.4 million and $7.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively,
for ESA expenses related to this agreement. These amounts are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities
as due to affiliates on the consolidated balance sheets. 

F-  19  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

In January 2011, Medley
entered into an administration agreement with MCC (the  MCC Admin Agreement ), whereby Medley agreed to provide administrative
services necessary for the operations of MCC. MCC agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses incurred in providing such administrative
services, including an allocable portion of Medley s overhead expenses and an allocable portion of the cost of MCC s
officers and their respective staffs. Medley records these administrative fees as revenue in the period when the services are provided
and are included in other revenues and fees on the consolidated statement of operations. For each of the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $1.0 million of revenue related to the MCC Admin Agreement. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $3.0 million and $3.1 million, respectively, of revenue related to the MCC Admin Agreement.
The administrative fees receivable under the MCC Admin Agreement was $1.0 million and $0.9 million as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively, and is included as a component of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company purchased 1,194,547 shares of MCC on the open market for $8.8 million. The shares are classified
as available-for-sale securities and are included as a component of investments, at fair value in the Company s condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2012, Medley entered
into an administration agreement with SIC (the  SIC Admin Agreement ), whereby Medley agreed to provide administrative
services necessary for the operations of SIC. SIC agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses incurred in providing such administrative
services including an allocable portion of Medley s overhead expenses and an allocable portion of the cost of SIC s
officers and their respective staffs. Medley records these administrative fees as revenue in the period when the services are provided
and are included in other revenues and fees on the consolidated statement of operations. For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $0.8 million and $0.5 million, respectively, of revenue related to the SIC Admin Agreement.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded $2.0 million and $1.6 million, respectively, of revenue
related to the SIC Admin Agreement. The administrative fees receivable under the SIC Admin Agreement was $0.8 million and $0.5
million, respectively, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and is included as a component of other assets on the consolidated
balance sheets.      

In March 2015, Medley entered
into an administration agreement with MCC Senior Loan Strategy JV I LLC ( MCC SLS JV,  the  MCC SLS JV Admin
Agreement ), whereby Medley agreed to provide administrative services necessary for the operations of MCC SLS JV. MCC SLS
JV agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses incurred in providing such administrative services, including an allocable portion
of Medley s overhead expenses and an allocable portion of the cost of MCC SLS JV s officers and their respective staffs.
Medley records these administrative fees as revenue in the period when the services are provided and are included in other revenues
and fees on the consolidated statement of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded
$0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, of revenue related to the MCC SLS JV Admin Agreement. The administrative fees receivable
under the MCC SLS JV Admin Agreement was $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and is included as a component
of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In March 2015, Medley entered
into an administration agreement with SIC Senior Loan Strategy JV I LLC ( SIC SLS JV,  the  SIC SLS JV Admin
Agreement ), whereby Medley agreed to provide administrative services necessary for the operations of SIC SLS JV. SIC SLS
JV agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses incurred in providing such administrative services, including an allocable portion
of Medley s overhead expenses and an allocable portion of the cost of SIC SLS JV s officers and their respective staffs.
Medley records these administrative fees as revenue in the period when the services are provided and are included in other revenues
and fees on the consolidated statement of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded
$0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively, of revenue related to the SIC SLS JV Admin Agreement. The administrative fees receivable
under the SIC SLS JV Admin Agreement was $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and is included as a component
of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In July 2016, Medley entered
into a limited partnership agreement with Medley Credit Opportunity Fund LP ( MCOF ), whereby Medley agreed to provide
administrative services necessary for the operations of MCOF. MCOF agreed to pay Medley for the costs and expenses incurred in
providing such administrative services, including an allocable portion of Medley s overhead expenses and an allocable portion
of the cost of MCOF s officers and their respective staffs. Medley records these administrative fees as revenue in the period
when the services are provided and are included in other revenues and fees on the consolidated statement of operations. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded less than $0.1 million of revenue related to administrative
services under the MCOF limited partnership agreement. The administrative fees receivable under the MCOF limited partnership agreement
was less than $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016, and is included as a component of other assets on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

F-  20  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

Equity Method Investments   

The Company holds equity
method investments in SIC, CK Pearl Fund, MOF II, MOF III and other vehicles. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
Company s carrying value of its equity method investments was $15.2 million and $16.4 million, respectively. Included in
this balance was $9.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, from the Company s investment in SIC. 

The Company typically pays
certain operating costs incurred by the funds that it manages. These costs are normally reimbursed by such funds and are included
as a component of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
recorded $1.4 million and $0.9 million, respectively, as a balance receivable from its equity method investments. The Company accrued
$7.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for clawback obligations relating to MOF II that would need to be paid
if the fund was liquidated at fair value as of the end of the reporting period. The Company s actual obligation, however,
would not become payable or realized until the end of a fund s life. 

Available-For-Sale Securities   

As of September 30, 2016,
the Company s carrying value of its available-for-sale securities was $9.1 million and consisted of 1,194,547 shares of publicly
traded common stock. The Company measures the carrying value of its publicly traded investments in available-for-sale securities
at the unadjusted closing price as of the valuation date on the primary market or exchange on which they trade. As of September
30, 2016, the Company recorded less than $0.1 million of cumulative unrealized gains in accumulated other comprehensive income
and $0.2 million of cumulative unrealized gains in redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests in Medley
LLC. There were no impairment charges recorded related to the Company s investments in available-for-sale securities during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Promissory Note   

In March 2014, the Company
issued a promissory note in the amount of $2.5 million to a former Medley member in connection with the purchase of his membership
interests. The promissory note carried no interest, had quarterly amortization payments of $0.3 million and was paid in full in
March 2016. 

Exchange Agreement   

Prior to the completion
of the IPO, the Medley LLC Agreement was restated among other things, to modify its capital structure by reclassifying the interests
held by its existing owners (i.e. the members of Medley prior to the IPO) into the LLC Units. Medley s existing owners also
entered into an exchange agreement under which they (or certain permitted transferees thereof) have the right (subject to the terms
of the exchange agreement as described therein), to exchange their LLC Units for shares of Medley Management Inc. s Class
A common stock on a one-for-one basis at fair value, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends
and reclassifications. 

Tax Receivable Agreement   

Medley Management Inc.
entered into a tax receivable agreement with the holders of LLC Units that provides for the payment by Medley Management Inc. to
exchanging holders of LLC Units of 85% of the benefits, if any, that Medley Management Inc. is deemed to realize as a result of
increases in tax basis of tangible and intangible assets of Medley LLC from the future exchange of LLC Units for shares of Class
A common stock, as well as certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits
attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement.  

The term of the tax receivable
agreement will continue until all such tax benefits under the agreement have been utilized or expired, unless Medley Management
Inc. exercises its right to terminate the tax receivable agreement for an amount based on an agreed value of payments remaining
to be made under the agreement. As of September 30, 2016, there were no transactions under this agreement. 

F-  21  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

11.         EARNINGS
(LOSS) PER CLASS A SHARE  

The table below presents
basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A common stock using the two-class method for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The Company declared a
$0.20 dividend per share of Class A common stock on March 29, 2015, August 10, 2015, February 11, 2016, May 10, 2016 and August
9, 2016. The allocation to participating securities above generally represents dividends paid to holders of unvested restricted
stock units which reduces net income available to common stockholders. 

The weighted average shares
of Class A common stock is the same for both basic and diluted earnings per share as the diluted amount excludes the assumed conversion
of 23,333,333 LLC Units to shares of Class A common stock, the impact of which would be antidilutive. 

12.         INCOME
TAXES  

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effect
of temporary differences between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its reported amount in the Company s consolidated
balance sheets. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years. As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company had total deferred tax assets of $2.3 million and $1.7 million, respectively, which consists primarily
of temporary differences relating to certain accrued expenses, stock compensation and a tax benefit relating to tax goodwill. Total
deferred tax liabilities were $0.2 million and $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which
consists primarily of temporary differences relating to accrued fee income and accumulated net unrealized losses. The tax provision
for deferred income taxes results from temporary differences arising principally from certain accrued expenses, deferred rent,
fee income accruals and depreciation. 

The Company s effective tax rate was 6.0%
and 9.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 8.2% and 10.3% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The quarterly provision for income taxes is determined based on the Company s estimated
full year effective tax rate adjusted by the amount of tax attributable to infrequent or unusual items that are separately recognized
on a discrete basis in the income tax provision in the quarter in which they occur. The Company s effective tax rate includes
a rate benefit attributable to the fact that the Company s subsidiaries operate as limited liability companies, which are
not subject to federal or state income tax. Accordingly, a portion of the Company s earnings attributable to non-controlling
interests are not subject to corporate level taxes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
was only subject to federal, state and city corporate income taxes on its pre-tax income attributable to Medley Management Inc. 

Interest expense and penalties
related to income tax matters are recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes. There were no such amounts incurred
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no uncertain tax positions taken that were not more likely
than not to be sustained. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are no longer subject to tax examinations by taxing authorities for
tax years prior to 2011 and, presently, have no open examination for tax years before 2013. 

F-  22  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

13.         COMPENSATION
EXPENSE  

Compensation generally
includes salaries, bonuses, and profit sharing awards. Bonuses and profit sharing awards are accrued over the service period to
which they relate. Guaranteed payments made to our senior professionals who are members of Medley LLC are recognized as compensation
expense. The payments to the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officers are performance based and periodically set subject to
maximums based on the Company s total assets under management. Such maximums aggregated to $1.3 million for each of the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $3.8 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, neither of the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officers received any
guaranteed payments. 

Performance Fee Compensation   

In October 2010, the Company
granted shares of vested profits interests in certain subsidiaries to select employees. These awards are viewed as a profit-sharing
arrangement and are accounted for under ASC 710, which requires compensation expense to be recognized over the vesting period,
which is usually the period over which service is provided. The shares were vested at grant date, subject to a divestiture percentage
based on percentage of service completed from the award grant date to the employee s termination date. The Company adjusts
the related liability quarterly based on changes in estimated cash flows for the profit interests. 

In January 2014, the Company
granted additional shares of profit interests in certain subsidiaries to select employees. The shares were fully vested at grant
date and were not subject to a divestiture percentage. 

In February 2015 and March
2016, the Company granted incentive cash bonus awards to select employees.  These awards entitle employees to receive cash
compensation based on distributed performance fees received by the Company from certain institutional funds. Eligibility to receive
payments pursuant to these incentive awards is based on continued employment and ceases automatically upon termination of employment. 
Performance compensation expense is recorded based on the fair value of the incentive awards at the date of grant and is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the expected requisite service period.  The performance compensation liability is subject to
re-measurement at the end of each reporting period and any changes in the liability are recognized in the then current reporting
period. 

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, performance fee compensation expense reversal was $0.2 million. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, performance fee compensation expense reversal was $3.7 million and $4.6 million, respectively. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total performance fee compensation payable for these awards was $1.1 million and
$1.8 million, respectively.  

Retirement Plan   

The Company sponsors a
defined-contribution 401(k) retirement plan that covers all employees. Employees are eligible to participate in the plan immediately,
and participants are 100% vested from the date of eligibility. The Company makes contributions to the Plan of 3% of an employee s
eligible wages, up to a maximum limit as determined by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company also pays all administrative fees
related to the plan. The Company s accrued contributions to the plan were $0.1 million for each of the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s accrued contributions to
the plan were $0.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

In connection with the
IPO, the Company adopted the Medley Management Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Plan ). The purpose of the Plan
is to provide a means through which the Company may attract and retain key personnel and to provide a means whereby directors,
officers, employees, consultants and advisors (and prospective directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors) of the
Company can acquire and maintain an equity interest in the Company, or be paid incentive compensation, including incentive compensation
measured by reference to the value of Medley Management Inc. s Class A common stock or Medley LLC s unit interests,
thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare of the Company and aligning their interests with those of the Company s
stockholders. The Plan provides for the issuance of incentive stock options ( ISOs ), nonqualified stock options, stock
appreciation rights ( SARs ), restricted stock, restricted stock units ( RSUs ), stock bonuses, other stock-based
awards and cash awards. The maximum aggregate number of awards available to be granted under the plan, as amended, is 4,500,000,
of which all or any portion may be issued as shares of Medley Management Inc. s Class A common stock or Medley LLC s
unit interests. Shares of Class A common stock issued by the Company in settlement of awards may be authorized and unissued shares,
shares held in the treasury of the Company, shares purchased on the market or by private purchase or a combination of the foregoing.
As of September 30, 2016, there were 2.8 million awards available to be granted under the Plan. 

F-  23  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

The fair value of the RSUs
granted is determined to be the fair value of the underlying shares on the date of grant. The aggregate fair value, which is then
adjusted for anticipated forfeitures of up to 11% per annum, is charged to compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
vesting period, which is generally up to five years. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock-based compensation
was $1.0 million and $0.8 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock-based compensation
was $2.7 million and $2.4 million, respectively. 

The following summarizes
RSU activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016
there were approximately 1.4 million RSUs outstanding, net of estimated forfeitures, which are expected to vest. Unamortized compensation
cost related to unvested RSUs as of September 30, 2016 was $11.9 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of 3.3 years. 

14.         REDEEMABLE
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS  

In January 2016, the Company
executed an amendment to SIC Advisors' operating agreement which provided the Company with the right to redeem membership units
owned by the minority interest holder.  The Company s redemption right is triggered by the termination of the dealer
manager agreement between SIC and SC Distributors LLC, an affiliate of the minority interest holder. As a result of this redemption
feature, the Company reclassified the non-controlling interest in SIC Advisors from the equity section to redeemable non-controlling
interests in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet based on its fair value as of the amendment date.  The fair value
of the non-controlling interest was determined to be $12.2 million on the date of the amendment and was adjusted through a charge
to non-controlling interests in Medley LLC. As of September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a balance of $12.5 million. 

On June 3, 2016, the Company
entered into a Master Investment Agreement with DB MED Investor I LLC and DB MED Investor II LLC (the   Investors  )
to invest up to $50 million in new and existing Medley managed funds (the   Joint Venture  ). The Company
will contribute up to $10 million, and an interest in STRF Advisors LLC, the investment advisor to Sierra Total Return Fund, in
exchange for common equity interests in the Joint Venture. The Investors will invest up to $40 million in exchange for preferred
equity interests in the Joint Venture. On account of the preferred equity interests, the Investors will receive an 8% preferred
distribution, 15% of the Joint Venture s profits, and all of the profits from the contributed interest in STRF Advisors LLC.
Medley has the option, subject to certain conditions, to cause the Joint Venture to redeem the Investors  interest in exchange
for repayment of the outstanding investment amount at the time of redemption, plus certain other considerations. The Investors
have the right, after seven years, to redeem their interests in the Joint Venture. As such, the Investors  interest in the
Joint Venture is included as a component of redeemable non-controlling interests on the Company s consolidated balance sheets
and amounted to $12.1 million as of September 30, 2016. Total contributions to the joint venture amounted to $15.0 million through
September 30, 2016 and were used to fund an $8.8 million investment in available-for-sale securities. The Company intends to use
the remaining contributions of $6.2 million, which is included in cash and cash equivalents on our consolidated balance sheets,
to fund future investments. 

F-  24  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

15.         MARKET
AND OTHER RISK FACTORS  

Due to the nature of the
Medley funds  investment strategy, their portfolio of investments has significant market and credit risk. As a result, the
Company is subject to market and other risk factors, including, but not limited to the following: 

Market Risk   

The market price
of investments may significantly fluctuate during the period of investment. Investments may decline in value due to factors affecting
securities markets generally or particular industries represented in the securities markets. The value of an investment may decline
due to general market conditions that are not specifically related to such investment, such as real or perceived adverse economic
conditions, changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings, changes in interest or currency rates or adverse investor sentiment
generally. They may also decline due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as labor shortages or increased
production costs and competitive conditions within an industry.  

Credit Risk   

There are no restrictions
on the credit quality of the investments the Company intends to make. Investments may be deemed by nationally recognized rating
agencies to have substantial vulnerability to default in payment of interest and/or principal. Some investments may have low-quality
ratings or be unrated. Lower rated and unrated investments have major risk exposure to adverse conditions and are considered to
be predominantly speculative. Generally, such investments offer a higher return potential than higher rated investments, but involve
greater volatility of price and greater risk of loss of income and principal. 

In general, the ratings
of nationally recognized rating organizations represent the opinions of agencies as to the quality of the securities they rate.
Such ratings, however, are relative and subjective; they are not absolute standards of quality and do not evaluate the market value
risk of the relevant securities. It is also possible that a rating agency might not change its rating of a particular issue on
a timely basis to reflect subsequent events. The Company may use these ratings as initial criteria for the selection of portfolio
assets for the Company but is not required to utilize them. 

Limited Liquidity of Investments   

The Company intends to
invest in investments that may not be readily marketable. Illiquid investments may trade at a discount from comparable, more liquid
investments and, at times there may be no market at all for such investments. Subordinate investments may be less marketable, or
in some instances illiquid, because of the absence of registration under federal securities laws, contractual restrictions on transfer,
the small size of the market or the small size of the issue (relative to issues of comparable interests). As a result, the Company
may encounter difficulty in selling its investments or may, if required to liquidate investments to satisfy redemption requests
of its investors or debt service obligations, be compelled to sell such investments at less than fair value. 

Counterparty Risk   

Some of the markets in
which the Company may affect its transactions are  over-the-counter  or  interdealer  markets. The participants
in such markets are typically not subject to credit evaluation and regulatory oversight, unlike members of exchange-based markets.
This exposes the Company to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions
because of a dispute over the terms of the applicable contract (whether or not such dispute is bona fide) or because of a credit
or liquidity problem, causing the Company to suffer loss. Such  counterparty risk  is accentuated for contracts with
longer maturities where events may intervene to prevent settlement, or where the Company has concentrated its transactions with
a single or small group of counterparties. 

F-  25  

Medley Management Inc.  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

16.          SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On November 10, 2016, the
Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.20 per share of Class A common stock for the third quarter of 2016.
The dividend is payable on December 5, 2016 to stockholders of record as of November 22, 2016. 

On October 18, 2016, Medley
LLC completed a public offering of an additional $28.6 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior notes due 2026 at
a public offering price of $24.45 for each $25.00 principal amount of notes. The notes mature on August 15, 2026 with interest
payable quarterly. Medley LLC used the net proceeds from the offering to repay $26.7 million of the outstanding indebtedness under
the Term Loan Facility. The notes are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol  MDLX . 

F-  26  

Item 2.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and our financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview  

We are an asset management
firm offering yield solutions to retail and institutional investors. We focus on credit-related investment strategies, primarily
originating senior secured loans to private middle market companies in the U.S. that have revenues between $50 million and $1 billion.
We generally hold these loans to maturity. Our national direct origination franchise, with over 85 people, provides capital to
the middle market in the U.S. As of September 30, 2016, we had over $5 billion of AUM in two business development companies, MCC
and SIC, as well as private investment vehicles. Over the past 14 years, we have provided in excess of $6 billion of capital to
over 350 companies across 35 industries in North America. 

We manage two permanent
capital vehicles, both of which are BDCs, as well as long-dated private funds and SMAs, focusing on senior secured credit. 

Long-dated private funds and SMAs: MOF II, MOF III, MCOF and SMAs, have a total AUM of $2.5 billion as of September 30, 2016.   

Our year over year AUM
growth as of September 30, 2016 was 25% and was driven in large part by the growth of our long-dated private funds and SMAs. Our
compounded annual AUM growth rate from December 31, 2010 through September 30, 2016 was 32%. 

In general, our institutional
investors do not have the right to withdraw capital commitments and, to date, we have not experienced any withdrawals of capital
commitments. For a description of the risk factor associated with capital commitments, see  Risk Factors   Third-party
investors in our private funds may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital calls when requested, which could adversely
affect a fund s operations and performance  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, 88% and 90%, respectively, of our revenues were generated from management fees and performance
fees derived primarily from net interest income on senior secured loans. 

Direct origination, careful
structuring and active monitoring of the loan portfolios we manage are important success factors in our business, which can be
adversely affected by difficult market and political conditions, such as the turmoil in the global capital markets from 2007 to
2009. Since our inception in 2006, we have adhered to a disciplined investment process that employs these principles with the goal
of delivering strong risk-adjusted investment returns while protecting investor capital. We believe that our ability to directly
originate, structure and lead deals enables us to consistently lend at higher yields with better terms. In addition, the loans
we manage generally have a contractual maturity of between three and seven years and are typically floating rate, which we believe
positions our business well for rising interest rates. 

Our senior management team
has, on average, over 20 years of experience in credit, including originating, underwriting, principal investing and loan structuring.
We have made significant investments in our corporate infrastructure and have over 85 employees, including over 45 investment,
origination and credit management professionals, and over 40 operations, accounting, legal, compliance and marketing professionals,
each with extensive experience in their respective disciplines. 

The significant majority
of our revenue is derived from management fees, which include base management fees earned on all of our investment products as
well as Part I incentive fees earned from our permanent capital vehicles. Our base management fees are generally calculated based
upon fee earning assets and paid quarterly in cash. Our Part I incentive fees from our permanent capital vehicles are typically
calculated based upon net investment income, subject to a hurdle rate, and are also paid quarterly in cash. 

We also earn performance
fees from our long-dated private funds and SMAs. Typically, these performance fees are 15% or 20% of the total return above a hurdle
rate. These performance fees are accrued quarterly and paid after return of all invested capital and an amount sufficient to achieve
the hurdle rate of return. 

1  

We also receive incentive
fees related to realized capital gains in our permanent capital vehicles that we refer to as Part II incentive fees. Part II incentive
fees are payable annually and are calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (i) the sum of cumulative realized
capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation from (ii) cumulative aggregate realized capital gains. If the amount calculated
is positive, then the Part II incentive fee for such year is equal to 20% of such amount, less the aggregate amount of Part II
incentive fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then no Part II incentive fee will be payable for such year.
As our investment strategy is focused on generating yield from senior secured credit, historically we have not generated Part II
incentive fees. 

Our primary expenses are
compensation to our employees, performance fee compensation and general, administrative and other expenses. Compensation includes
salaries, discretionary bonuses, stock-based compensation and benefits paid and payable to our employees. Performance fee compensation
is related to performance fees, generally consisting of incentive allocations in our long-dated private funds that we grant to
certain of our professionals. General and administrative expenses include costs primarily related to professional services, office
rent and related expenses, expense support agreement expenses related to SIC, depreciation and amortization, travel and related
expenses, information technology, communication and information services, placement fees and third-party marketing expenses and
other general operating items. 

Reorganization and Initial Public Offering  

Medley Management Inc.
was incorporated on June 13, 2014 and commenced operations on September 29, 2014 upon the completion of its IPO of its Class A
common stock. We raised $100.4 million, net of underwriting discounts, through the issuance of 6,000,000 shares of Class A common
stock at a public offering price of $18.00 per share. The offering proceeds were used to purchase 6,000,000 newly issued LLC Units
from Medley LLC. Prior to the IPO, Medley Management Inc. had not engaged in any business or other activities except in connection
with its formation and IPO. 

In connection with the
IPO, Medley Management Inc. issued 100 shares of Class B common stock to Medley Group LLC ( Medley Group ), an entity
wholly owned by the pre-IPO members of Medley LLC. For so long as the pre-IPO members and then-current Medley personnel hold at
least 10% of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and LLC Units (excluding those LLC Units held by Medley Management
Inc.) then outstanding, the Class B common stock entitles Medley Group to a number of votes that is equal to 10 times the aggregate
number of LLC Units held by all non-managing members of Medley LLC that do not themselves hold shares of Class B common stock and
entitle each other holder of Class B common stock, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common stock held by such
other holder, to a number of votes that is equal to 10 times the number of membership units held by such holder. 

In connection with the
IPO, Medley LLC amended and restated its limited liability agreement to modify its capital structure by reclassifying the 23,333,333
interests held by the pre-IPO members into a single new class of units. The pre-IPO members also entered into an exchange agreement
under which they (or certain permitted transferees thereof) have the right, subject to the terms of the exchange agreement, to
exchange their LLC Units for shares of Medley Management Inc. s Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary
conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. In addition, pursuant to the amended and restated
limited liability agreement, Medley Management Inc. became the sole managing member of Medley LLC. 

Our Structure   

Medley Management Inc.
is a holding company and its sole asset is a controlling equity interest in Medley LLC. Medley Management Inc. operates and controls
all of the business and affairs and consolidates the financial results of Medley LLC and its subsidiaries. We and our pre-IPO owners
have also entered into an exchange agreement under which they (or certain permitted transferees) have the right (subject to the
terms of the exchange agreement), to exchange their LLC Units for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject
to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. 

2  

Medley Group LLC, an entity
wholly-owned by our pre-IPO owners, holds all 100 issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. For so long as our
pre-IPO owners and then-current Medley personnel hold at least 10% of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and
LLC Units (excluding those LLC Units held by Medley Management Inc.), which we refer to as the  Substantial Ownership Requirement, 
the Class B common stock entitles Medley Group LLC, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common stock held by it,
to a number of votes that is equal to 10 times the aggregate number of LLC Units held by all non-managing members of Medley LLC
that do not themselves hold shares of Class B common stock and entitle each other holder of Class B common stock, without regard
to the number of shares of Class B common stock held by such other holder, to a number of votes that is equal to 10 times the number
of LLC Units held by such holder. For purposes of calculating the Substantial Ownership Requirement, (1) shares of Class A common
stock deliverable to our pre-IPO owners and then-current Medley personnel pursuant to outstanding equity awards will be deemed
then outstanding and (2) shares of Class A common stock and LLC Units held by any estate, trust, partnership or limited liability
company or other similar entity of which any pre-IPO owner or then-current Medley personnel, or any immediate family member thereof,
is a trustee, partner, member or similar party will be considered held by such pre-IPO owner or other then-current Medley personnel.
From and after the time that the Substantial Ownership Requirement is no longer satisfied, the Class B common stock will entitle
Medley Group LLC, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common stock held by it, to a number of votes that is equal
to the aggregate number of LLC Units held by all non-managing members of Medley LLC that do not themselves hold shares of Class
B common stock and entitle each other holder of Class B common stock, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common
stock held by such other holder, to a number of votes that is equal to the number of LLC Units held by such holder. At the completion
of our IPO, our pre-IPO owners were comprised of all of the non-managing members of Medley LLC. However, Medley LLC may in the
future admit additional non-managing members that would not constitute pre-IPO owners. If at any time the ratio at which LLC Units
are exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock changes from one-for-one as set forth in the Exchange Agreement, the number
of votes to which Class B common stockholders are entitled will be adjusted accordingly. Holders of shares of our Class B common
stock will vote together with holders of our Class A common stock as a single class on all matters on which stockholders are entitled
to vote generally, except as otherwise required by law. 

Other than Medley Management
Inc., holders of LLC Units, including our pre-IPO owners, are, subject to limited exceptions, prohibited from transferring any
LLC Units held by them upon consummation of our IPO, or any shares of Class A common stock received upon exchange of such LLC Units,
until the third anniversary of our IPO without our consent. Thereafter and prior to the fourth and fifth anniversaries of our IPO,
such holders may not transfer more than 33 1/3% and 66 2/3%, respectively, of the number of LLC Units held by them upon
consummation of our IPO, together with the number of any shares of Class A common stock received by them upon exchange therefor,
without our consent. While this agreement could be amended or waived by us, our pre-IPO owners have advised us that they do not
intend to seek any waivers of these restrictions. 

The diagram below depicts our organizational
structure (excluding those operating subsidiaries with no material operations or assets) as of November 14, 2016: 

(1)  The Class B common stock provides Medley Group LLC with
a number of votes that is equal to 10 times the aggregate number of LLC Units held by all non-managing members of Medley LLC.
From and after the time that the Substantial Ownership Requirement is no longer satisfied, the Class B common stock will provide
Medley Group LLC with a number of votes that is equal to the aggregate number of LLC Units held by all non-managing members of
Medley LLC that do not themselves hold shares of Class B common stock. 

(2)  If our pre-IPO owners exchanged all of their LLC Units for shares of Class A common stock, they
would hold 80.07% of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, entitling them to an equivalent percentage of economic interests
and voting power in Medley Management Inc., Medley Group LLC would hold no voting power or economic interests in Medley Management
Inc. and Medley Management Inc. would hold 100% of outstanding LLC Units and 100% of the voting power in Medley LLC.   

3  

(3)  Certain individuals, entities and other partners engaged in our business continue to own interests
directly in selected operating subsidiaries, including, in certain instances, entities that receive management, performance and
incentive fees from funds that we advise. For additional information concerning these interests, see  Business   Fee
Structure  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

(4)  Strategic Capital Advisory Services, LLC owns 20% of SIC
Advisors LLC and is entitled to receive distributions of up to 20% of the gross cash proceeds received by SIC Advisors LLC from
the management and incentive fees payable by Sierra Income Corporation to SIC Advisors LLC, net of certain expenses, as well as
20% of the returns of the investments held at SIC Advisors LLC. 

(5)  Medley LLC holds 96.5% of the Class B economic interests
in MCOF Management LLC. 

(6)  Pursuant to the Master Investment Agreement among Medley
LLC, Medley Seed Funding I LLC, Medley Seed Funding II LLC, Medley Seed Funding III LLC, DB MED Investor I LLC and DB MED Investor
II LLC, dated June 3, 2016, Medley LLC holds 100% of the outstanding Common Interest in this entity, while DB MED Investor I LLC
holds 100% of the outstanding Preferred Interest in this entity. 

(7)  Certain employees, former employees and former members
of Medley LLC hold approximately 40% of the limited liability company interests in MOF II GP LLC, the entity that serves as general
partner of MOF II, entitling the holders to share the performance fees earned from MOF II. 

(8)  Medley GP Holdings LLC holds 96.5% of the Class B economic
interests in MCOF GP LLC. 

Trends Affecting Our Business  

We believe that our disciplined
investment philosophy contributes to the stability of our firm s performance. Our results of operations, including the fair
value of our AUM, are affected by a variety of factors, including conditions in the global financial markets as well as economic
and political environments, particularly in the U.S. 

During fiscal year 2015,
concerns over declines in commodity markets, increasing interest rates and slow economic expansion in non U.S. economies, all highlight
the fact that economic conditions were unpredictable and volatile for the year. The ongoing volatility in commodity prices, especially
of crude oil, and the uncertainty regarding the stability of the oil and gas markets resulted in a tightening of credit across
multiple sectors. Mark to market losses on commodity related debt caused volatility on credit returns and increased financing costs
for business across most sectors. 

In general, these market
and economic conditions continued into the first fiscal quarter of 2016. In the second quarter of 2016, broad economic markets
showed stability and loan volumes across the lending spectrum improved. During the third quarter, while loan volume continued to
improve, the opportunity set for appropriate risk-adjusted investments reduced. Loans funds had significant outflows during the
period, all while yields continued to compress; increasing risk in the market. Our platform provides us the ability to lend across
the capital structure and at varying interest rates providing our firm access to a larger borrower subset over time; however, the
deployment of capital over the recent quarter, was prudent and cautious in-light of the prevailing market conditions. 

In addition to these macroeconomic
trends and market factors, our future performance is dependent on our ability to attract new capital. We believe the following
factors will influence our future performance: 

The extent to which investors favor directly originated private credit investments.  Our
ability to attract additional capital is dependent on investors  views of directly originated private credit investments
relative to traditional assets. We believe fundraising efforts will continue to be impacted by certain fundamental asset management
trends that include: (i) the increasing importance of directly originated private credit investment strategies for institutional
investors; (ii) increasing demand for directly originated private credit investments from retail investors; (iii) recognition by
the consultant channel, which serves endowment and pension fund investors, that directly originated private credit is an important
component of asset allocation; (iv) increasing demand from insurance companies seeking alternatives to investing in the liquid
credit markets; and (v) de-leveraging of the global banking system, bank consolidation and increased bank regulatory requirements.    

Our ability to generate strong, stable returns and retain investor capital throughout market
cycles.  The capital we are able to attract and retain drives the growth of our AUM, fee earning AUM and management fees. We
believe we are well positioned to invest through market cycles given our AUM is in either permanent capital vehicles or long-dated
private funds and SMAs.   

4  

Our ability to source investments with attractive risk-adjusted returns.  Our ability to
grow our revenue is dependent on our continued ability to source attractive investments and deploy the capital that we have raised.
We believe that the current economic environment provides attractive investment opportunities. Our ability to identify attractive
investments and execute on those investments is dependent on a number of factors, including the general macroeconomic environment,
valuation, size and the liquidity of these investment opportunities. A significant decrease in the quality or quantity of investment
opportunities in the directly originated private credit market, a substantial increase in corporate default rates, an increase
in competition from new entrants providing capital to the private debt market and a decrease in recovery rates of directly originated
private credit could adversely affect our ability to source investments with attractive risk-adjusted returns.   

The attractiveness of our product offering to investors.  We believe defined contribution
plans, retail investors, public institutional investors, pension funds, endowments, sovereign wealth funds and insurance companies
are increasing exposure to directly originated private credit investment products to seek differentiated returns and current yield.
Our permanent capital vehicles benefit from this demand by offering institutional and retail investors the ability to invest in
our private credit investment strategy. We believe that the breadth, diversity and number of investment vehicles we offer allow
us to maximize our reach with investors.   

The strength of our investment process, operating platform and client servicing capabilities.
 Following the most recent financial crisis, investors in alternative investments, including those managed by us, have heightened
their focus on matters such as manager due diligence, reporting transparency and compliance infrastructure. Since inception, we
have invested heavily in our investment monitoring systems, compliance and enterprise risk management systems to proactively address
investor expectations and the evolving regulatory landscape. We believe these investments in operating infrastructure will continue
to support our growth in AUM.    

Consolidated Variable Interest Entities  

Medley Management Inc.
is the sole managing member of Medley LLC and, as such, it operates and controls all of the business and affairs of Medley LLC
and, through Medley LLC and its subsidiaries, conducts our business. Under U.S. GAAP, Medley LLC meets the definition of a variable
interest entity ( VIE ) because the equity of Medley LLC is not sufficient to permit activities without additional
subordinated financial support. Medley Management Inc. has the obligation to absorb expected losses that could be significant to
Medley LLC and holds 100% of the voting power, therefore, Medley Management Inc. is considered to be the primary beneficiary of
Medley LLC. 

Medley LLC has three majority
owned subsidiaries, SIC Advisors LLC, Medley Seed Funding I LLC and STRF Advisors LLC, all of which are consolidated VIEs. Each
of these entities was organized as a limited liability company and was legally formed to manage a designated fund and to isolate
business risk. Except to the extent of the assets of this VIE that are consolidated, the holders of the consolidated VIE s
liabilities generally do not have recourse to us. 

Seed Investments  

We account for seed investments
through the application of the voting interest model under ASC 810-10-25-1 through 25-14 and we consolidate a seed investment when
the investment advisor holds a controlling interest, which is, in general, 50% or more of the equity in such investment. For seed
investments for which we do not hold a controlling interest, we account for such seed investment under the equity method of accounting,
at our ownership percentage of such seed investment s net asset value. 

Deconsolidation of Funds  

Prior to January 1, 2015,
we consolidated MOF II in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with ASC 810,  Consolidation , as we were the
general partner and the limited partners lacked kick out rights or participating rights. Under the guidance of ASU 2015-02, which
we adopted on January 1, 2015, we reconsidered the consolidation conclusion for MOF II and, as a result of the new guidance, determined
that although MOF II continues to be a VIE, we are no longer considered to be the primary beneficiary. Therefore, we deconsolidated
MOF II at January 1, 2015 and recorded our investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting. As a result, amounts
presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements herein for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 have
been adjusted from amounts previously disclosed for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 to reflect the adoption
of this guidance. 

5  

Joint Venture  

On June 3, 2016, we
entered into a Master Investment Agreement with DB MED Investor I LLC and DB MED Investor II LLC (the   Investors  )
to invest up to $50 million in new and existing Medley managed funds (the   Joint Venture  ). We will contribute
up to $10 million, and an interest in STRF Advisors LLC, the investment advisor to Sierra Total Return Fund, in exchange for common
equity interests in the Joint Venture. The Investors will invest up to $40 million in exchange for preferred equity interests in
the Joint Venture. On account of the preferred equity interests, the Investors will receive an 8% preferred distribution, 15% of
the Joint Venture s profits, and all of the profits from the contributed interest in STRF Advisors LLC. We have the option,
subject to certain conditions, to cause the Joint Venture to redeem the Investors  interest in exchange for repayment of
the outstanding investment amount at the time of redemption, plus certain other considerations. The Investors have the right, after
seven years, to redeem their interests in the Joint Venture. As such, the Investors  interest in the Joint Venture is included
as a component of redeemable non-controlling interests on our consolidated balance sheets and amounted to $12.1 million as of September
30, 2016. Total contributions to the joint venture amounted to $15.0 million through September 30, 2016 and were used to fund an
$8.8 million investment in available-for-sale securities. We intend to use the remaining contributions of $6.2 million, which is
included in cash and cash equivalents on our consolidated balance sheets, to fund future investments 

Components of Our Results of Operations  

Management Fees. 
Management fees include both base management fees as well as Part I incentive fees. 

Base Management Fees.  Base management fees are generally based on a defined percentage of
(i) average or total gross assets, including assets acquired with leverage, (ii) total commitments, (iii) net invested capital,
(iv) NAV or (v) lower of cost or market value of a fund s portfolio investments. These fees are calculated quarterly and
are paid in cash in advance or in arrears depending on each specific fund. Base management fees are recognized as revenue in the
period advisory services are rendered, subject to our assessment of collectability.   

In addition, we also receive non
asset-based management fees that may include special fees such as origination fees, transaction fees and similar fees paid to us
in connection with portfolio investments of our funds. These fees are specific to particular transactions and the contractual terms
of the portfolio investments, and are recognized when earned. 

Part I Incentive Fees.  We also include Part I incentive fees that we receive from our permanent
capital vehicles in Management Fees. Part I incentive fees are paid quarterly, in cash, and are driven primarily by net interest
income on senior secured loans. Effective January 1, 2016, as it relates to MCC, these fees are subject to netting against realized
and unrealized losses. We are primarily an asset manager of yield-oriented products and our incentive fees are primarily derived
from spread income rather than trading or capital gains. In addition, we also carefully manage interest rate risk. We are generally
positioned to benefit from a raising rate environment, which should benefit fees paid to us from our vehicles and funds.   

Beginning January 1, 2016, MCC Advisors
LLC s base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75% on MCC s gross assets up to $1.0 billion and 1.50%
on MCC s gross assets above $1.0 billion. In addition, MCC Advisors LLC s Part I incentive fees are equal to 17.5%
on pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to a fixed hurdle rate of 6% per year with a catch-up. Moreover, the incentive
fee includes a netting mechanism and is subject to a rolling three-year look back from January 1, 2016 forward. For details of
the new MCC fee structure, please see  Business   Fee Structure  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Under no circumstances will the new fee structure result in higher fees to MCC Advisors LLC. 

For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, MCC Part I incentive fees were equal to 20.0% of net investment income (before MCC Part I incentive fees and
MCC Part II incentive fees), subject to a fixed hurdle rate of 2.0% per quarter, calculated on the prior quarter NAV. No fee was
earned until MCC s net investment income exceeded the 2.0% hurdle rate. There was a catch-up provision that allocated to
us all investment income above the hurdle rate but below a 2.5% return on the prior quarter NAV. Thereafter, we receive 20.0% of
MCC s net investment income above a 2.5% return on the prior quarter NAV. MCC Part I incentive fees are not subject to repayment
(or clawback), and are paid quarterly in cash. 

SIC Part I incentive fees are equal
to 20.0% of its net investment income (before SIC Part I incentive fees and SIC Part II incentive fees), subject to a fixed hurdle
rate of 1.75% per quarter, calculated on the prior quarter NAV. No fee is earned until SIC s net investment income exceeds
the 1.75% hurdle rate. There is a catch-up provision that allocates to us all investment income above the hurdle rate but below
a 2.1875% return on the prior quarter NAV. Thereafter, we receive 20.0% of SIC s net investment income above a 2.1875% return
on the prior quarter net assets value. SIC Part I incentive fees are not subject to repayment (or clawback) and are paid quarterly
in cash. 

Performance Fees. 
Our long-dated private funds and SMAs may have industry standard carried interest performance fee structures and are typically
15% to 20% of the total return over a 6.0% to 8.0% annualized preferred return. We record these fees on an accrual basis, to the
extent such amounts are contractually due but not paid, and we present this revenue as a separate line item on our consolidated
statements of operations. These fees are subject to repayment (clawback). 

6  

The timing and amount of
performance fees generated by our funds is uncertain. If we were to have a realization event in a particular quarter or year, it
may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter or year that may not be replicated in subsequent periods.
Refer to  Risk Factors   Risks Related to Our Business and Industry  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Generally, if at the termination
of a fund (and sometimes at interim points in the life of a fund), the fund has not achieved investment returns that (in most cases)
exceed the preferred return threshold or (in all cases) the general partner receives net profits over the life of the fund in excess
of its allocable share under the applicable partnership agreement, we will be obligated to repay an amount equal to the extent
to which carried interest that was previously distributed to us exceeds the amounts to which we are ultimately entitled. Medley
had not received any distributions of performance fees through September 30, 2016, other than tax distributions, a portion of which
is subject to clawback. As of September 30, 2016, we accrued $7.1 million for clawback obligations that would need to be paid if
the funds were liquidated at fair value as of the end of the reporting period. Our actual obligation, however, would not become
payable or realized until the end of a fund s life. 

For any given period, performance
fee revenue on our consolidated statements of operations may include reversals of previously recognized performance fees due to
a decrease in the value of a particular fund that results in a decrease of cumulative performance fees earned to date. Since fund
return hurdles are cumulative, previously recognized fees also may be reversed in a period of appreciation that is lower than the
particular fund's hurdle rate. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, there was no reversal of previously recognized performance
fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reversed $0.4 million of previously recognized performance fees. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we reversed $14.7 million and $18.7 million of previously recognized performance
fees. As of September 30, 2016, we recognized cumulative performance fees of $6.3 million. 

Part II Incentive Fees . For our permanent capital vehicles, Part II incentive fees generally
represent 20.0% of each fund s cumulative realized capital gains (net of realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation).
We have not received these fees historically, and do not expect such fees to be material in the future given our focus on senior
secured lending.   

Other Revenues and Fees. 
We provide administrative services to certain of our affiliated funds that are reported as other revenues and fees. Such fees are
recognized as revenue in the period that administrative services are rendered. These fees are generally based on expense reimbursements
for the portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by certain professionals directly attributable to each respective fund.
These fees are reported within total revenues in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form
10-Q. 

In certain cases, the entities
that receive management and incentive fees from our funds are owned by Medley LLC together with other persons. See  Critical
Accounting Policies  and Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  to our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements included in this Form 10-Q for additional information regarding the manner in which management fees, performance
fees and other fees are generated. 

Expenses  

Compensation and Benefits .
Compensation and benefits generally includes salaries, discretionary bonuses and benefits paid and payable to our employees. Compensation
also includes stock-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to our employees. Compensation expense
relating to restricted stock units that are expected to vest are measured at fair value as of the grant date, and are expensed
over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. Bonuses are accrued over the service period to which they relate. 

Guaranteed payments made
to our senior professionals who are members of Medley LLC are recognized as compensation expense. The payments to our Co-Chief
Executive Officers are performance based and periodically set subject to maximums based on our total assets under management. Such
maximums aggregated to $1.3 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $3.8 million for each of
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, neither of
our Co-Chief Executive Officers received any guaranteed payments. 

Performance Fee Compensation. 
Performance fee compensation includes compensation related to performance fees, which generally consists of profit interests that
we grant to our employees. Depending on the nature of each fund, the performance fee participation is generally structured as a
fixed percentage or as an annual award. The liability is recorded subject to the vesting of the profit interests granted and is
calculated based upon the net present value of the projected performance fees. Payments to profit interest holders are payable
when the performance fees are paid to Medley LLC by the respective fund. It is possible that we may record performance fee compensation
during a period in which we do not record any performance fee revenue or we have a reversal of previously recognized performance
fee revenue. We have an obligation to pay our employees a portion of the performance fees earned from certain funds. 

7  

General, Administrative
and Other Expenses.  General and administrative expenses include costs primarily related to professional services, office rent,
depreciation and amortization, general insurance, recruiting, travel and related expenses, information technology, communication
and information services, placement fees, SIC expenses under an investment advisory and expense support and reimbursement agreements
and other general operating items. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Dividend Income. 
Dividend income consists of dividends associated with our equity method investment in SIC and our available-for-sale securities.
Dividends are recognized on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are declared and expected to be collected. 

Interest Expense. 
Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense relating to debt incurred by us. 

Other Income (Expenses),
Net.  Other income (expenses), net consists primarily of expenses associated with our revenue share payable, equity income (loss)
and unrealized gains (losses) associated with our equity method investments. 

Provision for Income
Taxes . Medley Management Inc. is subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income taxes on its allocable portion of
the income of Medley LLC at prevailing corporate tax rates. Medley LLC and its subsidiaries are not subject to U.S. federal, state
and local corporate income taxes since all gains and losses are passed through to its members. However, Medley LLC and its subsidiaries
are subject to New York City s unincorporated business tax on its taxable income allocated to New York City. Our effective
income tax rate is dependent on many factors, including the impact of nondeductible items and a rate benefit attributable to the
fact that a portion of our earnings are not subject to corporate level taxes. 

Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. To the extent it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recognized, a valuation allowance
is provided to offset their benefit. 

We recognize the benefit
of an income tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon tax examination, based
solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Otherwise, no benefit is recognized. The tax benefits recognized are measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Interest
expense and penalties related to income tax matters are recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes. 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable
to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests and Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries.  Net income (loss) attributable
to redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries represents the ownership interests
that third parties hold in our consolidated subsidiaries. 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable
to Non-Controlling Interests in Medley LLC.  Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in Medley LLC represents
the ownership interests that non-managing members  hold in Medley LLC. 

Our private funds are closed-end
funds, and accordingly do not permit investors to redeem their interests other than in limited circumstances that are beyond our
control, such as instances in which retaining the limited partnership interest could cause the limited partner to violate a law,
regulation or rule. In addition, separately managed accounts for a single investor may allow such investor to terminate the investment
management agreement at the discretion of the investor pursuant to the terms of the applicable documents. We manage assets for
MCC and SIC, both of which are BDCs. The capital managed by MCC and SIC is permanently committed to these funds and cannot be redeemed
by investors. 

8  

Managing Business Performance  

Non-GAAP Financial Information    

In addition to analyzing
our results on a GAAP basis, management also makes operating decisions and assesses business performance based on the financial
and operating metrics and data that are presented without the impact of consolidation of any funds. Core Net Income, Core EBITDA
and Core Net Income Margin are non-GAAP financial measures that are used by management to assess the performance of our business.
There are limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the use of the most directly comparable
U.S. GAAP financial measure and these measures supplement and should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of the results
of operations discussed further under     Results of Operations,   which are prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Furthermore, such measures may be inconsistent with measures presented by other companies. For a reconciliation
of these measures to the most comparable measure in accordance with U.S. GAAP, see     Reconciliation of Certain
Non-GAAP Performance Measures to Consolidated U.S. GAAP Financial Measures.   

Core Net Income. 
Core Net Income is an income measure that is used by management to assess the performance of our business through the removal of
non-core items, as well as non-recurring expenses associated with our IPO. It is calculated by adjusting net income attributable
to Medley Management Inc. and net income attributable to non-controlling interests in Medley LLC to exclude reimbursable expenses
associated with the launch of funds, amortization of stock-based compensation expense associated with grants of restricted stock
units at the time of our IPO, other non-core items and the income tax impact of these adjustments. 

Core Earnings
Before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (Core EBITDA).  Core EBITDA is an income measure also used by management
to assess the performance of our business. Core EBITDA is calculated as Core Net Income before interest expense, income taxes,
depreciation and amortization. 

Pro-Forma Weighted
Average Shares Outstanding.  The calculation of Pro-Forma Weighted Average Shares Outstanding assumes the conversion by the
pre-IPO holders of 23,333,333 LLC Units for 23,333,333 shares of Class A common stock at the beginning of each period presented,
as well as the vesting of the weighted average number of restricted stock units during each of the periods presented. 

Core Net Income Per
Share.  Core Net Income Per Share is Core Net Income adjusted for corporate income taxes assuming that all of our pre-tax earnings
are subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes, divided by Pro-Forma Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (as defined
above). In determining corporate income taxes we used an annual effective corporate tax rate of 43.0%. Please refer to the calculation
of Core Net Income Per Share in  Reconciliation of Certain Non-GAAP Performance Measures to Consolidated U.S. GAAP Financial
Measures.  

Core Net Income Margin. 
Core Net Income Margin equals Core Net Income Per Share divided by total revenue per share. 

9  

Key Performance Indicators  

When we review our performance
we focus on the indicators described below:  

(1)  Net Income Margin equals Net income attributable to Medley
Management Inc. and non-controlling interests in Medley LLC divided by total revenue. 

AUM  

AUM refers to the assets
of our funds. We view AUM as a metric to measure our investment and fundraising performance as it reflects assets generally at
fair value plus available uncalled capital. For our funds, our AUM equals the sum of the following: 

Gross asset values or NAV of such funds;   

the drawn and undrawn debt (at the fund-level, including amounts subject to restrictions); and   

uncalled committed capital (including commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment
periods).   

10  

The table below provides
the roll forward of AUM for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents
increases during the period through equity and debt offerings, subject to restrictions, as well as any increases in available
undrawn borrowings or capital commitments. With respect to long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents new commitments or gross
inflows, respectively, as well as any increases in available undrawn borrowings. 

(2)   Represents the permanent reduction in equity or leverage
during the period. 

(3)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents
distributions of income. With respect to long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents return of capital, given our funds 
stage in their respective life cycle and the prioritization of capital distributions. 

(4)   Includes interest income, realized and unrealized gains
(losses), fees and/or expenses. 

AUM remained consistent
at $5.0 billion as of September 30, 2016 compared to AUM as of June 30, 2016.    

The table below provides the roll forward of
AUM for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents
increases during the period through equity and debt offerings, subject to restrictions, as well as any increases in available
undrawn borrowings or capital commitments. With respect to long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents new commitments or gross
inflows, respectively, as well as any increases in available undrawn borrowings. 

(2)   Represents the permanent reduction in equity or leverage
during the period. 

(3)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents
distributions of income. With respect to long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents return of capital, given our funds 
stage in their respective life cycle and the prioritization of capital distributions. 

(4)   Includes interest income, realized and unrealized gains
(losses), fees and/or expenses. 

AUM increased by $231.4
million, or 5%, to $5.0 billion as of September 30, 2016 compared to AUM as of December 31, 2015. 
 Our permanent capital vehicles remained consistent at $2.5 billion as of September 30, 2016. Our long-dated private funds
and SMAs increased AUM by $233.0 million, or 10%, primarily associated with new capital commitments from our long-dated private
funds and SMAs, partly offset by distributions by our long-dated private funds and SMAs as some of our vehicles are no longer in
the investment period. 

11  

Fee Earning AUM  

Fee earning AUM refers
to assets under management on which we directly earn base management fees. We view fee earning AUM as a metric to measure changes
in the assets from which we earn management fees. Our fee earning AUM is the sum of all the individual fee earning assets of our
funds that contribute directly to our management fees and generally equals the sum of: 

for our permanent capital vehicles, the average or total gross asset value, including assets acquired
with the proceeds of leverage (see  Fee earning AUM based on gross asset value  in the  Components of Fee Earning
AUM  table below for the amount of this component of fee earning AUM as of each period);   

for certain funds within the investment period in the long-dated private funds, the amount of limited
partner capital commitments (see  Fee earning AUM based on capital commitments  in the  Components of Fee Earning
AUM  table below for the amount of this component of fee earning AUM as of each period); and   

for the aforementioned funds beyond the investment period, certain managed accounts within their
investment period, the amount of limited partner invested capital or the NAV of the fund (see  Fee earning AUM based on invested
capital or NAV  in the  Components of Fee Earning AUM  table below for the amount of this component of fee earning
AUM as of each period).   

Our calculations of fee
earning AUM and AUM may differ from the calculations of other asset managers and, as a result, this measure may not be comparable
to similar measures presented by others. In addition, our calculations of fee earning AUM and AUM may not be based on any definition
of fee earning AUM or AUM that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we advise. 

Components of Fee Earning AUM  

As of September 30,
2016, fee earning AUM based on gross asset value decreased by $55.1 million, compared to December 31, 2015. The decrease in
fee earning AUM based on gross asset value was due primarily to a decrease at MCC that resulted from lower leverage capacity,
a decline in portfolio asset valuations and share repurchases, partly offset by new equity issuances at SIC. 

As of September 30, 2016,
fee earning AUM based on capital commitments remained consistent compared to December 31, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016,
fee earning AUM based on invested capital or NAV decreased by $136.0 million, or 14%, compared to December 31, 2015. The decrease
in fee earning AUM based on invested capital or NAV was due primarily to distributions of income and return of capital by our long-dated
private funds and SMAs as some of our vehicles are no longer in the investment period. 

12  

The table below presents the roll forward of
Fee Earning AUM for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents
increases or temporary reductions during the period through equity and debt offerings, as well as any increases in capital commitments.
With respect to long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents new commitments or gross inflows, respectively. 

(2)   Represents the permanent reduction in equity or leverage
during the period. 

(3)   Represents distributions of income, return of capital and
return of portfolio investment capital to the fund. 

(4)   Includes interest income, realized and unrealized gains
(losses), fees and/or expenses. 

Total fee earning AUM decreased
by $46.8 million, or 1%, as of September 30, 2016 compared to total fee earning AUM as of June 30, 2016 and was due primarily to
distributions of income and return of capital by our long-dated private funds and SMAs as some of our vehicles are no longer in
the investment period. 

The table below presents the roll forward of
Fee Earning AUM for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)   With respect to permanent capital vehicles, represents
increases or temporary reductions during the period through equity and debt offerings, as well as any increases in capital commitments.
With respect to long-dated private funds and SMAs, represents new commitments or gross inflows, respectively. 

(2)   Represents the permanent reduction in equity or leverage
during the period. 

(3)   Represents distributions of income, return of capital and
return of portfolio investment capital to the fund. 

(4)   Includes interest income, realized and unrealized gains
(losses), fees and/or expenses. 

Total fee earning AUM decreased
by $191.1 million, or 6%, to $3.1 billion as of September 30, 2016 compared to total fee earning AUM as of December 31, 2015, due
primarily to distributions of income and return of capital by our long-dated private funds and SMAs as some of our vehicles are
no longer in the investment period. 

13  

Returns   

The following section sets
forth historical performance for our active funds. 

Sierra Income Corporation (SIC)   

We launched SIC, our first
public non-traded permanent capital vehicle, in April 2012. SIC primarily focuses on direct lending to middle market borrowers
in the U.S. Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 233 investments and have invested a total of $1.5 billion.
As of September 30, 2016, the fee earning AUM was $1.2 billion. The performance for SIC as of September 30, 2016 is summarized
below: 

Annualized Net Total Return (1) :    
        6.4  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        0.6  %  
 
     Average Recovery:    
        81.7  %  

Medley Capital Corporation (MCC)   

We launched MCC, our first
permanent capital vehicle in January 2011. MCC primarily focuses on direct lending to private middle market borrowers in the U.S.
Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 161 investments and have invested a total of $1.9 billion. As of September
30, 2016, excluding Medley SBIC LP, the fee earning AUM was $795 million. The performance for MCC as of September 30, 2016 is summarized
below: 

Annualized Net Total Return (2) :    
        6.8  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        1.4  %  
 
     Average Recovery (3) :    
        NM     

Medley SBIC LP (Medley SBIC)   

We launched Medley SBIC
in March 2013 as a wholly owned subsidiary of MCC. Medley SBIC lends to smaller middle market private borrowers that we otherwise
would not target in our other funds, due primarily to size. Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 26 investments
and have invested a total of $313 million. As of September 30, 2016, the fee earning AUM was $236 million. The performance for
Medley SBIC fund as of September 30, 2016 is summarized below: 

Gross Internal Rate of Return (4) :    
        14.5  %  
 
     Net Internal Rate of Return (5) :    
        16.2  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        0.0  %  
 
     Average Recovery:    
        N/A     

Medley Opportunity Fund II LP (MOF II)   

MOF II is a long-dated
private investment fund that we launched in December 2010. MOF II lends to middle market private borrowers, with a focus on providing
senior secured loans. Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 66 investments and have invested a total of $902
million. As of September 30, 2016, the fee earning AUM was $416 million. MOF II is currently fully invested and actively managing
its assets. The performance for MOF II as of September 30, 2016 is summarized below: 

Gross Internal Rate of Return (4) :    
        11.4  %  
 
     Net Internal Rate of Return (6) :    
        6.8  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        1.3  %  
 
     Average Recovery (3) :    
        NM     

14  

Medley Opportunity Fund III LP (MOF III)    

MOF III is a long-dated
private investment fund that we launched in December 2014. MOF III lends to middle market private borrowers in the U.S., with a
focus on providing senior secured loans. Since inception, we have provided capital for a total of 19 investments and have invested
a total of $118 million. As of September 30, 2016, the fee earning AUM was $113 million. The performance for MOF III as of September
30, 2016 is not meaningful given the fund s limited operations and capital invested to date.          

Separately Managed Accounts (SMAs)   

In the case of our separately
managed accounts, the investor, rather than us, may control the assets or investment vehicle that holds or has custody of the related
investments. Certain subsidiaries of Medley LLC serve as the investment adviser for our SMAs. Since inception, we have provided
capital for a total of 87 investments and have invested a total of $618 million. As of September 30, 2016, the fee earning AUM
in our SMAs was $384 million. The aggregate performance of our SMAs as of September 30, 2016 is summarized below: 

Gross Internal Rate of Return (4) :    
        9.5  %  
 
     Net Internal Rate of Return (7) :    
        7.7  %  
 
     Annualized Realized Losses on Invested Capital:    
        0.2  %  
 
     Average Recovery (3) :    
        NM     

Medley Credit Opportunity Fund (MCOF)   

We launched MCOF in July
2016 to meet the current demand for equity capital solutions in the traditional corporate debt-backed collateralized loan obligation
( CLO ) market. Its investment objective is to generate current income, and also to generate capital appreciation through
investing in CLO equity, as well as, equity and junior debt tranches trading in the secondary market. As of September 30, 2016,
the fee earning AUM was $15 million. The performance of MCOF as of September 30, 2016 is not meaningful given the fund s
limited operations and capital invested to date. 

(1)    Annualized Net Total Return for SIC represents the annualized
return assuming an investment at the initial public offering price, reinvestments of all dividends and distributions at prices
obtained under SIC s dividend reinvestment plan and selling at the NAV as of the measurement date. 

(2)    Annualized Net Total Return for MCC, including Medley SBIC,
represents the annualized return assuming an investment at the initial public offering price, reinvestments of all dividends and
distributions at prices obtained under MCC's dividend reinvestment plan and selling at NAV as of the measurement date. 

(3)    Average Recovery includes only those realized investments
in which we experience a loss of principal on a cumulative cash flow basis and is calculated by dividing the total actual cash
inflows for each respective investment, including all interest, principal and fee note repayments, dividends and transactions
fees, if applicable, by the total actual cash outflows for each respective investment. For MCC, MOF II and the SMAs, we have presented
the Average Recovery as  NM  or  Not Meaningful  because we believe the number of realized losses for
each respective vehicle is not sufficient to provide an accurate representation of the expected Average Recovery for each vehicle. 

(4)    For MOF II, SMAs and Medley SBIC, the Gross Internal Rate
of Return represents the cumulative investment performance from inception of each respective fund through September 30, 2016.
The Gross Internal Rate of Return includes both realized and unrealized investments and excludes the impact of base management
fees, incentive fees and other fund related expenses. For realized investments, the investment returns were calculated based on
the actual cash outflows and inflows for each respective investment and include all interest, principal and fee note repayments,
dividends and transactions fees, if applicable. For unrealized investments, the investment returns were calculated based on the
actual cash outflows and inflows for each respective investment and include all interest, principal and fee note repayments, dividends
and transactions fees, if applicable. The investment return assumes that the remaining unrealized portion of the investment is
realized at the investment s most recent fair value, as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. There can be no assurance
that the investments will be realized at these fair values and actual results may differ significantly. 

(5)    Earnings from Medley SBIC are paid to MCC. The Net Internal
Rate of Return for Medley SBIC was calculated based upon i) the actual cash contribution and distributions to/from MCC and Medley
SBIC ii) an allocable portion of MCC s management and incentive fees and general fund related expenses and iii) assumes
the NAV as of the measurement date is distributed to MCC. As of September 30, 2016, Medley SBIC Net Internal Rate of Return as
described above assuming only the inclusion of management fees was 19.4%. 

15  

(6)    Net Internal Rate of Return for MOF II was calculated net
of all management fees and carried interest allocation since inception and was computed based on the actual dates of capital contributions
and the ending aggregate partners  capital at the end of the period. 

(7)    Net Internal Rate of Return for our SMAs was calculated
using the Gross Internal Rate of Return, as described in note 4, and includes the actual management fees, incentive fees and general
fund related expenses. 

Results of Operations  

The following table and
discussion sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Medley have been prepared on substantially the
same basis for all historical periods presented. 

16  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared
to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues   

Management Fees. 
Total management fees decreased by $2.9 million, or 16%, to $15.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Our management fees from permanent capital vehicles decreased by $2.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Management fees from SIC increased by $2.6 million due to an increase
in Part I incentive fees and a 10% increase in fee earning AUM for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
period in 2015. Management fees from MCC decreased by $5.4 million due to a decrease in Part I incentive fees and a 17% decrease
in average fee earning AUM for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.   

Our management fees from long-dated private funds and SMAs decreased by $0.1 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in management
fees, partly offset by an increase in origination fees.   

Performance Fees. 
Performance fees increased to $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of performance
fees of $14.6 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was due to an accrual of SMA performance fees for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of performance fees of MOF II for the three months ended September 30, 2015, as
a result of a decline in the underlying fund values. 

Other Revenues and Fees. 
Other revenues and fees increased by $0.3 million, or 15%, to $2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in administrative fees from our permanent capital vehicles
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

Expenses   

Compensation and Benefits. 
Compensation and benefits increased by $1.1 million, or 18% to $7.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in base salaries, stock compensation incurred with the
grant of restricted stock units during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and discretionary compensation.  

Performance Fee Compensation. 
Performance fee compensation expense reversal decreased to $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to an expense reversal of $3.7 million for the same period in 2015. The variance in performance fee compensation was due primarily
to a decrease in reversals of performance fee compensation. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, our performance fee
compensation payable decreased due to a decrease in the projected future payments. 

General, Administrative
and Other Expenses . General, administrative and other expenses increased by $7.2 million to $8.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in expense support
agreement expenses related to SIC. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Dividend income increased
by $0.1 million to $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase
was due to dividend income from our investment in available-for-sale securities which were acquired during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Interest expense increased
by $0.3 million, or 12%, to $2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The
increase was primarily due to an acceleration of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount relating to prepayments made
on our Term Loan Facility as a result of the refinancing of our indebtedness from the issuance of 6.875% senior notes due 2026
(the  Senior Unsecured Debt ). Average debt outstanding during each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was $105.8 million. 

Other income, net increased
by $0.9 million to $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase
was due primarily to an unrealized gain associated with our shares held in SIC. 

17  

Provision for Income Taxes   

Our effective income tax
rate was 6.0% and 9.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our tax rate is affected by recurring
items, such as permanent differences and income allocated to non-controlling interests which is not subject to federal, state and
local corporate income taxes. It is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year, but are not consistent from
year to year. At the end of each interim period, we estimate the annual effective tax rate and apply that rate to our ordinary
quarterly earnings. The decrease in the effective rate during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015 is attributed to an increase in income not subject to corporate tax as well as the impact of a decrease in the annual
effective rate used during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the annual effective rate used for the six
months ended June 30, 2016. 

Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests
and Non-Controlling Interests    

Net income attributable
to redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries increased by $2.6 million to
$0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily
to no performance fees being recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of MOF II performance
fees during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared
to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenues   

Management Fees. 
Total management fees decreased by $6.4 million, or 11%, to $50.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Our management fees from permanent capital vehicles decreased by $4.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Management fees from SIC increased by $7.5 million due to an increase
in Part I incentive fees and an 18% increase in average fee earning AUM for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in 2015. Management fees from MCC decreased by $11.8 million due to a decrease in Part I incentive fees, as a result
of MCC s revised fee structure effective January 1, 2016, and a 15% decrease in average fee earning AUM for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.   

Our management fees from long-dated private funds and SMAs decreased by $2.1 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in origination
fees, partly offset by an increase in base management fees across all funds.   

Performance Fees. 
Performance fees increased to $1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of performance fees
of $10.6 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was due to an increase in SMA performance fees accrual for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of performance fees of MOF II for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
as a result of a decline in the underlying fund values. 

Other Revenues and Fees. 
Other revenues and fees increased by $0.4 million, or 6%, to $5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in administrative fees from our permanent capital vehicles. 

Expenses   

Compensation and Benefits. 
Compensation and benefits increased by $1.9 million, or 10% to $21.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in salaries and discretionary compensation during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 that resulted from an increase in headcount.  

Performance Fee Compensation. 
Performance fee compensation expense reversal decreased to $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
an expense reversal of $4.6 million for the same period in 2015. The variance in performance fee compensation was due primarily
to a decrease in reversals of performance fee compensation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our performance fee compensation
payable decreased due to a a decrease in the projected future payments. 

General, Administrative
and Other Expenses . General, administrative and other expenses increased by $14.9 million to $25.7 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to an increase in expense support
agreement expenses related to SIC. 

18  

Other Income (Expense)   

Dividend income increased
by $0.1 million to $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase
was due to dividend income from our investment in available-for-sale securities which were acquired during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Interest expense increased
by $0.3 million, or 4%, to $6.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase
was primarily due to an acceleration of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount relating to prepayments made on our Term
Loan Facility as a result of the refinancing of our indebtedness from the issuance of Senior Unsecured Debt. Average debt outstanding
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $105.5 million and $106.1 million, respectively. 

Other expenses, net increased
by $0.5 million to $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase
was due primarily to an increase in expense associated with our revenue share payable. 

Provision for Income Taxes    

Our effective income tax
rate was 8.2% and 10.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our tax rate is affected by recurring
items, such as permanent differences and income allocated to non-controlling interests which is not subject to U.S. federal, state
and local corporate income taxes. It is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year, but are not consistent
from year to year. The decrease in the effective tax rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015 was primarily attributed to a 2.1% reduction resulting from an increase in income not subject to corporate tax. 

Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests
and Non-Controlling Interests    

Net income attributable
to redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries increased by $2.2 million to
$1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due primarily to
no performance fees being recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a reversal of MOF II performance fees
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Reconciliation of Certain Non-GAAP Performance Measures to Consolidated
U.S. GAAP Financial Measures  

In addition to analyzing
our results on a GAAP basis, management also makes operating decisions and assesses business performance based on the financial
and operating metrics and data that are presented without the impact of the consolidation of any funds. Management believes that
these measures provide analysts, investors and management with helpful information regarding our underlying operating performance
and our business, as they remove the impact of items management believes are not reflective of underlying operating performance.
These non-GAAP measures are also used by management for planning purposes, including the preparation of internal budgets; and for
evaluating the effectiveness of operational strategies. Additionally, we believe these non-GAAP measures provide another tool for
investors to use in comparing our results with other companies in our industry, many of whom use similar non-GAAP measures. There
are limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the use of the most directly comparable U.S.
GAAP financial measure and these measures supplement and should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of the results of
operations discussed below. Furthermore, such measures may be inconsistent with measures presented by other companies. 

19  

Net income attributable
to Medley Management Inc. and non-controlling interests in Medley LLC is the U.S. GAAP financial measure most comparable to Core
Net Income or Core EBITDA. The following table is a reconciliation of net income attributable to Medley Management Inc. and non-controlling
interests in Medley LLC on a consolidated basis to Core Net Income and Core EBITDA.  

(1)   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, other non-core
items consist of a $0.2 million acceleration of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount relating to prepayments made
on our Term Loan Facility as a result of the refinancing of our indebtedness from the issuance of Senior Unsecured Debt. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, other non-core items also include a $0.5 million impairment loss on our investment in CK
Pearl Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, other non-core items consist of a one-time $0.1 million severance cost
to former employees. 

(2)   Assumes the conversion by the pre-IPO holders of 23,333,333
LLC units for 23,333,333 shares of Class A common stock at the beginning of each period presented, as well as the vesting of the
weighted average number of restricted stock units during each of the periods presented. 

20  

The calculation of Core
Net Income Per Share is presented in the table below: 

(1)   Assumes that all of our pre-tax earnings are subject to
federal, state and local corporate income taxes. In determining corporate income taxes, we used a combined effective corporate
tax rate of 43.0%. 

Net Income Margin is the U.S. GAAP financial
measure most comparable to Core Net Income Margin. Net Income Margin is equal to Net income attributable to Medley Management Inc.
and non-controlling interests in Medley LLC divided by total revenue. The following table is a reconciliation of Net Income Margin
to Core Net Income Margin. 

(1)   Adjustments to Net income attributable to Medley Management
Inc. and non-controlling interests in Medley LLC to calculate Core Net Income are presented as a percentage of total revenue. 

(2)   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, other non-core
items consist of a $0.2 million acceleration of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount relating to prepayments made
on our Term Loan Facility as a result of the refinancing of our indebtedness from the issuance of Senior Unsecured Debt. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, other non-core items also include a $0.5 million impairment loss on our investment in CK
Pearl Fund. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, other non-core items consist of a one-time $0.1 million severance cost
to former employees. 

(3)   Provision for income taxes is presented as a percentage
of total revenue. 

(4)   Assumes that all of our pre-tax earnings, including adjustments
above, are subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes. In determining corporate income taxes, we used a combined
effective corporate tax rate of 43.0% and presented the calculation as a percentage of total revenue. 

21  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our primary cash flow activities
involve: (i) generating cash flow from operations, which largely includes management fees; (ii) funding capital commitments that
we have made to our funds; (iii) making distributions to our owners; and (iv) borrowings, interest payments and repayments under
our debt facilities. As of September 30, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents were $57.3 million. 

Our material sources of
cash from our operations include: (i) management fees, which are collected quarterly; and (ii) performance fees, which can be less
predictable as to amount and timing. We primarily use cash flows from operations to pay compensation and benefits, general, administrative
and other expenses, federal, state and local corporate income taxes, debt service, capital expenditures and distributions. Our
cash flows, together with the proceeds from equity and debt issuances, are also used to fund investments in limited partnerships,
fixed assets and other capital items. If cash flow from operations were insufficient to fund distributions, we expect that we would
suspend paying such distributions. 

Debt Instruments    

Senior Secured Credit Facilities  

On August 14, 2014, we
entered into a $110.0 million senior secured term loan credit facility (as amended, the  Term Loan Facility ) with
Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder, Credit Suisse Securities (USA)
LLC, as bookrunner and lead arranger, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, which will mature on June 15, 2019. 

On May 3, 2016, the Term
Loan Facility was amended to permit us to issue additional indebtedness with proceeds of such indebtedness to be used to prepay
loans outstanding under the Term Loan Facility. The amendment also provided for the creation and funding of certain future funds,
as well as for certain other technical changes to the Term Loan Facility. 

On August 19, 2014, we
entered into a $15.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with City National Bank (as amended, the  Revolving
Credit Facility  and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ), as administrative
agent and collateral agent thereunder, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, which will mature on August 19, 2017, with
a one-year extension at the option of the borrower, provided certain conditions are met. On May 3, 2016, the Revolving Credit Facility
was amended to permit us to issue additional indebtedness. The amendment also provided for the creation and funding of certain
future funds, as well as for certain other technical changes to the Revolving Credit Facility. We intend to use any proceeds of
borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility for general corporate purposes, including funding our working capital needs. We
have not incurred any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility through the date of this filing. 

Medley LLC is the borrower
under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. In addition, the Term Loan Facility also provides us with the option to raise incremental
credit facilities (including an uncommitted incremental facility that provides the borrower the option to increase the amount available
under the Term Loan Credit Facility by an aggregate of up to $15.0 million, subject to additional increases, provided that the
net leverage ratio as of the last day of any four-fiscal quarter period commencing with the four-fiscal quarter period ending December
31, 2014, shall not exceed 2.0 to 1.0). 

Interest Rate and Fees   

Borrowings under the Term
Loan Facility bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) a Eurodollar margin over an adjusted LIBOR rate (with
a  floor  of 1.0%) or (ii) a base rate margin over an adjusted base rate determined by reference to the highest of
(a) the term loan administrative agent s prime rate; (b) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day plus 0.5%;
and (c) an adjusted LIBOR rate plus 1.0%. The applicable margins for the Term Loan Facility are 5.5%, in the case of Eurodollar
loans and 4.5%, in the case of adjusted base rate loans. 

Borrowings under the Revolving
Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (1) a Eurodollar margin over an adjusted LIBOR rate or
(2) a base rate margin over an adjusted base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the term loan administrative agent s
prime rate; (b) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day plus 0.5%; and (c) an adjusted LIBOR rate plus 1.0%. The
applicable margins for the Revolving Credit Facility are (i) if the ratio of net debt to Core EBITDA is less than 1.0 to 1.0, 1.5%
in the case of adjusted base rate loans, and, in the case of Eurodollar loans, (x) 3.0% until maturity; and (ii) if the ratio of
net debt to Core EBITDA is greater than or equal to 1.0 to 1.0, 2.50% in the case of adjusted base rate loans, and, in the case
of Eurodollar loans, (x) 3.25% until maturity. 

22  

In addition to paying interest
on outstanding principal under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, (i) on the closing date of the Term Loan Facility we were
required to pay commitment fees to the lenders under the Term Loan Facility in an amount equal to 1% of the aggregate amount of
term loans borrowed on the closing date of the Term Loan Facility; and (ii) in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, we are
required to pay an unused line fee of 0.25% per annum of the unused portion of the commitments. 

Prepayments   

The Senior Secured Credit Facilities require
us to prepay outstanding term loans, subject to certain exceptions, with: 

100% of the net cash proceeds (including insurance and condemnation proceeds) of all nonpermitted
asset sales or other dispositions of property by the borrower and its subsidiaries, subject to de minimis thresholds, if those
net cash proceeds are not reinvested in like assets, financial assets, or other financial services investment strategies within
12 months of the receipt of such net cash proceeds;   

100% of the net proceeds of any incurrence of debt by the borrower or any of its restricted subsidiaries,
other than debt permitted to be incurred or issued under the senior secured credit facilities; and   

100% of the amount of any equity contributions made to the borrower for the purpose of causing
the borrowing to be in compliance with the financial maintenance covenant set forth in the Term Loan Facility.   

The foregoing mandatory
prepayments will be applied, first, to the next succeeding four scheduled installments due in respect of the term loans in direct
order of maturity and, thereafter, pro rata to the remaining scheduled installments of the term loans. 

We have the ability to
voluntarily repay outstanding loans at any time without premium or penalty, other than customary  breakage  costs with
respect to LIBOR rate loans and a make-whole premium on voluntary prepayments of term loans on or prior to August 14, 2016 to the
extent such prepayments exceed $33.0 million in the aggregate, which make-whole premium will be in an amount equal to the then
present value of the required interest payments not yet made (assuming an interest rate equal to the adjusted LIBOR rate with a
one month interest period made on the date of such prepayment or assignment plus the applicable Eurodollar margin with respect
thereto) on the principal amount of the term loan so prepaid that but for such prepayment would have been payable through June
15, 2019 using a discount rate equal to the treasury rate as of the date of such prepayment or assignment plus 50 basis points. 

In October 2014, we voluntarily
prepaid $15.0 million of the outstanding term loans under this facility using a portion of the proceeds received from our IPO.
The $15.0 million prepayment was applied against the first quarterly installment which was due on March 31, 2015, as well as the
remaining quarterly installments through June 30, 2017. 

In August 2016, the Company
voluntarily prepaid $23.5 million of outstanding term loans under this facility using the net proceeds from the Senior Unsecured
Debt. The $23.5 million prepayment was applied against the remaining quarterly installments starting June 30, 2017 and a portion
of the Term Loan Facility payable at maturity. 

Amortization   

The Term Loan Facility
requires principal repayments in quarterly installments equal to $1,375,000 (which amount may be adjusted as a result of prepayment
or incremental term loans drawn), with the remaining amount payable on the applicable maturity date with respect to such term loans. 

Guarantees and Collateral   

The obligations under the
Senior Secured Credit Facilities are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by certain of Medley LLC s subsidiaries,
including Medley Capital LLC, MOF II Management LLC, MOF III Management LLC, Medley SMA Advisors LLC, Medley GP Holdings LLC, and
Medley GP LLC (the  credit agreement guarantors ). In addition, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are collateralized
by first priority or equivalent security interests in (i) all the capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the borrower
and each of the borrower s and credit agreement guarantors  direct or indirect domestic subsidiaries and 65% of the
capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each of the borrower s or any subsidiary guarantors  direct wholly
owned first-tier restricted foreign subsidiaries, and (ii) certain tangible and intangible assets of the borrower and the credit
agreement guarantors (subject to certain exceptions and qualifications). 

None of our non-wholly
owned domestic subsidiaries are obligated to guarantee the Term Loan Facility or Revolving Credit Facility. Such subsidiaries include
MCC Advisors LLC, SIC Advisors LLC, MOF II GP LLC and MOF III GP LLC. 

23  

Certain Covenants and Events of Default   

The Senior Secured Credit
Facilities contain a number of significant affirmative and negative covenants and customary events of default. Such covenants,
among other things, will limit or restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the borrower and its restricted subsidiaries
to: 

incur additional indebtedness, make guarantees and enter into hedging arrangements;   

create liens on assets;   

enter into sale and leaseback transactions;   

engage in mergers or consolidations;   

make fundamental changes;   

pay dividends and distributions or repurchase our capital stock;   

make investments, loans and advances, including acquisitions;   

engage in certain transactions with affiliates;   

make changes in the nature of their business; and   

make prepayments of junior debt.   

In addition, the credit
agreements governing our Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain a financial covenant that requires us to maintain, with respect
to each four quarter period, a ratio of net debt to Core EBITDA not greater than 3.5 to 1.0. The ratio of net debt to Core EBITDA
in respect of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities is calculated using our financial results and includes the adjustments made
to calculate Core EBITDA.  

Our Senior Secured Credit
Facilities contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default. If an event of
default occurs, the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities will be entitled to take various actions, including the
acceleration of amounts due under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. 

Senior Unsecured Debt   

On August 9, 2016,
Medley LLC completed a registered public offering of $25.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% senior notes due
2026 at a public offering price of 100% of the principal amount. The notes mature on August 15, 2026 and interest is payable
quarterly commencing on November 15, 2016. The Senior Unsecured Debt  is subject to redemption in whole or in part at any
time or from time to time, at the option of the Company, on or after August 15, 2019 at a redemption price per security equal
to 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable for the then
current quarterly interest period accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. The Senior Unsecured Debt is
listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trade thereon under the trading symbol  MDLX.  As of September 30,
2016, the outstanding debt under the Senior Unsecured Debt amounted to $23.4 million, which is reflected net of debt issuance
costs of $1.6 million. Debt issuance costs under the Senior Unsecured Debt are being accreted, using the effective interest
method, over the term of the Senior Unsecured Debt. Total interest expense under the Senior Unsecured Debt, including
amortization of debt issuance costs, was $0.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net proceeds
from the issuance of the Senior Unsecured Debt were used to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Term
Loan Facility. The fair value of the outstanding balance of Senior Unsecured Debt was $24.6 million as of September 30,
2016. 

Non-Recourse Promissory Notes  

In April 2012, we borrowed
$5.0 million under a non-recourse promissory note with a foundation, and $5.0 million under a non-recourse promissory note with
a trust. Proceeds from the borrowings were used to purchase 1,108,033 shares of common stock of SIC, which were pledged as collateral
for the obligations. Interest on the notes is paid monthly and is equal to the dividends received by us related to the pledged
shares. We may prepay the notes in whole or in part at any time without penalty. The notes are scheduled to mature in March 2019.
The proceeds from the notes were recorded net of issuance costs of $3.8 million and are being accrued, using the effective interest
method, over the term of the non-recourse promissory notes. 

24  

Notes Payable  

In March 2014, we issued
a promissory note in the amount of $2.5 million to a former Medley member in connection with the purchase of his membership interests.
The promissory note carried no interest, had quarterly amortization payments of $0.3 million and matured in March 2016. As of December
31, 2015, $0.3 million was outstanding in respect of this note. 

Cash Flows   

The significant captions
and amounts from our consolidated financial statements are summarized below. Negative amounts represent a net outflow, or use of
cash. 

Operating Activities    

Our net cash flow provided
by operating activities was $7.9 million and $10.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net cash flow provided by operating activities was due to net income of
$3.3 million and $17.0 million, respectively, non-cash adjustments of $4.3 million and $15.7 million, respectively, and changes
in operating assets and liabilities of $0.3 million and $(22.0) million, respectively. 

Investing Activities   

Our investing activities
generally reflect cash used for acquisitions of fixed assets, distributions received from our equity method investments and, in
2016, purchases of available-for-sale securities. Purchases of fixed assets were $1.9 million and $0.1 million, respectively, for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Distributions received from equity method investments were $1.1 million and
$0.2 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Purchases of available-for-sale securities were $8.8
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no purchases of available-for-sale securities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 

Financing Activities   

Dividends paid are presented
as a use of cash of $4.1 million and $2.7 million, respectively for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Distributions
to members and redeemable non-controlling interests are presented as a use of cash from financing activities and were $18.7 million
and $29.5 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Capital contributions from non-controlling
interests and redeemable non-controlling interests resulted in an inflow of cash of $12.0 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. Repurchases of Class A common stock represented a use of cash from financing activities of $1.2 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. There were no repurchases of Class A common stock or capital contributions for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015.         

On August 9, 2016, we completed our registered
public offering of Senior Unsecured Debt. The proceeds from the offering, net of offering expenses payable by us, amounted to $24.2
million. The net proceeds from the offering were used to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility.
Repayments of debt obligations resulted in an outflow of cash of $23.8 million and $0.9 million, respectively, for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

25  

Sources and Uses of Liquidity   

Our sources of liquidity
are (i) cash on hand, (ii) net working capital, (iii) cash flows from operations, including performance fees, (iv) realizations
on our investments, (v) net proceeds from borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and issuances of publicly-registered
debt and (vi) other potential financings. We believe that these sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund our working capital
requirements and to meet our commitments in the foreseeable future. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will be comprised
of cash to (i) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing investment management business, (ii) fund our commitments
to funds that we advise, (iii) provide capital to facilitate our expansion into business that are complementary to our existing
investment management business, (iv) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees and payments under the
TRA, (v) fund capital expenditures, (vi) pay income taxes, and (vii) make distributions to our shareholders in accordance with
our dividend policy. 

We intend to use a portion
of our available liquidity to fund cash dividends to our common shareholders on a quarterly basis. Our ability to fund cash dividends
to our common shareholders is dependent on a myriad of factors, including among others: general economic and business conditions;
our strategic plans and prospects; our business and investment opportunities; timing of capital calls by our funds in support of
our commitments; our financial condition and operating results; working capital requirements and other anticipated cash needs;
contractual restrictions and obligations; legal, tax and regulatory restrictions; restrictions on the payment of distributions
by our subsidiaries to us; and other relevant factors. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

We prepare our condensed
consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make
assumptions, estimates or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated
financial statements. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances. These assumptions, estimates or judgments, however, are both subjective and subject to change, and actual
results may differ from our assumptions and estimates. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions
are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following critical
accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates
or judgments. See Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included in this Form 10-Q for a summary of our significant accounting policies. 

Principles of Consolidation    

In accordance with ASC
810,  Consolidation , we consolidate those entities where we have a direct and indirect controlling financial interest based
on either a variable interest model or voting interest model. As such, we consolidate entities that we conclude are VIEs, for which
we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary and entities in which we hold a majority voting interest or have majority ownership
and control over the operational, financial and investing decisions of that entity. 

In February 2015, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810)   Amendments to the Consolidation
Analysis,  which changes the consolidation analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate
certain types of legal entities. We elected to early adopt this new guidance using the modified retrospective method effective
January 1, 2015. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2015-02, we determined that we are no longer the primary beneficiary of the
funds. Therefore, we deconsolidated certain funds that had been previously consolidated under previous guidance effective January
1, 2015. Restatement of periods prior to January 1, 2015 was not required. 

For legal entities evaluated
for consolidation, we must determine whether the interests that it holds and fees paid to it qualify as a variable interest in
an entity. This includes an evaluation of the management fees and performance fees paid to us when acting as a decision maker or
service provider to the entity being evaluated. Under the new guidance, (1) fees received by us that are customary and commensurate
with the level of services provided, and (2) we don t hold other economic interests in the entity that would absorb more
than an insignificant amount of the expected losses or returns of the entity, would not be considered a variable interest. We factor
in all economic interests including proportionate interests through related parties, to determine if fees are considered a variable
interest. Prior to the adoption of the new consolidation guidance, these fees were considered variable interests by us. 

An entity in which we hold
a variable interest is a VIE if any one of the following conditions exist: (a) the total equity investment at risk is not sufficient
to permit the legal entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, (b) the holders of equity
investment at risk have the right to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the legal entity s
economic performance, (c) the voting rights of some investors are disproportionate to their obligation to absorb losses or rights
to receive returns from a legal entity. Under the new guidance, for limited partnerships and other similar entities, non-controlling
investors must have substantive rights to either dissolve the fund or remove the general partner ( kick-out rights )
in order to qualify as a VIE. 

26  

For those entities that
qualify as a VIE, the primary beneficiary is generally defined as the party who has a controlling financial interest in the VIE.
We are generally deemed to have a controlling financial interest if we have (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that
most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and (b) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from
the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time
we become initially involved with the VIE and we reconsider that conclusion continuously. The primary beneficiary evaluation is
generally performed qualitatively on the basis of all facts and circumstances. However, quantitative information may also be considered
in the analysis, as appropriate. These assessments require judgments. Each entity is assessed for consolidation on a case-by-case
basis.  

For those entities evaluated
under the voting interest model, we consolidate the entity if we have a controlling financial interest. We have a controlling financial
interest in a voting interest entity ( VOE ) if we own a majority voting interest in the entity. Prior to the new guidance,
we consolidated VOE s where we were the general partner and as such, were presumed to have control. 

Performance Fees   

Performance fees are based
on certain specific hurdle rates as defined in the funds  applicable investment management or partnership agreements. Performance
fees are recorded on an accrual basis to the extent such amounts are contractually due. 

We have elected to adopt
Method 2 of ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition , for revenue based on a formula. Under this method, we are entitled to performance-based
fees that can amount to as much as 20.0% of a fund's profits, subject to certain hurdles. Performance-based fees are assessed as
a percentage of the investment performance of the funds. The performance fee for any period is based upon an assumed liquidation
of the fund's net assets on the reporting date, and distribution of the net proceeds in accordance with the fund 's income allocation
provisions. The performance fees may be subject to reversal to the extent that the performance fees recorded exceeds the amount
due to the general partner or investment manager based on a fund's cumulative investment returns. 

Performance fees receivable
is presented separately in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of financial condition included in this Form 10-Q and
represents performance fees recognized but not yet collected. The timing of the payment of performance fees due to the general
partner or investment manager varies depending on the terms of the applicable fund agreements. 

If applicable, we record
an accrual for the potential repayment of previously received performance fees which represents amounts that would need to be repaid
to the underlying funds if these funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds  investments
as of the reporting date. Our actual obligation, however, would not become payable or realized until the end of a fund s
life. 

Performance Fee Compensation Payable   

We have an obligation to
pay our professionals a portion of the performance fees earned from certain funds. These amounts are accounted for as compensation
expense in conjunction with the recognition of the related performance fee revenue and, until paid, are recognized as performance
fee compensation payable. Performance fee compensation is recognized in the same period that the related performance fees are recognized.
Performance fee compensation can be reversed during periods when there is a decline in performance fees that were previously recognized. 

Income Taxes   

We account for income taxes
using the asset and liability approach, which requires the recognition of tax benefits or expenses for temporary differences between
the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. We also recognize a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if
it is  more likely than not  that the position is sustainable based on its technical merits. Our policy is to recognize
interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions and other tax matters as a component of income tax expense. For interim periods,
we account for income taxes based on its estimate of the effective tax rate for the year. Discrete items and changes in its estimate
of the annual effective tax rate are recorded in the period they occur. 

Medley Management Inc.,
is subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income taxes on its allocable portion of income of Medley LLC at prevailing
corporate tax rates, which are reflected in or condensed consolidated financial statements.  Medley LLC and its subsidiaries
are not subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes since all income, gains and losses are passed through to its
members. However, Medley LLC and its subsidiaries are subject to New York City s unincorporated business tax, which is also
included in our provision for income taxes. 

27  

We analyze our tax filing
positions in all of the U.S. federal, state and local tax jurisdictions where we are required to file income tax returns, as well
as for all open tax years in these jurisdictions. If, based on this analysis, we determine that uncertainties in tax positions
exist, a liability is established. 

Stock-based Compensation   

We account for stock-based
compensation in accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . Under the fair value recognition provision
of this guidance, share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized
as expense over the requisite service period. 

Stock-based compensation
expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and have been reduced for estimated forfeitures. ASC 718 requires forfeitures
to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.
The effect of such change in estimated forfeitures is recognized through a cumulative catch-up adjustment that is included in the
period of the change in estimate. 

The value of the portion
of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as a component of compensation and benefits over the requisite service
periods in our consolidated statements of operations. We elected to use the straight-line method for all awards with graded vesting
features.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Information regarding recent
accounting pronouncements and their impact on us can be found in Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, 
to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In the normal course of
business, we may engage in off-balance sheet arrangements, including transactions in guarantees, commitments, indemnifications
and potential contingent repayment obligations. 

See Note 9,  Commitments
and Contingencies,  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q for a discussion
of our commitments and contingencies. 

Contractual Obligations  

The following
table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016. 

(1)  We lease office space in New York and San Francisco under
non-cancelable lease agreements. In August 2015, the Company signed a new lease for its office space in New York City. The Company s
obligations under the current terms of these leases extend through September 2023. The amounts in this table represent the minimum
lease payments required over the term of the lease, and include operating leases for office equipment. 

(2)  We have included all loans described in Note 6,  Loans
Payable,  and Note 7,  Senior Unsecured Debt,  to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form
10-Q. 

28  

(3)  Our future interest obligations on debt outstanding assume
an interest rate of 6.5% on our Term Loan balance and an interest of 6.875% on our Senior Unsecured Debt balance. 

(4)  Represents equity commitments by us to certain long-dated
private funds managed by us. These amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category. 

Indemnifications  

In the normal course of
business, we enter into contracts that contain indemnities for our affiliates, persons acting on our behalf or such affiliates
and third parties. The terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the maximum exposure under these arrangements,
if any, cannot be determined and has neither been recorded in our consolidated financial statements. As of September 
30 , 2016, we have not had prior claims or losses pursuant to these contracts and expect the risk of loss to be remote. 

Contingent Obligations  

The partnership documents
governing our funds generally include a clawback provision that, if triggered, may give rise to a contingent obligation that may
require the general partner to return amounts to the fund for distribution to investors. Therefore, performance fee revenue, generally,
is subject to reversal in the event that the funds incur future losses. These losses are limited to the extent of the cumulative
performance fee revenue recognized in income to date, net of a portion of taxes paid. Due in part to our investment performance
and the fact that our performance fee revenue is generally determined on a liquidation basis, as of September 
30 , 2016, we accrued $7.1 million for clawback obligations that would need to be paid had the funds been liquidated as of
that date. There can be no assurance that we will not incur additional clawback obligations in the future. If all of the existing
investments were valued at $0, the amount of cumulative performance fee revenue that have been recognized would be reversed. We
believe that the possibility of all of the existing investments becoming worthless is remote. At September 
30 , 2016, had we assumed all existing investments were valued at $0, the net amount of performance fee revenue subject to
additional reversal would have been approximately $4.2 million. 

Performance fee revenue
is also affected by changes in the fair values of the underlying investments in the funds that we advise. Valuations, on an unrealized
basis, can be significantly affected by a variety of external factors including, but not limited to, bond yields and industry trading
multiples. Under the governing agreements of certain of our funds, we may have to fund additional amounts on account of clawback
obligations beyond what we received in performance fee compensation on account of distributions of performance fee payments made
to current or former professionals from such funds if they do not fund their respective shares of such clawback obligations. We
will generally retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those carried interest
recipients who fail to fund their obligations. 

Additionally, at the end
of the life of the funds, there could be a payment due to a fund by us if we have recognized more performance fee revenue than
was ultimately earned. The general partner obligation amount, if any, will depend on final realized values of investments at the
end of the life of the fund. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

Our primary exposure to
market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment adviser to our investment funds and the sensitivity to movements
in the fair value of their investments, including the effect on management fees, performance fees and investment income. 

The market price of
investments may significantly fluctuate during the period of investment. Investments may decline in value due to factors affecting
securities markets generally or particular industries represented in the securities markets. The value of an investment may decline
due to general market conditions which are not specifically related to such investment, such as real or perceived adverse economic
conditions, changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings, changes in interest or currency rates or adverse investor sentiment
generally. They may also decline due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as labor shortages or increased
production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 

Effect on Management Fees   

Management fees are generally
based on a defined percentage of gross asset values, total committed capital, net invested capital and NAV of the investment funds
managed by us as well as a percentage of net interest income over a performance hurdle. Management fees calculated based on fair
value of assets or net investment income are affected by short-term changes in market values. 

29  

The overall impact of a
short-term change in market value may be mitigated by fee definitions that are not based on market value including invested capital
and committed capital, market value definitions that exclude the impact of realized and/or unrealized gains and losses, market
value definitions based on beginning of the period values or a form of average market value including daily, monthly or quarterly
averages, as well as monthly or quarterly payment terms. 

As such, based on an incremental
10% short-term increase in fair value of the investments in our permanent capital vehicles, long-dated private funds and SMAs 
as of September  30 , 2016, we calculated a $0.8 million increase in management fees for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. In the case of a 10% short-term decline in fair value of the investments in our
permanent capital, long-dated funds and SMAs  as of September 30, 2016, we calculated a $1.0 million decrease in management
fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Effect on Performance Fees   

Performance fees are based
on certain specific hurdle rates as defined in the funds' applicable investment management or partnership agreements. The performance
fees for any period are based upon an assumed liquidation of the fund's net assets on the reporting date, and distribution of the
net proceeds in accordance with the fund's income allocation provisions, which can result in a performance-based fee to us, subject
to certain hurdles and benchmarks. The performance fees may be subject to reversal to the extent that the performance fees recorded
exceed the amount due to the general partner or investment manager based on a fund's cumulative investment returns. 

Short-term changes in the
fair values of funds' investments may materially impact accrued performance fees depending on the respective funds' performance
relative to applicable hurdles. The overall impact of a short-term change in market value may be mitigated by a number of factors
including, but not limited to, the way in which carried interest performance fees are calculated, which is not ultimately dependent
on short-term moves in fair market value, but rather realize cumulative performance of the investments through the end of the long-dated
private funds and SMAs  lives. However, short-term moves can meaningfully impact our ability to accrue performance fees and
receive cash payments in any given period. 

As such, based on an incremental
10% short-term increase in fair value of the investments in our long-dated private funds and SMAs  as of September 30, 2016,
we calculated a $34.5 million and $34.3 million increase in performance fees for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively. In the case of a 10% short-term decline in fair value of investments in our long-dated private funds and SMAs 
as of September 30, 2016, we calculated a $2.4 million and $3.1 million decrease in performance fees for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Effect on Part I and Part II Incentive
Fees   

Incentive fees are based
on certain specific hurdle rates as defined in our permanent capital vehicles' applicable investment management agreements. The
Part II incentive fees are based upon realized gains netted against cumulative realized and unrealized losses. The Part I incentive
fees are not subject to clawbacks as our carried interest performance fees are. 

Short-term changes
in the fair values of the investments of our permanent capital vehicles may materially impact Part II incentive fees depending
on the respective vehicle's performance relative to applicable hurdles to the extent there were realized gains that we would otherwise
earn Part II incentive fees on. 

As such, based on an incremental
10% short-term increase in fair value of the investments in our permanent capital vehicles as of September 30, 2016, we calculated
a $5.3 million increase in Part I and II incentive fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. In the case of
a 10% short-term decline in fair value of the investments in our permanent capital vehicles as of September 30, 2016, we calculated
a $0.4 million increase in Part I incentive fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Interest Rate Risk   

As of September 30, 2016,
we had $101.6 million of debt outstanding, presented as debt obligations on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. The annual interest rate on our Term Loan Facility was 6.50% compared to fixed rate of 6.875%
on our Senior Unsecured Debt as of September 30, 2016. 

Based on the floating rate
component of our loans payable as of September 30, 2016, we estimate that in the event of a change of 100 basis point in interest
rates and the outstanding balance as of September 30, 2016, interest expense related to variable rates would increase or decrease
by 15% or $0.2 million and $0.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

30  

As credit-oriented
investors, we are also subject to interest rate risk through the securities we hold in our funds. A 100 basis point increase in
interest rates would be expected to negatively affect prices of securities that accrue interest income at fixed rates and therefore
negatively impact net change in unrealized appreciation on the funds' investments. The actual impact is dependent on the average
duration of such holdings. Conversely, securities that accrue interest at variable rates would be expected to benefit from a 100
basis points increase in interest rates because these securities would generate higher levels of current income and therefore positively
impact interest and dividend income, subject to LIBOR. In the cases where our funds pay management fees based on NAV, we would
expect management fees to experience a change in direction and magnitude corresponding to that experienced by the underlying portfolios. 

Credit Risk   

We are party to agreements
providing for various financial services and transactions that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties
are unable to meet the terms of such agreements. In such agreements, we depend on the respective counterparty to make payment or
otherwise perform. We generally endeavor to minimize our risk of exposure by limiting to reputable financial institutions the counterparties
with which we enter into financial transactions. In other circumstances, availability of financing from financial institutions
may be uncertain due to market events, and we may not be able to access these financing markets.   

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our co-principal executive officers and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals
under all potential future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, with the participation of our
Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, and subject
to the foregoing, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period
covered by this report, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives
at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September  30 , 2016, that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Part II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.     Legal Proceedings   

From time to time, we are
involved in various legal proceedings, lawsuits and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our business are also subject
to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. Except as described below, we are not currently
party to any material legal proceedings. 

MCC Advisors LLC was named
as a defendant in a lawsuit on May 29, 2015, by Moshe Barkat and Modern VideoFilm Holdings, LLC ( MVF Holdings ) against
MCC, MOF II, MCC Advisors LLC, Deloitte Transactions and Business Analytics LLP A/K/A Deloitte ERG ( Deloitte ), Scott
Avila ( Avila ), Charles Sweet, and Modern VideoFilm, Inc. ( MVF ). The lawsuit is pending in the California
Superior Court, Los Angeles County, Central District, as Case No. BC 583437. The lawsuit was filed after Medley Capital Corporation,
as agent for the lender group, exercised remedies following a series of defaults by MVF and MVF Holdings on a secured loan with
an outstanding balance at the time in excess of $65 million. The lawsuit sought damages in excess of $100 million. Deloitte and
Avila have settled the claims against them in exchange for payment of $1.5 million. Following a separate lawsuit by Mr. Barkat
against MVF s D O insurance carrier, the carrier, Charles Sweet and MVF have settled the claims against them. On June
6, 2016, the court granted defendants  demurrers on several counts and dismissed Mr. Barkat s claims except with respect
to his claim for intentional interference with contract. MCC and the other defendants continue to dispute the remaining allegations
and are vigorously defending the lawsuit while pursuing affirmative counterclaims against Mr. Barkat and MVF Holdings. On August
29, 2016, MVF Holdings filed another lawsuit in the California Superior Court, Los Angeles County, Central District, as Case No.
BC 631888 (the  Derivative Action ), naming Medley as a defendant, among others. In the Derivative Action, MVF Holdings
reasserts substantially the same claims that were previously asserted in each of their three prior complaints. MVF Holdings claims
for breach of fiduciary duty and related causes of action have already been dismissed by the California Superior Court on several
occasions, most recently, on June 6, 2016, when the Court dismissed those claims with prejudice. Medley and the other defendants
believe the outstanding claims for alleged interference with Mr. Barkat s employment contract, and the other causes of action
asserted in the Derivative Action are without merit and all defendants intend to continue to assert a vigorous defense. 

31  

CK Pearl Fund, Ltd.
and CK Pearl Fund, LP v. Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass
  Company (Cayman); Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass
  Company (Cayman) v. Medley Capital LLC , filed on September 19, 2016, in the Superior Court of New Jersey Law Division:
Essex County, as Docket No. L-5196-15. On September 28, 2016, Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A., Rothstein
Kass   Co. LLC and Rothstein, Kass   Company (Cayman); Rothstein Kass   Company, P.C., Rothstein-Kass P.A. (the  Rothstein
Companies ) notified Medley Capital LLC that they had filed a Third-Party Complaint naming Medley Capital LLC as an additional
defendant in the pending lawsuit between CK Pearl Fund, Ltd. and CK Pearl Fund, LP (the  CK Pearl Funds ) and the Rothstein
Companies. The CK Pearl Funds  lawsuit against Rothstein Kass was commenced on July 23, 2015. Medley Capital LLC was not
named as a defendant in the CK Pearl Funds  lawsuit. In their First Amended Complaint, the CK Pearl Funds alleged that the
Rothstein Companies failed to exercise reasonable care and diligence in conducting audits of the CK Pearl Funds financial statements
from 2008 to 2013. More specifically, the CK Pearl Funds allege that asset valuations prepared by independent third-party valuation
firms and Medley Capital LLC were overstated and the Rothstein Kass Companies should not have issued audit opinions stating that
the CK Pearl Funds  financial statements were fairly presented. The CK Pearl Funds alleged that, as a result, they paid Medley
Capital LLC greater management fees than were otherwise due and that the CK Pearl Funds lost money on follow-on investments that
they otherwise would not have made. The CK Pearl Funds  complaint seeks damages in excess of $125 million. From 2007 through
2014, the CK Pearl Funds were named Medley Opportunity Fund Ltd and Medley Opportunity Fund LP and Medley Capital LLC acted as
investment manager to the CK Pearl Funds. On September 19, 2016, the Rothstein Companies filed an answer denying the CK Pearl Funds 
allegations and a cross-complaint against the CK Pearl Funds and a third-party complaint against Medley Capital LLC. The complaints
filed by the Rothstein Companies allege that the CK Pearl Funds and/or Medley Capital LLC were responsible for valuations and,
if any financial statements or any valuations were overstated, the CK Pearl Funds and/or Medley Capital LLC, not the Rothstein
Companies, were responsible. Medley Capital LLC is demanding indemnification pursuant to its contractual agreements with the CK
Pearl Funds and contribution from both the CK Pearl Funds and their independent directors with respect to the claims asserted by
the Rothstein Companies. Medley Capital LLC disputes the allegations and intends to defend the case vigorously. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors  

For a discussion of our potential risks and
uncertainties, see the information under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part I., Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form
10-K, which is accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None. 

Item 3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not Applicable. 

Item 5.     Other Information  

None. 

Item 6.     Exhibits  

The required exhibits are listed in the Exhibit
Index and are incorporated herein by reference. 

32  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

MEDLEY MANAGEMENT INC.   

(Registrant)  

Date: November 14, 2016 
     By: 
      /s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.   

Richard T. Allorto Jr.  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory)  

33  

EXHIBIT INDEX   
 
      Exhibit No.  
       
      Description   

3.1 
       
     Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Medley Management Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36638) filed on September 29, 2014)  

3.2 
       
     Amended and Restated By-Laws of Medley Management Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36638) filed on September 29, 2014)  

4.1 
       
     Indenture, dated August 9, 2016, between Medley LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Medley LLC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2016).  

4.2 
       
     First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 9, 2016, between Medley LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of note attached as an exhibit thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Medley LLC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2016).  

4.3 
       
      Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2016, between Medley LLC and U.S. Bank National
Association, as Trustee, with the form of note included therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Medley LLC s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2016) 

31.1* 
       
     Certification by Co-Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2* 
       
     Certification by Co-Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.3* 
       
     Certification by Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1* 
       
     Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2* 
       
     Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.3* 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS* 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

* Filed herewith 

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to
this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements
or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties
made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document
and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

34  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451032_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Brook Taube, certify that:     

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of Medley Management Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

By: 
     /s/ Brook Taube  

Brook Taube   

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman   

(Co-Principal Executive Officer)   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451032_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Seth Taube, certify that:     

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of Medley Management Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

By: 
     /s/ Seth Taube  

Seth Taube   

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman   

(Co-Principal Executive Officer)   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 v451032_ex31-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 31.3  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Richard T. Allorto, Jr., certify that:     

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of Medley Management Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;    

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

By: 
     /s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.  

Richard T. Allorto, Jr.   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v451032_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY  

  ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Medley Management Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Brook Taube, Co-Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

By: 
     /s/ Brook Taube  

Brook Taube   

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman   

(Co-Principal Executive Officer)   

November 14, 2016 

A signed original of this certification
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v451032_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY  

  ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Medley Management Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Seth Taube, Co-Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

By: 
     /s/ Seth Taube  

Seth Taube   

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman   

(Co-Principal Executive Officer)   

November 14, 2016 

A signed original of this certification
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 v451032_ex32-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

Exhibit 32.3  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY  

  ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Medley Management Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard T. Allorto, Jr., Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

By:  
      /s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr.   

Richard T. Allorto, Jr.    

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer)    

November 14, 2016 

A signed original of this certification
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears
in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing
certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document.  

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 mdly-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mdly-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 mdly-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mdly-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mdly-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mdly-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

