<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1075736_0001654954-16-003807_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4040330</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104783</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>223822</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1436152</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1409735</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>780919</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>25</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003807.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114060505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003807
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Crexendo, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001075736
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				870591719
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32277
		FILM NUMBER:		161990005

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 S. 52ND STREET
		CITY:			TEMPE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85281
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8012270004

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 S. 52ND STREET
		CITY:			TEMPE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85281

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IMERGENT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020710

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NETGATEWAY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990527

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003807.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 cxdo_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended   September 30,
2016  

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.  

For
the transition period from ________ to ________. 

Commission
file number 001-32277 

Crexendo, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(602) 714-8500 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if
changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes        No          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if
any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).   Yes        No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check
one). 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes    No  . 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock
as of October 31, 2016 was 13,413,556. 

INDEX 

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item 1. 

Financial Statements 

3 

Item 2. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations 

20  

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

30 

Item 4. 

Controls and Procedures 

30 

PART
II   
  OTHER INFORMATION      

Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings 

31 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

31 

Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds 

31 

Item 6. 

Exhibits 

31 

Signatures 

32 

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item 1.  

  Financial
Statements. 

CREXENDO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands, except par value and share data) 

(unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

3 

CREXENDO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share and share data) 

(unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

4 

CREXENDO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 

(In thousands, except share data) 

(unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

5 

CREXENDO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands) 

(unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

6 

CREXENDO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited) 

1.              

Significant Accounting Policies 

Description of Business
-   Crexendo, Inc. (CXDO) is
incorporated in the state of Delaware. As used hereafter in the
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements, we refer to
Crexendo, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, as
 we,   us,   the Company,  or
 our Company . We are a hosted services company that
provides hosted telecommunications services, broadband internet
services and website hosting for businesses. Our services are
designed to make enterprise-class hosting services available to any
size businesses at affordable monthly rates. The Company has two
operating segments, which consist of Hosted Telecommunications
Services and Web Services.  

The
Company has transformed into a start-up company with the inherent
risks and uncertainties of funding operations until profitability
is achieved. We currently plan to fund our operations during the
next twelve months using our cash and cash equivalents of $854,000.
However, after considering the Company s historical negative
cash flow from operating activities as well as internal forecasts,
such amount does not appear adequate to fund our anticipated cash
needs for the next twelve months. Accordingly, the Company will be
required to obtain additional debt or equity financing such as that
available from its CEO to sustain operations. The Company received
a commitment from the CEO, and majority shareholder, in November
2016 that in addition to the $1,000,000 available under the note
payable agreement, he would exercise all warrants received in
connection with the note payable agreement dated December 30, 2015
(Note 8) if additional capital is necessary to fund operations
through December 31, 2017. Based on such commitment, along with its
cash resources and loan borrowing availability, the Company
believes it will have sufficient funds to sustain its operations
during the next twelve months as a result of the sources of funding
detailed above. 

Basis of Presentation
    The condensed
consolidated financial statements include the accounts and
operations of Crexendo, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
which include Crexendo Business Solutions, Inc., StoresOnline Inc.,
StoresOnline International Canada ULC, Avail 24/7 Inc., and
Crexendo International, Inc. All intercompany account balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The
accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles ( US GAAP ), consistent in all
material respects with those applied in our consolidated financial
statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. Because these financial
statements address interim periods, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles for complete financial statements. Such
interim financial information is unaudited but reflects all
adjustments that in the opinion of management are necessary for the
fair presentation of the interim periods presented. The results of
operations presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the
year ending December 31, 2016 or for any future periods. This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with
the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and
footnotes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015.  

Certain
prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the
current period presentation. These reclassifications had no effect
on the reported results of operations. 

Cash and Cash
Equivalents   -     We consider all highly liquid,
short-term investments with maturities of three months or less at
the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents in
financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits in the
amount of $626,000 and $1,384,000,
respectively.  

Restricted Cash 
   We classified $100,000 and
$112,000 as restricted cash as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. Cash is restricted for compensating balance
requirements on purchasing card agreements. As of September 30,
2016, we had restricted cash in financial institutions in excess of
federally insured limits in the amount of
$100,000.  

Trade Receivables 
   Trade receivables from our
hosted telecommunications and web services segments are recorded at
invoiced amounts. We have historically offered to our web site
development software customers the option to finance, typically
through 24 and 36-month extended payment term agreements
( EPTAs ). EPTAs are reflected as short-term and
long-term trade receivables, as applicable, as we have the intent
and ability to hold the receivables for the foreseeable future,
until maturity or payoff. EPTAs are recorded on a nonaccrual cash
basis beginning on the contract date.  

Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts    The allowance
represents estimated losses resulting from customers  failure
to make required payments. The allowance estimate is based on
historical collection experience, specific identification of
probable bad debts based on collection efforts, aging of trade
receivables, customer payment history, and other known factors,
including current economic conditions. We believe that the
allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate based on our assessment
to date, however, actual collection results may differ materially
from our expectations.  

7 

Inventory     Finished goods telecommunications
equipment inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
(first-in, first-out method). In accordance with applicable
accounting guidance, we regularly evaluate whether inventory is
stated at the lower of cost or market.  

Certificate of Deposit 
 - We hold a $252,000 certificate of
deposit as collateral for merchant accounts, which automatically
renews every 12 months. The certificate of deposit is classified as
long-term in the consolidated balance sheets.  

Property and Equipment 
 - Depreciation and amortization
expense is computed using the straight-line method in amounts
sufficient to allocate the cost of depreciable assets over their
estimated useful lives ranging from two to five years. The cost of
leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the
term of the related lease. Depreciation expense is included in
general and administrative expenses and totaled $3,000 and $13,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively and $12,000 and $49,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Depreciable lives by
asset group are as follows:  

Computer and office equipment 

2 to 5 years 

Computer software 

3 years 

Furniture and fixtures 

4 years 

Leasehold improvements 

2 to 5 years 

Maintenance
and repairs are expensed as incurred. The cost and accumulated
depreciation of property and equipment sold or otherwise retired
are removed from the accounts and any related gain or loss on
disposition is reflected in net income or loss for the
year. 

Goodwill     Goodwill is tested for impairment using a
fair-value-based approach on an annual basis (December 31) and
between annual tests if indicators of potential impairment
exist.  

Intangible Assets 
 - Our intangible assets consist
primarily of customer relationships and developed technology. The
intangible assets are amortized following the patterns in which the
economic benefits are consumed. We periodically review the
estimated useful lives of our intangible assets and review these
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be
recoverable. The determination of impairment is based on estimates
of future undiscounted cash flows. If an intangible asset is
considered to be impaired, the amount of the impairment will be
equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of
the asset.  

Use of Estimates - 
 In preparing the consolidated
financial statements, management makes assumptions, estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
amounts of net sales and expenses during the reported
periods.  Specific estimates and judgments include
valuation of goodwill and intangible assets in connection with
business acquisitions, allowances for doubtful accounts,
uncertainties related to certain income tax benefits, valuation of
deferred income tax assets, valuations of share-based payments and
recoverability of long-lived assets.  Management s
estimates are based on historical experience and on our
expectations that are believed to be reasonable.  The
combination of these factors forms the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results may
differ from our current estimates and those differences may be
material.  

Revenue Recognition - 
 In general, we recognize revenue when
all of the following conditions are satisfied: (1) there is
persuasive evidence of an arrangement; (2) the product or service
has been provided to the customer; (3) the amount of fees to be
paid by the customer is fixed or determinable; and (4) the
collection of our fees is probable. We recognize revenue from our
Hosted Telecommunications Services and Web Services segments on an
accrual basis, with the exception of our extended payment term
agreement cash receipts which are recognized on a cash basis.
Specifics to revenue category are as follows:  

We
enter into agreements where revenue is derived from multiple
deliverables including any mix of products and/or services. For
these arrangements, we determine whether the delivered item(s) has
value to the customer on a stand-alone basis, and in the event the
arrangement includes a general right of return relative to the
delivered item(s), whether the delivery or performance of the
undelivered item(s) is considered probable and substantially in our
control. If these criteria are met, the arrangement consideration
is allocated to the separate units of accounting based on each
unit s relative selling price. If these criteria are not met,
the arrangement is accounted for as a single unit of accounting
which would result in revenue being recognized ratably over the
contract term or deferred until the earlier of when such criteria
are met or when the last undelivered element is delivered. The
amount of product and services revenue recognized for arrangements
with multiple deliverables is impacted by the allocation of
arrangement consideration to the deliverables in the arrangement
based on the relative selling prices. In determining our selling
prices, we apply the selling price hierarchy using vendor specific
objective evidence ( VSOE ) when available, third-party
evidence of selling price ( TPE ) if VSOE does not
exist, and best estimated selling price ( BESP ) if
neither VSOE nor TPE is available. 

8 

VSOE
of fair value for elements of an arrangement is based upon the
normal pricing and discounting practices for a deliverable when
sold separately. In determining VSOE, we require that a substantial
majority of the selling prices fall within a reasonably narrow
pricing range, generally evidenced by a substantial majority of
such historical stand-alone transactions falling within a
reasonably narrow range of the median rate. In addition, we
consider major service groups, geographies, customer
classifications, and other variables in determining
VSOE. 

We
are typically not able to determine TPE for our products or
services. TPE is determined based on competitor prices for similar
deliverables when sold separately. Generally, our offerings contain
a significant level of differentiation such that the comparable
pricing of products with similar functionality is difficult to
obtain. Furthermore, we are unable to reliably determine what
similar competitor products  selling prices are on a
stand-alone basis. 

When
we are unable to establish the selling price using VSOE or TPE, we
use BESP in our allocation of arrangement consideration. The
objective of BESP is to determine the price at which we would
transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a
stand-alone basis. We determine BESP for a product or service by
considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, cost of
products, gross margin objectives, pricing practices, geographies,
customer classes and distribution channels. 

We
recognize revenue for delivered elements only when we determine
there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance. Changes
in the allocation of the sales price between delivered and
undelivered elements can impact the timing of revenue recognized
but does not change the total revenue recognized on any
agreement. 

Professional
Services Revenue   - Fees
collected for professional services, including website design and
development, search engine optimization services, link-building,
paid search management services, and telecom installation services
are recognized as revenue, net of expected customer refunds, over
the period during which the services are performed, based upon the
value for such services.  

Telecommunications
Services Hosting and Web Hosting Revenue   -   Fees collected for hosting revenue are recognized
ratably as services are provided. Customers are billed for these
services on a monthly or annual basis at the customer s
option. We recognize revenue ratably over the applicable service
period. When we provide a free trial period, we do not begin to
recognize recurring revenue until the trial period has ended and
the customer has been billed for the services.  

Equipment
Sales and Financing Revenue   -   Revenue generated from the sale of
telecommunications equipment is recognized when the devices are
installed and hosted telecommunications services
begin.  

Fees
generated from renting our hosted telecommunication equipment (IP
or cloud telephone devices) through leasing contracts are
recognized as revenue based on whether the lease qualifies as an
operating lease or sales-type lease. The two primary accounting
provisions which we use to classify transactions as sales-type or
operating leases are: 1) lease term to determine if it is equal to
or greater than 75% of the economic life of the equipment and 2)
the present value of the minimum lease payments to determine if
they are equal to or greater than 90% of the fair market value of
the equipment at the inception of the lease. The economic life of
most of our products is estimated to be three years, since this
represents the most frequent contractual lease term for our
products, and there is no residual value for used equipment.
Residual values, if any, are established at the lease inception
using estimates of fair value at the end of the lease term. The
vast majority of our leases that qualify as sales-type leases are
non-cancelable and include cancellation penalties approximately
equal to the full value of the lease receivables. Leases that do
not meet the criteria for sales-type lease accounting are accounted
for as operating leases. Revenue from sales-type leases is
recognized upon installation and the interest portion is deferred
and recognized as earned. Revenue from operating leases in
recognized ratably over the applicable service period. 

Commission
Revenue   -   We have affiliate agreements with third-party
entities that are resellers of satellite television services and
internet service providers. We receive commissions when the
services are bundled with our offerings and we recognize commission
revenue when received.  

Cost of Revenue 
   Cost of Hosted
Telecommunications Service revenue primarily consists of fees we
pay to third-party telecommunications and business internet
providers, personnel and travel expenses related to system
implementation, customer service, and the costs associated with the
purchase of desktop devices and other third party equipment. Cost
of Web Services revenue consists primarily of customer service
costs and outsourcing fees related to fulfillment of our
professional web management services.  

Prepaid Sales
Commissions   - For
arrangements where we recognize revenue over the relevant contract
period, we defer related commission payments to our direct sales
force and amortize these amounts over the same period that the
related revenues are recognized. This is done to match commissions
with the related revenues. Commission payments are nonrefundable
unless amounts due from a customer are determined to be
uncollectible or if the customer subsequently changes or terminates
the level of service, in which case commissions which were paid are
recoverable by us.  

9 

Research and Development 
 - Research and development costs are
expensed as incurred. Costs related to internally developed
software are expensed as research and development expense until
technological feasibility has been achieved, after which the costs
are capitalized.  

Fair Value Measurements 
 - The fair value of our financial
assets and liabilities was determined based on three levels of
inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the
last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value which are
the following:   

Level 1     Unadjusted quoted prices that are
available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities
at the measurement date.  

Level 2     Other observable inputs available at the
measurement date, other than quoted prices included in Level 1,
either directly or indirectly, including:  

Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
markets; 

Quoted prices for identical or similar assets in non-active
markets; 

Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
or liability; and 

Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by other
observable market data. 

Level 3     Unobservable inputs that cannot be
corroborated by observable market data and reflect the use of
significant management judgment.  These values are generally
determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize
management s estimates of market participant
assumptions.  

Notes Payable 
   We record notes payable net of
any discounts or premiums. Discounts and premiums are amortized as
interest expense or income over the life of the note in such a way
as to result in a constant rate of interest when applied to the
amount outstanding at the beginning of any given
period.  

Income Taxes - 
 We recognize a liability or asset for
the deferred tax consequences of all temporary differences between
the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts
in the consolidated financial statements that will result in
taxable or deductible amounts in future years when the reported
amounts of the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled.
Accruals for uncertain tax positions are provided for in accordance
with accounting guidance. Accordingly, we may recognize the tax
benefits from an uncertain tax position only if it is
more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical
merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the
financial statements from such a position should be measured based
on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement. Accounting guidance is
also provided on de-recognition of income tax assets and
liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax
assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties
associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. Judgment
is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that
have been recognized in the financial statements or tax returns.
Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences
could materially impact our financial position, results of
operations, and cash flows. In assessing the need for a valuation
allowance, we evaluate all significant available positive and
negative evidence, including historical operating results,
estimates of future taxable income and the existence of prudent and
feasible tax planning strategies. We have placed a full valuation
allowance on net deferred tax assets.  

Interest
and penalties associated with income taxes are classified as income
tax expense in the condensed consolidated statements of
operations. 

We
do not intend to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings
of our United Kingdom subsidiary, therefore, we have provided for
U.S. deferred income taxes on such undistributed foreign
earnings. All other foreign subsidiaries are considered disregarded
foreign entities for US tax purposes. 

Stock-Based Compensation
-   F  or equity-classified awards, compensation expense
is recognized over the requisite service period based on the
computed fair value on the grant date of the
award.  Equity classified awards include the issuance of
stock options.  

Comprehensive Loss 
   There were no other components
of comprehensive loss other than net loss for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Operating Segments 
 - Accounting guidance establishes
standards for the way public business enterprises are to report
information about operating segments in annual financial statements
and requires enterprises to report selected information about
operating segments in financial reports issued to stockholders. The
Company has two operating segments, which consist of Hosted
Telecommunications Services and Web Services. Research and
development expenses are allocated to Hosted Telecommunications
Services and Web Services segments based on the level of effort,
measured primarily by wages and benefits attributed to our
engineering department.  Indirect sales and marketing expenses
are allocated to the Hosted Telecommunications Services and Web
Services segments based on level of effort, measured by
month-to-date contract bookings.  General and
administrative     expenses are allocated to both segments based on
revenue recognized for each segment. Accounting guidance also
establishes standards for related disclosure about products and
services, geographic areas and major customers. We generate over
90% of our total revenue from customers within North America
(United States and Canada) and less than 10% of our total revenues
from customers in other parts of the world.  

10 

Significant Customers 
   No customer accounted for 10%
or more of our total revenue for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. No telecom customer accounted for 10%
or more of our total trade accounts receivable as of September 30,
2016 and no customer accounted for 10% or more of our total trade
accounts receivable as of December 31, 2015.  

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements     In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")
issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15, which
amends ASC 230, to clarify guidance on the classification of
certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows.
The FASB issued ASU 2016-15 with the intent of reducing diversity
in practice with respect to eight types of cash flows. This
guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption is permitted. We are in the process of
evaluating the adoption and potential impact of this
new ASU on our consolidated financial
statements.  

In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, 
 Narrow-Scope
Improvements and Practical Expedients  , makes certain targeted amendments to Topic
606,   Revenue from Contracts with
Customers  :  

Assessing
collectibility  . The amendments
add a  substantially all  threshold to the
collectibility criterion, and also clarify that the objective of
the collectibility assessment is to determine whether the contract
is valid and represents a substantive transaction based on whether
a customer has the ability and intent to pay for the goods or
services that will be transferred to the customer, as opposed to
all of the goods or services promised in the contract. The ASU also
clarifies how an entity may recognize as revenue consideration
received in circumstances where a contract does not meet the
criteria required at inception to apply the recognition guidance
within the revenue standard.  

Presenting sales taxes and
other similar taxes collected from customers  . The amendments provide an accounting policy
election whereby an entity may exclude from the measurement of
transaction price all taxes assessed by a taxing authority related
to the specific transaction and that are collected from the
customer. Such amounts would be presented  net  under
this option.  

Noncash
consideration  . The amendments
clarify that the fair value of noncash consideration is measured at
contract inception, and specify how to account for subsequent
changes in the fair value of noncash
consideration.  

Contract modifications at
transition  . The amendments
provide a new practical expedient whereby an entity electing either
the full or modified retrospective method of transition is
permitted to reflect the aggregate effect of all prior period
modifications (using hindsight) when identifying satisfied and
unsatisfied performance obligations, determining the transaction
price, and allocating the transaction price to satisfied and
unsatisfied obligations.  

Completed contracts at
transition  . The amendments
include certain practical expedients in transition related to
completed contracts. The amendments also clarify the definition of
a completed contract.  

Disclosing the accounting
change in the period of adoption  . ASU 2016-12 provides an exception to the
requirement in Topic 250,   Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections  , to disclose the
effect on the current period of retrospectively adopting a new
accounting standard. As such, the disclosure requirement does not
apply to adoption of the new revenue standard with respect to the
year of adoption.  

The
effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-12 are the
same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU
2014-09 (Topic 606). The Company is currently in the process of
evaluating the impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, 
 Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing  , more clearly articulates the guidance for
assessing whether promises are separately identifiable in the
overall context of the contract, which is one of two criteria for
determining whether promises are distinct. The ASU also clarifies
the factors an entity should consider when assessing whether two or
more promises are separately identifiable, and provides additional
examples within the implementation guidance for assessing these
factors. The ASU further clarifies that an entity is not required
to identify promised goods or services that are immaterial in the
context of the contract, although customer options to purchase
additional goods or services that represent a material right should
not be designated as immaterial in the context of the contract. The
ASU also provides an accounting policy election whereby an entity
may account for shipping and handling activities as a fulfillment
activity rather than as an additional promised service in certain
circumstances.  

11 

The ASU also clarifies whether a license of
intellectual property (IP) represents a right to use the IP (which
is satisfied at a point in time) or a right to access the IP (which
is satisfied over time) by categorizing the underlying IP as either
functional or symbolic. A promise to grant a license that is not a
separate performance obligation must be considered in the context
above (i.e., functional or symbolic), in order to determine whether
the combined performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time
or over time, and how to best measure progress toward completion if
recognized over time. Regardless of a license s nature (i.e.,
functional or symbolic), an entity may not recognize revenue from a
license of IP before 1) it provides or otherwise makes available a
copy of the IP to the customer, and 2) the period during which the
customer is able to use and benefit from the license has begun
(i.e., the beginning of the license period).     Additionally, the ASU clarifies that 1) an entity
should not split a sales-based or usage-based royalty into a
portion subject to the guidance on sales-based and usage-based
royalties and a portion that is not subject to that guidance; and
2) the guidance on sales-based and usage-based royalties applies
whenever the predominant item to which the royalty relates is a
license of IP. Lastly, the amendments distinguish contractual
provisions requiring the transfer of additional rights to use or
access IP that the customer does not already control from
provisions that are attributes of a license (e.g., restrictions of
time, geography, or use). License attributes define the scope of
the rights conveyed to the customer; they do not determine when the
entity satisfies a performance obligation. The effective date and
transition requirements for ASU 2016-10 are the same as the
effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2014-09 (Topic
606). The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the
impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated financial
statements.  

In March 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-09, which
amends Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, 
 Compensation
  Stock Compensation  .
 ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment transactions, including the income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or
liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash
flows  . ASU
2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years and early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of
evaluating the impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-02,   Leases,   in order to increase transparency and
comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and
lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases classified
as operating leases under previous Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles ( GAAP ). The ASU 2016-02 requires that a
lessee should recognize a liability to make lease payments (the
lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to
use the underlying asset for the lease term on the balance sheet.
ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018 (including interim periods within those periods) using a
modified retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of
adoption of the ASU on its consolidated financial
statements.  

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification
of Deferred Taxes,   which will
require entities to present deferred tax assets (DTAs) and deferred
tax liabilities (DTLs) as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet.
The ASU simplifies the current guidance, which requires entities to
separately present DTAs and DTLs as current and noncurrent in a
classified balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for financial
statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15,
2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The adoption
of this guidance will eliminate the need to present DTAs as
long-term and DTLs as current liabilities. We will adopt this
guidance effective January 1, 2017.  

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-16,   Business Combinations, 
 which requires that an acquirer
recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified
during the measurement period for a business combination in the
reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.
Prior to the issuance of the standard, entities were required to
retrospectively apply adjustments made to provisional amounts
recognized in a business combination. We adopted this guidance
effective January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not
have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements.  

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, 
 Intangibles Goodwill and
Other Internal-Use Software,   which provides guidance to customers about whether
a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a
cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the
customer should account for the software license element of the
arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software
licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a
software license, the customer should account for the arrangement
as a service contract. The guidance will not change U.S. GAAP for a
customer's accounting for service contracts. We adopted this
guidance effective January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance
did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements.  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU
2014-15,   Presentation of Financial
Statements   Going Concern,   which     requires management to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and
expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S.
auditing standards. Specifically, the ASU (1) provides a definition
of the term substantial doubt, (2) requires an evaluation every
reporting period including interim periods, (3) provides principles
for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans,
(4) requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is
alleviated as a result of consideration of management s
plans, (5) requires an express statement and other disclosures when
substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) requires an assessment
for a period of one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued (or available to be issued). This standard is
effective for the fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016, and
for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. The adoption of
ASU 2014-15 will not have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements.  

12 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-12,   Compensation   Stock
Compensation,   which requires
that a performance target that affects vesting and could be
achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a
performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing
guidance in ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation, as it relates
to such awards. ASU 2014-12 is effective for us in our first
quarter of fiscal 2017 with early adoption permitted using either
of two methods: (i) prospective to all awards granted or modified
after the effective date; or (ii) retrospective to all awards with
performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the
earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to
all new or modified awards thereafter, with the cumulative effect
of applying ASU 2014-12 as an adjustment to the opening retained
earnings balance as of the beginning of the earliest annual period
presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently
assessing the impact of this pronouncement to its consolidated
financial statements.  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, 
 Revenue from
Contracts with Customers,   which
introduces a new five-step revenue recognition model in which an
entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods or services. This ASU also requires
disclosures sufficient to enable users to understand the nature,
amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from contracts with customers, including qualitative and
quantitative disclosures about contracts with customers,
significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets
recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. In
August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, which defers the
effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year.
Accordingly, public business entities should apply the guidance in
ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods (including interim periods
within those periods) beginning after December 15, 2017. Early
adoption is permitted but not before annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016. The standard permits the use of the
retrospective or the modified approach method. We have not yet
selected a transition method, and are currently in the process of
evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on our consolidated
financial statements and disclosures.  

2.              

Net Loss Per Common Share 

Basic
net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss for
the period by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is
computed giving effect to all dilutive common stock equivalents,
consisting of common stock options and warrants. Diluted net loss
per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 is the same as basic net loss per common share
because the common share equivalents were anti-dilutive due to the
net loss. The following table sets forth the computation of basic
and diluted net loss per common share: 

13 

Common
stock equivalent shares are not included in the computation of
diluted loss per share, as the Company has a net loss and the
inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive due to the net
loss. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the common stock equivalent
shares were, as follows: 

3.              

Trade Receivables, net 

Our
trade receivables balance consists of traditional trade receivables
and residual extended payment term agreements (EPTAs) sold prior to
July 2011.  Below is an analysis of the days outstanding
of our trade receivables as shown on our balance sheet (in
thousands): 

All
current and long-term EPTAs in the table above had original
contract terms of greater than one year. The Company wrote off
$34,000 of EPTAs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and $66,000 during the year ended December 31, 2015, of which, all
had original contract terms of greater than one year. 

4.              

Equipment Financing Receivables 

We
rent certain hosted telecommunication equipment (IP telephone
devices) through leasing contracts that we classify as either
operating leases or sale-type leases. Equipment finance receivables
are expected to be collected over the next thirty-six to sixty
months. Equipment finance receivables arising from the rental of
our hosted telecommunication equipment through sales-type leases,
were as follows (in thousands): 

14 

5.              

Prepaid Expenses 

Prepaid
expenses consisted of the following (in thousands): 

6.              

Intangible Assets 

The
net carrying amount of intangible assets are as follows (in
thousands): 

Amortization
expense is included in general and administrative expenses and
totaled $33,000 and $43,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $98,000 and $166,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

7.              

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued
expenses consisted of the following (in thousands): 

15 

8.              

Notes Payable 

Related-Party Note Payable 

On
December 30, 2015, the Company entered into a Term Loan Agreement
(the "Loan Agreement"), with Steven G. Mihaylo, as Trustee of The
Steven G. Mihaylo Trust dated August 19, 1999 (the "Lender"). Mr.
Mihaylo is the principal shareholder and Chief Executive Officer of
the Company. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Lender has agreed
to make an unsecured loan to the Company in the initial principal
amount of $1,000,000 (the  Loan ). The Loan Agreement
contains a provision which requires the Lender to increase the
amount of the Loan by up to an additional $1,000,000 on the same
terms and conditions as the initial advance if the independent
directors of the Company, in their reasonable discretion, determine
such an increase is necessary for the funding needs of the Company
and that the terms of the Loan are in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders. The term of the Loan is five years,
with simple interest paid at 9% per annum until a balloon payment
is due December 30, 2020. The Loan Agreement provides for interest
to be paid in shares of common stock of the Company (the
 Common Stock ) at a stock price of $1.20 (which is the
average of the high and low adjust close price of the Common Stock
of the Company for each business day for the period starting
December 23, 2015 and ending December 29, 2015.). For the first two
years of the Loan term, interest will be paid in advance at the
beginning of each year; for the last three years of the Loan term,
interest will be paid at the end of each year. After the second
year of the Loan term, there is no pre-payment penalty for early
repayment of the outstanding principal amount of the Loan. If the
Loan is repaid within the first two years of the Loan term, the
Company will forfeit prepaid interest as a pre-payment
penalty. 

Contemporaneously
with the execution of the Loan Agreement, the Company granted to
the Lender a warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of Common Stock
(the  Warrant ). The Warrant has a five-year term from
the date of the Loan Agreement. The Warrant is exercisable by the
Lender, at any time, and from time to time, during its term at a
price of $1.20 per share of Common Stock. In the event the
principal amount of the Loan is increased by an additional
$1,000,000, as determined by the independent directors of the
Company, the Company has agreed to issue to the Lender a warrant to
purchase an additional 250,000 shares of Common Stock on the same
terms and subject to the same conditions set forth in the
Warrant. 

On
June 28, 2016, the Company entered into an Amendment to the Loan
Agreement, extending the period which the Company can increase the
loan up to an additional $1,000,000 to May 30, 2017. All other
terms remain the same as initial loan agreement. 

Other notes payable 

Other
notes payable consists of short and long-term financing
arrangements for software licenses, subscriptions, support and
corporate insurance. 

The
Company s outstanding balances under its note payable
agreements were as follows (in thousands): 

16 

9.              

Fair Value Measurements 

We
have financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 for which the fair value is summarized below (in
thousands): 

Assets
and liabilities for which fair value is recognized in the balance
sheet on a recurring basis are summarized below as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

The
carrying amount of certificates of deposit approximates fair value,
as determined by certificates of deposit with similar terms and
conditions. 

The
recurring Level 3 measurement of our contingent consideration
liability includes the following significant unobservable inputs at
December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

17 

Contingent consideration liability  

Fair
Value at December 31, 2015 

Valuation technique 

Unobservable inputs 

Range  

Revenue
- based payments 

$  99    

Discounted
cash flow 

Discount
Rate 

12.5  % 

Probability
of milestone payment 

100  % 

Projected
year of payments 

2016    

Level
3 instruments are valued based on unobservable inputs that are
supported by little or no market activity and reflect the
Company s own assumptions in measuring fair value. Future
changes in fair value of the contingent financial milestone
consideration, as a result of changes in significant inputs such as
the discount rate and estimated probabilities of financial
milestone achievements, could have a material effect on the
statement of operations and balance sheet in the period of the
change. 

The
progression of the Company s Level 3 instruments fair valued
on a recurring basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and the year ended December 31, 2015 are shown in the table below
(in thousands): 

10.              

Income Taxes 

Our
effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 was (0.6)% and (0.5)%, respectively, which resulted in an
income tax provision of $(4,000) and $(11,000), respectively. The
tax provision is due to state tax payments made with extensions
filed. 

Our
effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015 was (1.0)% and (0.9)%, respectively, which resulted in an
income tax provision of $10,000 and $28,000, respectively. The tax
provision is due to state tax payments made with extensions
filed. 

Significant
management judgment is required in determining our provision for
income taxes and in determining whether deferred tax assets will be
realized in full or in part. In assessing the recovery of the
deferred tax assets, we considered whether it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be
realized.  The ultimate realization of deferred tax
assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in
the periods in which those temporary differences become
deductible.  We considered the scheduled reversals of
future deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income, the
suspension of the sale of product and services through the seminar
sales channel, and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment.  As a result, we determined it was more
likely than not that the deferred tax assets would not be realized;
accordingly, we recorded a full valuation allowance. Subsequent to
placing a full valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets,
adjustments impacting our tax rate have been and are expected to
continue to be insignificant. 

11.              

Commitments and Contingencies 

Operating Leases 

We
lease certain of our equipment and corporate offices under
non-cancelable operating lease agreements expiring at various dates
through 2018. The operating leases for our Reno, NV and Draper, UT
offices contain customary escalation clauses. 

Rental
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was
approximately $87,000 and $87,000, respectively. Rental expense for
the nine months September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately
$261,000 and $261,000, respectively. 

18 

Sale-Leaseback 

On
February 28, 2014, the Company sold and leased back the land,
building and furniture associated with the corporate headquarters
in Tempe, Arizona to a Company that is owned by the major
shareholder and CEO of the Company for $2.0 million in cash. The
Company recognized a deferred gain of $281,000 on sale-leaseback,
which will be amortized over the initial lease term of 36 months to
offset rent expense. The net deferred gain is included in other
long-term liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Deferred gain
amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
was $23,000 and $23,000, respectively. Deferred gain amortization
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $70,000
and $70,000, respectively. 

The
lease agreement called for rent payments for the initial three year
term to be made in advance in the form of 300,000 shares of common
stock of Crexendo, Inc. The fair value price per share at the time
of the lease was $3.22 per share, resulting in rent expense of
$322,000 per year for three years. Rent expense incurred on the
sale-leaseback during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was $57,000 and $57,000, respectively. Rent expense incurred
on the sale-leaseback during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 was $171,000 and $171,000, respectively. 

12.              

Segments 

Management
has chosen to organize the Company around differences based on its
products and services. Hosted Telecommunications Services segment
generates revenue from selling hosted telecommunication services
and broadband internet services. Web Services segment generates
revenue from website hosting and search engine
optimization/management. The Company has two operating segments,
which consist of Hosted Telecommunications Services and Web
Services. Segment revenue and income (loss) before income tax
provision was as follows (in thousands): 

Depreciation
and amortization was $31,000 and $45,000 for the Hosted
Telecommunications Services segment for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Depreciation and
amortization was $94,000 and $166,000 for the Hosted
Telecommunications Services segment for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Depreciation and
amortization was $5,000 and $11,000 for the Web Services segment
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Depreciation and amortization was $16,000 and $50,000
for the Web Services segment for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Interest
income was $4,000 and $6,000 for the Web Services segment for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Interest income was $12,000 and $19,000 for the Web Services
segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Interest expense was $34,000 and $3,000 for the
Hosted Telecommunications Services segment for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest expense
was $90,000 and $7,000 for the Hosted Telecommunications Services
segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Interest expense was $5,000 and $0 for the Web
Services segment for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively.   Interest
expense was $15,000 and $9,000 for the Web Services segment for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.  

19 

Item
2.      

  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

This section and other parts of this Form 10-Q contain
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as
 anticipates,   expects, 
 believes,   plans, 
 predicts,  and similar terms. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and our
Company s actual results may differ significantly from the
results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that
might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those
discussed in Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors, 
which are incorporated herein by reference. The following
discussion should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015
Form 10-K ) filed with the SEC and the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the 2016 Form
10-Qs and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. We assume no obligation to
revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason,
except as required by law. 

OVERVIEW 

We
are a hosted services company that provides hosted
telecommunications services, broadband internet services and
website hosting for businesses. Our services are designed to make
enterprise-class hosting services available to any size businesses
at affordable monthly rates. The Company has two operating
segments, which consist of Hosted Telecommunications Services and
Web Services. 

Hosted Telecommunications
Services segment -   Our hosted
telecommunications services transmit calls using IP or cloud
technology, which converts voice signals into digital data packets
for transmission over the Internet or cloud. Each of our calling
plans provides a number of basic features typically offered by
traditional telephone service providers, plus a wide range of
enhanced features that we believe offer an attractive value
proposition to our customers. This platform enables a user, via a
single  identity  or telephone number, to access and
utilize services and features regardless of how the user is
connected to the Internet or cloud, whether it s from a
desktop device or a mobile device.  

We
generate recurring revenue from our hosted telecommunications and
broadband Internet services. Our hosted telecommunications
contracts typically have a thirty-six to sixty month term. We
generate product revenue and equipment financing revenue from the
sale and lease of our hosted telecommunications equipment. Revenues
from the sale of equipment, including those from sales-type leases,
are recognized at the time of sale or at the inception of the
lease, as appropriate. 

Web Services segment 
 - We generate recurring revenue from
website hosting and other professional
services.  

OUR SERVICES AND PRODUCTS 

Our
goal is to provide a broad range of Cloud-based products and
services that nearly eliminate the cost of a businesses 
technology infrastructure and enable businesses of any size to more
efficiently run their business. By providing a variety of
comprehensive and scalable solutions, we are able to provide these
solutions on a monthly basis to businesses of all sizes without the
need for expensive capital investments, regardless of where their
business is in its lifecycle. Our products and services can be
categorized in the following offerings: 

Crexendo s
hosted telecommunication service offers a wide variety of essential
and advanced features for businesses of all sizes. Many of these
features included in the service offering are: 

Business
Productivity Features such as dial-by extension and name, transfer,
conference, call recording, Unlimited calling to anywhere in the US
and Canada, International calling, Toll free (Inbound and
Outbound) 

Individual
Productivity Features such as Caller ID, Call Waiting, Last Call
Return, Call Recording, Music-On-Hold, Voicemail, Unified
Messaging, Hot-Desking 

20 

Group
Productivity Features such as Call Park, Call Pickup, Interactive
Voice Response (IVR), Individual and Universal Paging, Corporate
Directory, Multi-Party Conferencing, Group Mailboxes 

Call
Center Features such as Automated Call Distribution (ACD), Call
Monitor, Whisper and Barge, Automatic Call Recording 

Advanced
Unified Communication Features such as Find-Me-Follow-Me,
Sequential Ring and Simultaneous Ring 

Mobile
Features such extension dialing, transfer and conference and
seamless hand-off from Wifi to/from 3G and 4G, as well as other
data services. These features are also available on CrexMo, an
intelligent mobile application for iPhones and Android smartphones,
as well as iPads and Android tablets 

Traditional
PBX Features such as Busy Lamp Fields, System Hold. 16-48 Port
density Analog Devices 

Expanded
Desktop Device Selection such as Entry Level Phone, Executive
Desktop, DECT Phone for roaming users 

Advanced
Faxing solution such as Cloud Fax (cFax) allowing customers to send
and receive Faxes from their Email Clients, Mobile Phones and
Desktops without having to use a Fax Machine simply by attaching a
file 

Web
based online portal to administer, manage and provision the
system. 

Many
of these services are included in our basic offering to our
customers for a monthly recurring fee and do not require a capital
expense. Some of the advanced features such as Automatic Call
Recording and Call Center Features require additional monthly fees.
Crexendo continues to invest and develop its technology and SaaS
offerings to make them more competitive and
profitable. 

Website Services - 
 Our website services segment allows
businesses to host their websites in our data center for a
recurring monthly fee. For additional fees, we also provide
professional web management services.  

USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 

To
evaluate our business, we consider and use non-generally accepted
accounting principles (Non-GAAP) net income (loss) and Adjusted
EBITDA as a supplemental measure of operating performance. These
measures include the same adjustments that management takes into
account when it reviews and assesses operating performance on a
period-to-period basis. We consider Non-GAAP net income (loss) to
be an important indicator of overall business performance because
it allows us to evaluate results without the effects of share-based
compensation, rent expense paid with common stock, interest expense
paid with common stock, and amortization of intangibles. We define
EBITDA as U.S. GAAP net income (loss) before interest income,
interest expense, other income and expense, provision for income
taxes, and depreciation and amortization. We believe EBITDA
provides a useful metric to investors to compare us with other
companies within our industry and across industries. We define
Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted for share-based compensation,
and rent expense paid with stock. We use Adjusted EBITDA as a
supplemental measure to review and assess operating performance. We
also believe use of Adjusted EBITDA facilitates investors 
use of operating performance comparisons from period to period, as
well as across companies. 

In
our November 11, 2016 earnings press release, as furnished on Form
8-K, we included Non-GAAP net loss, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. The
terms Non-GAAP net loss, EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA are not
defined under U.S. GAAP, and are not measures of operating income,
operating performance or liquidity presented in analytical tools,
and when assessing our operating performance, Non-GAAP net loss,
EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation,
or as a substitute for net loss or other consolidated income
statement data prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Some of these
limitations include, but are not limited to: 

EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our cash expenditures or future
requirements for capital expenditures or contractual
commitments; 

they
do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working
capital needs; 

they
do not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements
necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt
that we may incur; 

they
do not reflect income taxes or the cash requirements for any tax
payments; 

although
depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets
being depreciated and amortized will be replaced sometime in the
future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash
requirements for such replacements; 

while
share-based compensation is a component of operating expense, the
impact on our financial statements compared to other companies can
vary significantly due to such factors as the assumed life of the
options and the assumed volatility of our common stock;
and 

other
companies may calculate EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA differently than
we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative
measures. 

21 

We
compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our U.S.
GAAP results and using Non-GAAP net income (loss), EBITDA, and
Adjusted EBITDA only as supplemental support for management s
analysis of business performance. Non-GAAP net income (loss),
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are calculated as follows for the
periods presented. 

RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of Regulation G issued by the SEC,
we are presenting the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial
measures and reconciling the unaudited Non-GAAP financial metrics
to the comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

In
preparing our financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions
and judgments that can have a significant impact on our revenue,
operating income or loss and net income or loss, as well as on the
value of certain assets and liabilities on our balance sheet. We
believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in
our accounting policies described in Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in
Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 have the greatest potential impact on our
financial statements, so we consider them to be our critical
accounting policies and estimates. Our senior management has
reviewed the development and selection of our critical accounting
policies and estimates and their disclosure in this Form 10-Q with
the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of financial condition and results of
operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and other
financial information included elsewhere in this Form
10-Q. 

22 

Results of Consolidated Operations     (in
thousands):  

Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to three months
ended September 30, 2015 

Revenue 

Total
revenue increased 18% or $361,000, to $2,333,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,972,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. Hosted Telecommunications
Services segment revenue increased 31% or $471,000, to $2,013,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
$1,542,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Web
Services segment revenue decreased 26% or $110,000, to $320,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $430,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Loss
before income tax decreased 40% or $416,000, to $617,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to loss before
income tax of $1,033,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease in loss before income tax is primarily due to
the increase in revenue of $361,000, a decrease in operating
expenses of $82,000, offset by a decrease in other income of
$27,000. 

Income Tax Provision 

Our
effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 was (0.6)% and (1.0)%, respectively, which resulted in a
provision for income taxes of $(4,000) and $(10,000), respectively.
The provision for income taxes relates to minimum state tax
requirements. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to nine months ended
September 30, 2015 

Revenue 

Total
revenue increased 19% or $1,060,000, to $6,774,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $5,714,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. Hosted Telecommunications
Services segment revenue increased 33% or $1,424,000, to $5,711,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
$4,287,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Web
Services segment revenue decreased 26% or $364,000, to $1,063,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
$1,427,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Loss
before income tax decreased 31% or $989,000, to $2,256,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to loss before
income tax of $3,245,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease in loss before income tax is primarily due to
the increase in revenue of $1,060,000, and a decrease in operating
expenses of $198,000, offset by a $269,000 decrease in other
income. 

Income Tax Provision 

23 

Our
effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was (0.5)% and (0.9)%, respectively, which resulted in a
provision for income taxes of $(11,000) and $(28,000),
respectively. The provision for income taxes relates to minimum
state tax requirements. 

Segment Operating Results 

The
Company has two operating segments, which consist of Hosted
Telecommunications Services and Web Services. The information below
is organized in accordance with our two reportable segments.
Segment operating income (loss) is equal to segment net revenue
less segment cost of revenue, sales and marketing, research and
development, and general and administrative
expenses.   

Operating Results of our Hosted Telecommunications Services Segment
(in thousands): 

Three months ended September     30, 2016 compared to three
months ended September 30, 2015  

Revenue 

Hosted
Telecommunications Services segment revenue increased 31% or
$471,000, to $2,013,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to $1,542,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2015.  Revenue from recurring and one-time services
increased $434,000 and equipment sales increased $65,000. 
Sales-type lease and associated interest revenue decreased $28,000
as the Company no longer provides equipment leasing for customers.
Customers either purchase devices or lease them through a
third-party leasing company.  A substantial portion of Hosted
Telecommunications Services segment revenue is generated through
thirty-six to sixty month service contracts.  As such, we
believe growth in Hosted Telecommunications Services segment will
initially be seen through increases in our backlog. Backlog
represents the total contract value of all contracts signed, less
revenue recognized from those contracts as of September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

Below
is a table which displays the Hosted Telecommunications Services
segment revenue backlog as of July 1, 2016 and 2015, and September
30, 2016 and 2015, which we expect to recognize as revenue within
the next thirty-six to sixty months (in thousands): 

24 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue consists primarily of fees we pay to third-party
telecommunications and business internet providers, costs related
to installations, customer service, and the costs associated with
the purchase of desktop devices phones and third party
equipment.  Cost of revenue increased 10% or $79,000, to
$878,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to $799,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015.  The increase in cost of revenue was primarily due
to an increase in salary and benefits of $40,000 associated with
customer service and installation expenses, an increase in
bandwidth of $33,000, and an increase in equipment costs of
$6,000. 

Research and Development 

Research
and development expenses primarily consist of payroll and related
expenses, related to the development of new hosted
telecommunications features and products.  Research and
development salary expenses decreased 7% or $14,000, to $183,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
$197,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to
fluctuations in headcount.   

Selling and Marketing 

Selling
and marketing expenses consist primarily of direct sales
representative salaries and benefits and the production of
marketing materials. Selling and marketing expenses increased 9% or
$57,000, to $681,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to $624,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in commission
expenses resulting from increased sales. 

General and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist of salaries and benefits, and
related expenses for executives, administrative personnel, legal,
rent, accounting and other professional services, and other general
corporate expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased
5% or $54,000, to $987,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to $1,041,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2015. Consolidated general and administrative expenses
decreased 13%, or $169,000 to $1,140,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to $1,309,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. 

Other Income/(Expense) 

Other
income primarily relates to the allocated portions of interest
expense and sublease rental income. Net other income/(expense)
decreased 158% or $30,000, to $(11,000) for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to $19,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease is due to an increase in
interest expense on notes payable. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to nine months ended
September 30, 2015 

Revenue 

Hosted
Telecommunications Services segment revenue increased 33% or
$1,424,000, to $5,711,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to $4,287,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015.  Revenue from recurring and one-time services
increased $1,227,000 and desktop device sales increased
$312,000.  Sales-type lease and associated interest revenue
decreased $115,000 as the Company no longer provides equipment
leasing for customers. Customers either purchase devices or lease
them through a third-party leasing. A substantial portion of Hosted
Telecommunications Services segment revenue is generated through
thirty-six to sixty month service contracts.  As such, we
believe growth in Hosted Telecommunications Services segment will
initially be seen through increases in our backlog. Backlog
represents contracts signed with no service or payment provided at
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Below
is a table which displays the Hosted Telecommunications Services
segment revenue backlog as of January 1, 2016 and 2015, and
September 30, 2016 and 2015, which we expect to recognize as
revenue within the next thirty-six to sixty months (in
thousands): 

25 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue consists primarily of fees we pay to third-party
telecommunications and business internet providers, costs related
to installations, customer service, and the costs associated with
the purchase of desktop devices and third party
equipment.  Cost of revenue increased 13% or $302,000, to
$2,590,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to $2,288,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015.  The increase in cost of revenue was primarily due
to an increase in salary and benefit expenses of $146,000 related
to growth in our customer service department, an increase in
product costs of $67,000 related to increase in revenue, an
increase in bandwidth of $120,000, offset by a decrease in
installation costs of $31,000. 

Research and Development 

Research
and development expenses primarily consist of salaries and
benefits, and related expenses, related to the development of new
hosted telecommunications products.  Research and
development salary expenses increased 13% or $70,000, to $608,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
$538,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to
fluctuations in headcount.  

Selling and Marketing 

Selling
and marketing expenses consist primarily of direct sales
representative salaries and benefits, dealer channel commissions,
and the production of marketing materials.  Selling and
marketing expenses increased 8% or $134,000, to $1,927,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,793,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was
primarily due to an increase in commission expense of $177,000
which was offset by a decrease in salaries and benefits of $37,000,
and a decrease in travel, lodging, and meals of
$6,000. 

General and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist of salaries and benefits, and
related expenses for executives, administrative personnel, legal,
rent, accounting and other professional services, and other general
corporate expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased
3% or $91,000, to $3,137,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 as compared to $3,228,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease in general and administrative
expenses is primarily due to a company-wide reduction in general
and administrative expenses as we continue to cut unnecessary
expenses. Consolidated general and administrative expenses
decreased 13%, or $539,000 to $3,705,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to $4,244,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. As Web Services revenue decreased significantly
for nine months ended September 30, 2016, we allocated less of the
general and administrative expenses to the Web Services segment and
more expenses to the Hosted Telecommunications Services
segment.   

Other Income/(Expense) 

Other
income primarily relates to the allocated portions of interest
expense and sublease rental income. Other income decreased 136% or
$79,000, to $(21,000) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to $58,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease is due to an increase in interest expense on
notes payable. 

26 

Operating Results of Web Services segment (in
thousands): 

Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to three months
ended September 30, 2015 

Revenue 

Revenue
from Web Services is generated primarily through website hosting,
professional services, and EPTAs. Web Services segment revenue
decreased 26% or $110,000, to $320,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to $430,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in revenue from the prior
year is primarily related to the decrease in cash collected on
EPTAs of $36,000, a decrease of $19,000 from web management
professional services, and a decrease in hosting revenue of
$55,000. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue consists primarily of bandwidth, customer service costs,
and outsourcing fees related to fulfillment of our professional web
management services and customer service costs.  Cost of
revenue decreased 35% or $29,000, to $54,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $83,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease is primarily related
to a decrease in costs related to providing professional web
management services of $15,000 and a reduction in customer service
salaries and benefits of $14,000. 

Research and
Development  

Research and development expenses primarily
consist of payroll and related expenses which are attributable to
the development of our website development software
products.  Research and development expenses decreased
50% or $6,000, to $6,000   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to $12,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
The decrease was related to a reduction of payroll and related
expenses.  

General and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist of salaries and benefits for
executives, administrative personnel, legal, rent, accounting and
other professional services, and other general corporate
expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased 43% or
$115,000, to $153,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to $268,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease in general and administrative expenses is
primarily due to less of an allocation of corporate general and
administrative expenses resulting from the 26% decrease in revenue
for the period, and a company-wide reduction in general and
administrative expenses as we continue to cut unnecessary expenses.
Consolidated general and administrative expenses decreased 13%, or
$169,000 to $1,140,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $1,309,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

Other Income 

Other
income increased $3,000, to $3,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to $0 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily related to an
increase in foreign exchange gain of $9,000, offset by a decrease
in interest income of $2,000, and an increase in interest expense
on notes payable of $4,000. 

27 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to nine months ended
September 30, 2015 

Revenue 

Revenue
from Web Services is generated primarily through website hosting,
professional services, and EPTAs. Web Services segment revenue
decreased 26% or $364,000, to $1,063,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,427,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in revenue from the prior
year is primarily related to the decrease in cash collected on
EPTAs of $104,000, a decrease of $75,000 from web management
professional services, and a decrease in hosting revenue of
$185,000. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue consists primarily of bandwidth, customer service costs,
and outsourcing fees related to fulfillment of our professional web
management services.  Cost of revenue decreased 45% or
$138,000, to $172,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to $310,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The cost of revenue decrease is directly related to the
reduction in revenue. 

Research and
Development  

Research
and development expenses primarily consist of salaries and
benefits, and related expenses which are attributable to the
development of our website development software
products.  Research and development expenses decreased
33% or $13,000, to $26,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to $39,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease was related to a reduction of payroll and
related expenses. 

Selling and Marketing 

Selling
and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits,
commissions as well as advertising expenses.  Selling and
marketing expense decreased 100% or $14,000, to $0 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $14,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease is attributed to our
shift in focus to our hosted telecommunication services
segment. 

General and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist of salaries and benefits, and
related expenses for executives, administrative personnel, legal,
rent, accounting and other professional services, and other general
corporate expenses.  General and administrative expenses
decreased 44% or $448,000, to $568,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,016,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in general and
administrative expenses is primarily due to less of an allocation
of corporate general and administrative expenses resulting from the
26% decrease in revenue for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and a
company-wide reduction in general and administrative expenses as we
continue to cut unnecessary expenses. Consolidated general and
administrative expenses decreased 13%, or $539,000 to $3,705,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4,244,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Other Income 

Other
income decreased 91% or $190,000, to $19,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $209,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease is primarily related
to the reversal of certain legal accruals totaling $193,000 during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that were determined to no
longer have a reasonable possibility of being paid
out. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company has transformed into a start-up company with the inherent
risks and uncertainties of funding operations until profitability
is achieved. We currently plan to fund our operations during the
next twelve months using our cash and cash equivalents of $854,000.
However, after considering the Company s historical negative
cash flows from operating activities as well as internal forecasts,
such amount does not appear adequate to fund our anticipated cash
needs for the next twelve months. Accordingly, the Company will be
required to obtain additional debt or equity financing such as that
available from its CEO to sustain operations. The Company received
a commitment from the CEO, and majority shareholder, in November
2016 that in addition to the $1,000,000 available under the note
payable agreement, he would exercise all warrants received in
connection with the note payable agreement dated December 30, 2015
(Note 8) if additional capital is necessary to fund operations
through December 31, 2017. Based on such commitment, along with its
cash resources and loan borrowing availability, the Company
believes it will have sufficient funds to sustain its operations
during the next twelve months as a result of the sources of funding
detailed above. 

28 

Working Capital 

Working
capital decreased 129% or $1,284,000, to $(286,000) as of September
30, 2016 as compared to $998,000 for the year ended December 31,
2015.  The decrease in working capital was primarily related
to the decrease in cash and cash equivalents of $643,000, a
decrease in restricted cash of $12,000, a decrease in trade
receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $61,000, a
decrease in inventories of $10,000, a decrease in prepaid expenses
of $184,000, an increase in accounts payable of $232,000, an
increase in accrued expenses of $129,000, an increase in notes
payable, current portion of $41,000, and an increase in deferred
revenue, current portion of $52,000, offset by the final payment of
contingent consideration of $99,000 during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents decreased 43% or $643,000, to $854,000 at
September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,497,000 as of December 31,
2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used
$737,000 for operating activities, investing activities provided
$11,000, and financing activities provided $83,000. 

Trade Receivables 

Current
and long-term trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful
accounts, decreased 22% or $96,000, to $349,000 at September 30,
2016 as compared to $445,000 at December 31, 2015. Long-term trade
receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, decreased 43%
or $35,000, to $46,000 at September 30, 2016 as compared to $81,000
at December 31, 2015. In prior years, we offered our customers an
installment contract with payment terms between 24 and 36 months,
as one of several payment options. The payments that become due
more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are
classified as long-term trade receivables. The decrease in our
accounts receivable balance is primarily related to balances with
our third-party leasing companies. 

Accounts Payable 

Accounts
payable increased 305% or $232,000, to $308,000 at September 30,
2016 as compared to $76,000 at December 31, 2015. Our accounts
payable as of September 30, 2016 were generally within our
vendors  terms of payment. The increase is primarily related
to the timing of check processing schedule. 

Notes Payable 

Notes
payables increased 5% or $49,000, to $1,071,000 at September 30,
2016 as compared to $1,022,000 at December 31, 2015.  The
increase is primarily related to financing of annual contract and
amortization of debt discounts. 

Capital 

Total
stockholders  equity decreased 69% or $1,511,000, to $693,000
at September 30, 2016 as compared to $2,204,000 at December 31,
2015. The significant changes in stockholders  equity during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included net loss of
$2,267,000, offset by an increase of additional paid-in capital of
$504,000 for stock options issued to employees, $102,000 for the
exercise of warrants, $9,000 for the exercise of employee stock
options, $101,000 in common stock issued for annual interest
payment on note payable, and $40,000 issued to settle contingent
consideration obligations. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of September 30, 2016, we are not involved in any off-balance sheet
arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation
S-K. 

Impact
of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The
information set forth under Note 1 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements under the caption  Recent Accounting
Pronouncements  is incorporated herein by
reference. 

29 

Forward-Looking Statements and Factors That May Affect Future
Results and Financial Condition 

With
the exception of historical facts, the statements contained in
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations are  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which reflect our current
expectations and beliefs regarding our future results of
operations, performance and achievements. These statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties and are based upon assumptions
and beliefs that may or may not materialize. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements
concerning: 

our belief that our
target market will increasingly look to Internet solutions
providers who leverage industry and customer practices, increase
predictability of success of their Internet initiatives and
decrease implementation risks by providing low-cost, scalable
solutions with minimal lead time; 

our belief that we
can compete successfully by relying on our infrastructure and
marketing strategies as well as techniques, systems and procedures,
and by adding additional products and services in the
future; 

our belief that we
can continue our success by periodic review and revision of our
methods of doing business and by continuing our expansion into
domestic and international markets; 

our belief that a
key component of our success comes from a number of new, recently
developed proprietary technologies and that these technologies and
advances distinguish our services and products from our competitors
and further help to substantially reduce our operating costs and
expenses; 

our contention that
we do not offer our customers a  business opportunity 
or a  franchise  as those terms are defined in
applicable statutes of the states in which we operate; 

our belief that
there is a large, fragmented and under-served population of small
businesses and entrepreneurs searching for professional services
firms that offer business-to-consumer e-commerce solutions coupled
with support and continuing education; 

our expectation
that our offering of products and services will evolve as some
products are replaced by new and enhanced products intended to help
our customers achieve success with their Internet-related
businesses; and 

our expectation
that the costs and expenses we incur will be insignificant as
deferred revenue amounts are recognized as product and other
revenues when cash is collected. 

We
caution readers that our operating results are subject to various
risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results and
outcomes to differ materially from those discussed or anticipated,
including changes in economic conditions and internet technologies,
interest rate fluctuations, and the factors set forth in the
section entitled,  Risk Factors,  under
Part I, Item 1A of the 2015 Form 10-K. We also advise readers
not to place any undue reliance on the forward-looking statements
contained in this Form 10-Q, which reflect our beliefs and
expectations only as of the date of this Report. We assume no
obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to
reflect new events or circumstances or any changes in our beliefs
or expectations, other than as required by law. 

Item
3.  

  Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not
required 

Item
4.  

  Controls
and Procedures 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after
evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Report,
have concluded that, based on the evaluation of these controls and
procedures, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

30 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1.  

  Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations
and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.
There are no matters pending or threatened that we expect to have a
material adverse impact on our business, results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows. 

Item
1A.  

  Risk
Factors 

There
are many risk factors that may affect our business and the results
of our operations, many of which are beyond our control.
Information on certain risks that we believe are material to our
business is set forth in  Part I   Item 1A.
Risk Factors  of the 2015 Form 10-K. 

Item
2.  

  Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None 

Item
6.  

  Exhibits 

Exhibits 

101.INS* 

101.SCH* 

101.CAL* 

101.DEF* 

  101.LAB* 

101.PRE* 

XBRL
INSTANCE DOCUMENT 

XBRL
TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 

XBRL
TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

XBRL
TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

XBRL
TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

XBRL
TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

* 

In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these
XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) documents are
furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or
prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities
Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability under these
sections. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Crexendo, Inc.     

November
11, 2016 

By: 

/s/   Steven G.
Mihaylo  

Steven G. Mihaylo 

Chief Executive Officer 

November
11, 2016 

By: 

/s/   Ronald
Vincent  

Ronald Vincent 

Chief Financial Officer 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cxdo_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to 

Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as Amended 

I, Steven G. Mihaylo, certify that: 

1.              

  I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Crexendo,
Inc.; 

2.   

  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.   

  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4.   

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)   

  Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b)   

  Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c)   

  Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)   

  Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.   

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)   

  All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)   

  Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 11, 2016 

By:   

/s/   S  TEVEN 
 G.
M  IHAYLO  

Steven G. Mihaylo 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cxdo_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to 

Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as Amended 

I, Ronald Vincent, certify that: 

1. 

  I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Crexendo,
Inc.; 

2.   

  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.   

  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4.   

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)   

  Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b)   

  Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c)   

  Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)   

  Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.   

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)   

  All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)   

  Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 11, 2016 

By:   

/s/   Ronald
Vincent  

Ronald Vincent 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cxdo_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Crexendo, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the  Report ), Steven G. Mihaylo,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify,
pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18
U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 11, 2016 

By:   

/s/   S  TEVEN 
 G.
M  IHAYLO  

Steven G. Mihaylo 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cxdo_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Crexendo, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the  Report ), Ronald Vincent,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify,
pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18
U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 11, 2016 

By:   

/s/   Ronald
Vincent  

Ronald Vincent 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 exe-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 exe-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 exe-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 exe-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 exe-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 exe-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

