<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161013_10-K_edgar_data_1444307_0001493152-16-013999_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4052523</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231282</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>252387</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1113407</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1448758</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>910295</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>83</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-013999.hdr.sgml : 20161013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013160803
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-013999
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONCOSEC MEDICAL Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001444307
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				980573252
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54318
		FILM NUMBER:		161935069

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5820 NANCY RIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 210-7333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5820 NANCY RIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NetVentory Solutions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-013999.txt : 20161013

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

(Mark
One)   

For
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016   

OR   

For
the transition period from                        to                        

Commission
file number 000-54318   

ONCOSEC
MEDICAL INCORPORATED   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada   
         
       98-0573252    
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction   
          of
        incorporation or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
                                         Employer  
          Identification
        Number)    

5820
Nancy Ridge Drive   

   San
Diego, CA 92121   

  (Address
of Principal Executive Offices)(Zip Code)  

(855)
662-6732   

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Title
    of Class:   
         
       Name
    of Exchange on which Registered:    
 
       Common
    Stock, par value $0.0001 per share   
         
       The
    NASDAQ Stock Market LLC    
     (NASDAQ Capital Market)    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None   

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 229.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer [  ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer [  ]   

Non-accelerated
    filer [  ]  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company [X]   
 
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No
[X]  

The
aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of January 31, 2016 totaled
approximately $20,406,000 based on the closing price of $1.59. As of October 7, 2016, there were 19,159,645 shares of the Company s
common stock ($0.0001 par value) outstanding.  

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

Portions
of the registrant s proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year ended July 31, 2016,
are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Page    

PART
    I.   

ITEM
    1.  
        BUSINESS  
      
      4   
 
      ITEM
    1A.  
        RISK
    FACTORS       
      11   
 
      ITEM
    1B.  
        UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS       
      25   
 
      ITEM
    2.  
        PROPERTIES  
      
      26   
 
      ITEM
    3.  
        LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS       
      26   
 
      ITEM
    4.  
        MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES       
      26   
 
         PART
    II.     

ITEM
    5.  
        MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
       
      27   
 
      ITEM
    6.  
        SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA       
      28   
 
      ITEM
    7.  
        MANAGEMENT S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS       
      28   
 
      ITEM
    7A.  
        QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       
      33   
 
      ITEM
    8.  
        FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA       
      33   
 
      ITEM
    9.  
        CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE       
      33   
 
      ITEM
    9A.  
        CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES       
      33   
 
      ITEM
    9B.  
        OTHER
    INFORMATION       
      33   
 
         PART
    III.     

ITEM
    10.  
        DIRECTORS,
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE       
      34   
 
      ITEM
    11.  
        EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION       
      34   
 
      ITEM
    12.  
        SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
       
      34   
 
      ITEM
    13.  
        CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE       
      34   
 
      ITEM
    14.  
        PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES       
      34   
 
         PART
    IV.     

ITEM
    15.  
        EXHIBITS,
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES       
      35   
 
        SIGNATURES  
      
      36   

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,
 plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential 
or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. All statements made in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward-looking statements.  

By
their nature, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are neither statements of historical fact nor
guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that are difficult
to predict or quantify. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
including the risks identified in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item IA of this Annual Report, and
similar discussions in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). If such risks or
uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect, our results could differ materially from those expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. Risks that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the
forward-looking statements include but are not limited to risks related to: uncertainties inherent in pre-clinical studies and
clinical trials; our need to raise additional capital and our ability to obtain financing; general economic and business conditions;
our ability to continue as a going concern; our limited operating history; our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel;
our ability to manage future growth; our ability to develop our product candidates and to develop new product candidates; and
our ability to protect our intellectual property.  

You
should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Unless required to do so by law, we do not intend to update or
revise any forward-looking statement, because of new information or future developments or otherwise.  

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated, the terms  the Company ,  we ,
 us  and  our  refer to OncoSec Medical Incorporated.  

ImmunoPulse
is a registered trademark of the Company in the United States. The Company has filed applications to register ImmunoPulse as well
as OncoSec and NeoPulse in the United States and in certain foreign countries. Other registered trademarks used in this Annual
Report are the property of their respective owners.  

PART
I   

ITEM
1. BUSINESS   

Overview   

We
are a biotechnology company focused on designing, developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies, therapeutics and proprietary
medical approaches to stimulate and guide an anti-tumor immune response for the treatment of cancer. We seek to overcome the problem
of tumor-induced immune subversion via intratumoral immunotherapy.  

Our
Business and Mission   

Our
mission is to pursue the advancement of immune system-stimulating treatments through the advancement of our proprietary immunotherapy
platform which is designed to overcome tumor immune tolerance. Our proprietary intratumoral electroporation-based therapy is a
platform which includes immune modulating therapeutic product candidates intended to treat a wide range of solid tumor types,
combined with our ImmunoPulse  delivery technology. ImmunoPulse  is an electroporation delivery device that we use in
combination with our therapeutic product candidates, including DNA plasmids that encode for immunologically active agents, to
deliver the therapeutic directly into the tumor and promote an inflammatory response against the cancer. This unique therapeutic
modality is intended to reverse the immunosuppressive microenvironment in the tumor and engender a systemic anti-tumor response
against untreated tumors in other parts of the body. Our electroporation delivery device consists of an electrical pulse generator
and disposable applicators, which can be adapted to treat different tumor types.  

Our
Strategy   

Traditional
modalities for treating cancer have limited clinical efficacy and are frequently associated with significant morbidity. Immunotherapy,
a relatively new therapeutic modality, focuses on modulating the immune system to treat cancer, rather than directly killing the
cancer cells. Systemic delivery of immune-modulating proteins such as interleukin-2 (IL-2) and interleukin-12 (IL-12) have shown
early encouraging results in terms of efficacy but with significant mechanism-based toxicity. More recently, monoclonal antibody
(mAb) drugs have been developed, which target critical  immune checkpoint  proteins and augment anti-tumor immunity.
Monoclonal antibodies such as, anti-CTLA-4 (cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein-4) and anti-PD-1 (program cell-death-1),
have been developed for treatment of several indications, and have already been approved for treatment of metastatic melanoma
and metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. These new immuno-oncology agents have shown tremendous clinical benefit for those patients
with late-stage cancer, across multiple tumor types. However, only a subset of patients responds to these therapies.  

We
have several completed and have ongoing clinical trials for the use of our therapeutic candidates to treat different tumor
types with our electroporation delivery device. We also continue to investigate collaboration opportunities that will enable us
to identify rational combinations with current and emerging standard-of-care drugs, including immune-modulating checkpoint inhibitors
(such as anti-CTLA-4 or anti-PD-1). We expect to continue to conduct additional clinical trials for our product candidates in
accordance with the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requirements, some of which may relate to therapeutic candidates
for select, rare cancers (orphan indications) that have limited therapeutic options. Our strategy also includes expanding the
applications of our technologies through strategic collaborations or evaluation of other opportunities such as in-licensing and
strategic acquisitions. We may collaborate with major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and government agencies, providing
us access to complementary technologies and/or greater resources. These business activities are intended to provide us with mutually
beneficial opportunities to expand or advance our product pipeline. We may license our intellectual property to other companies
to leverage our technologies for applications that may not be appropriate for our independent product development.  

Clinical
Program   

Our
lead product candidate, ImmunoPulse  IL-12, consists of a plasmid construct encoding the proinflammatory cytokine, IL-12,
which is delivered into the tumor through in vivo electroporation. A Phase 1 clinical trial in metastatic melanoma using electroporation
to deliver plasmid-DNA encoding for the IL-12 cytokine was completed in 2008. The data, published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology
(Daud A et al, JCO, 2008) indicate that the  in vivo  gene transfer of IL-12 DNA using electroporation in metastatic melanoma
is safe. In addition, anti-tumor activity was observed after a single cycle of treatment, including two complete responses. Importantly,
regression in distant, non-injected/non-electroporated lesions was also observed, suggesting that local treatment with ImmunoPulse 
IL-12 may lead to a systemic anti-tumor immune response (i.e. an abscopal effect). We are currently pursuing two Phase 2 trials:
ImmunoPulse  IL-12 monotherapy in patients with metastatic melanoma and ImmunoPulse  IL-12 plus pembrolizumab in patients
with advanced, metastatic melanoma. In addition, we are pursuing ImmunoPulse  IL-12 monotherapy in patients with triple negative
breast cancer.  

OMS-I100:
An Open-Label Phase 2 Trial of     ImmunoPulse    
 IL-12 monotherapy in patients with metastatic melanoma   

On
December 5, 2014, we released top-line six-month data from the first Phase 2 trial of this product candidate in patients with
stage III and IV metastatic melanoma, which was presented in an abstract at the Melanoma Bridge 2014 conference in Naples, Italy.
In this Phase 2 study, 30 patients with stage III and IV melanoma received up to four cycles of pIL-12 EP into superficial cutaneous,
subcutaneous and nodal lesions on days 1, 5 and 8 of each 12-week cycle.  
We reported that of the 29 patients who were evaluable, an objective response rate of 31% (9/29) was observed, with 14% (4/29)
of patients having a complete response (CR) and 17% (5/29) of patients having a partial response. Regression of distant lesions
was seen in 50% (13/26) of patients with evaluable non-injected, non-electroporated lesions. Clinical endpoints included objective
response rate, local and distant lesion regression, duration of response, overall survival and safety. The results of this study
demonstrated that multiple treatment cycles of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 is safe and well-tolerated, with no treatment-limiting toxicities.
The vast majority of adverse events were localized to the treatment site and were Grade 1 or 2 in severity. Importantly, there
was no evidence of systemic toxicities, which is a key feature of the ImmunoPulse  IL-12 intratumoral treatment strategy.
In order to continue to acquire clinical and immune correlational data on melanoma patients treated with ImmunoPulse  IL-12,
the protocol was amended to enroll up to an additional 30 patients (OMS-I100 Addendum). Enrollment in OMS-I100 Addendum is complete
and activities related to closing out this clinical trial is underway, including completion of a clinical study report that will
be filed to the FDA.  

Long-term,
follow-up data of patients who participated in the OMS-I100 trial at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) and later
went on to receive an anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapy was presented by Dr. Alain Algazi at the American Association for Cancer Research
(AACR) Annual Meeting 2016 in New Orleans. These data suggest that ImmunoPulse  IL-12 may prime and enhance response rates
to PD-1/PD-L1 blockade. Fourteen (14) of the 29 patients who completed ImmunoPulse  IL-12 or progressed went on to receive
an anti-PD-1/PD-L1 antibody treatment. Overall, 5 of these 14 patients (36%) experienced a CR and 4 patients had a partial response
(PR) (29%), for an ORR of 64%. Two patients experienced SD (14%) and three patients had progressive disease (21%) (Algazi et al.
2016; Chen and Daud 2016). The promising single-agent activity observed in the Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical studies, as well as
the potential of an immune-priming effect with ImmunoPulse  IL-12 prior to anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapy warrants further clinical
investigation.  

We
consider the results of the OMS-I100 Phase 2 study in advanced melanoma, along with the emerging long-term follow-up data, to
be significant and thus we are continuing to identify and develop new therapeutic targets that, like IL-12, can (i) be encoded
into DNA, (ii) be delivered intratumorally using electroporation, and (iii) have an ability to reverse the immunosuppressive mechanisms
of the tumor. We plan to expand our ImmunoPulse  pipeline beyond the delivery of plasmid-DNA encoding for cytokines to include
other molecules that may be critical to key pathways associated with tumor immune subversion.  

OMS-I140:
Triple Negative Breast Cancer   Biomarker-Focused Pilot Study   

Worldwide,
approximately 170,000 new cases of triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) are diagnosed each year, accounting for approximately
15% of all breast cancer. TNBC frequently affects younger women (less than 40 years old) and is characterized by higher relapse
rates when compared with estrogen receptor (ER)-positive breast cancers. TNBC is also associated with an increased risk of recurrence,
both locally and in distant sites including the lung and brain. Advanced TNBC remains a significant area of unmet medical need
and there is no established standard-of-care. Treatment generally includes chemotherapy, with or without radiation and/or surgery.
However, no treatment regimen has clearly demonstrated superiority.  

Toward
the end of October 2015, we enrolled the first patient in our biomarker-focused pilot study of ImmunoPulse   
IL-12 in patients with TNBC. The study is open for enrollment and on-going. The primary objective of the study is to evaluate
the potential of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 to promote a pro-inflammatory molecular and histological signature in tumor samples and
the secondary objectives include the evaluation of safety and tolerability; evaluation of local ablation effect (% of necrosis)
and description of other evidence of anti-tumor activity. The study is being conducted at Stanford University and is designed
to assess whether ImmunoPulse  IL-12 increases TNBC tumor immunogenicity by driving a pro-inflammatory cascade that leads
to increases in cytotoxic tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs). The presence and number of TILs is thought to be a key requirement
for promoting the anti-tumor activity of antibodies like anti-PD-1/PD-L1. By driving cytotoxic immune cells into the tumor, ImmunoPulse 
IL-12 may be an ideal candidate to combine with checkpoint blockade therapies which have reported some, but limited activity in
TNBC.  

CC-15852:
An Open-Label Phase 2 Trial of     ImmunoPulse  IL-12 plus
Pembrolizumab in Patients with Advanced, Metastatic Melanoma   

In
August 2015, we enrolled the first patient into the Phase 2 investigator sponsored clinical trial led by the University of California,
San Francisco to assess the anti-tumor activity, safety, and tolerability of the combination of ImmunoPulse   
IL-12, and Merck s approved anti-PD-1 agent, KEYTRUDA  (pembrolizumab), in patients with unresectable metastatic melanoma.
The primary endpoint is the best Overall Response Rate (bORR) of the combination regimen in patients whose tumors are characterized
by low numbers of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs). Recent data suggest that patients whose tumors are not associated with
TILs or CD8+ T-cells at the tumor margin are unlikely to respond to anti-PD-1 therapies such as KEYTRUDA , while those who
are PD-L1 positive and have increased TILs are more likely to have a clinical benefit. Therefore, therapies that promote TIL generation
and PD-L1 positivity may play an important role in augmenting the clinical efficacy of the anti-PD1/PD-L1 agents. IL-12 is an
inflammatory cytokine believed to be a master regulator of the immune system, promoting up-regulation of both the innate and adaptive
immune responses and biasing the immune system towards a proinflammatory state. More specifically, IL-12 stimulates the production
of another cytokine, interferon gamma (IFN- ), which, in turn, results in the stimulation of antigen processing and presentation
machinery, leading to increased TILs and anti-tumor cytotoxic T-cell (CTL) activity. The sponsor of this investigator-initiated
study, UCSF, expects to enroll up to 42 patients; The study is enrolling and on-going. We currently are on track to complete enrollment
by the end of calendar year 2016.  

In
addition to the three clinical trials described above, we have also pursued Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with merkel cell
carcinoma and head and neck cancer.  

Our
ImmunoPulse  Platform   

The
effectiveness of many drugs and DNA-based therapeutics is dependent upon their crossing the cell membrane. In the 1970s, it was
discovered that the brief application of high-intensity, pulsed electric fields to the cell resulted in a temporary and reversible
increase in the permeability of the cell membrane, a mechanism known as  electroporation.   

The
transient, reversible nature of the electrical permeabilization of cell membranes and the resulting increase in intracellular
delivery of therapeutic agents is the underlying basis of our ImmunoPulse  therapeutic approach. The electroporation delivery
system consists of an electrical pulse generator and various disposable applicators. While the extent of membrane permeabilization
depends on various electrical, physical, chemical, and biological parameters, research with electroporation delivery has demonstrated
an improvement of cellular uptake of chemical molecules from 100 to 1,000-fold above baseline. After cessation of the electrical
pulse, the membrane re-stabilizes, trapping the molecules within the cell and allowing them to perform their function.  

DNA
Delivery With Electroporation   ImmunoPulse    

The
greatest obstacles to the wide acceptance and use of DNA-based therapeutics has been the safe, efficient, and economical delivery
and expression of plasmid-DNA constructs. We believe that electroporation is uniquely capable of overcoming these obstacles. Together
with our partners and collaborators, we plan to be the leader in establishing electroporation-delivered DNA immunotherapies. We
believe that electroporation could become the method of choice for plasmid-DNA delivery into cells in many clinical applications.  

The
ImmunoPulse  approach employs an electroporation system designed to create favorable conditions to deliver plasmid DNA encoding
immunotherapeutic cytokines directly into cells of the tumor microenvironment. The cytokine-encoding plasmid is first injected
into the selected tumor. A needle-electrode array then delivers the electrical pulses produced in the pulse generator. OncoSec
is developing new technologies called TRACE and Helix to improve electroporation. TRACE, or tissue-based real-time adaptive control
electroporation, technology is used to perform electroporation with electrochemical impedance spectroscopy feedback operating
in a closed-loop configuration to optimize each pulse duration in real-time. The Helix technology improves the distribution of
the therapeutic agent in tissue and achieves delivery to an area that is three times larger than a standard injection needle.  

Our
ImmunoPulse  product candidates are based on our proprietary DNA based immunotherapy technology, which is designed to stimulate
the human immune system, resulting in systemic anti-tumor immune responses. Because our candidate therapeutics are plasmid constructs,
we expect to benefit from a simpler, more consistent and scalable manufacturing process in comparison to therapies based on patient-derived
cells or recombinant proteins. Our lead product candidate, ImmunoPulse  IL-12, consists of a plasmid construct encoding the
proinflammatory cytokine, IL-12, which is delivered into the tumor through in vivo electroporation. ImmunoPulse  IL-12 is
being studied in several open-label Phase 2 clinical trials.  

Cancer
deploys multiple immune-subversive mechanisms in parallel to suppress anti-tumor immune responses and we believe it is unlikely
that any single immunotherapy product will suffice to achieve durable responses in most patients and in most tumor types. Therefore,
we are conducting research and development on other DNA-encoded, immunologically-active molecules with an aim to produce additional
immunotherapeutic drugs capable of breaking the immune system s tolerance to cancer. We have the opportunity to leverage
the flexibility of a DNA plasmid-based technology to rapidly pursue candidate molecules and combinations of therapeutics. We
can introduce, for example, pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines, immune stimulatory receptors, co-stimulatory molecules,
adhesion molecules, and T-cell engagement molecules. We expect that electroporation-mediated intratumoral expression of immunologically-active
molecules such as these can reverse the immunosuppressive microenvironment of the tumor and drive systemic anti-tumor immune responses
while limiting systemic exposure and toxicities associated with these potent immunologic effector molecules.  

Advisory
Panels   

We
have consulted with senior and respected oncology researchers and clinicians to provide counsel as part of our advisory panels
for our ImmunoPulse  clinical programs. We expect to continue to establish relationships with scientific, clinical and medical
experts in academia, as needed, to assist us on issues related to potential product applications, product development, and clinical
testing.  

Commercialization   

We
plan to continue our clinical development strategy for the ImmunoPulse  IL-12 program with Phase 2 and subsequent pivotal
clinical trials focused on various cancers, including those that have a demonstrated response to anti-PD-1/PD-L1 checkpoint therapies
such as metastatic melanoma and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. We believe that there is a significant unmet medical
need for patients who are non-responsive or refractory to anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapies.  

We
hope to be first-to-market in treatment for metastatic melanoma for patients who are non-responsive or refractory to currently
approved anti-PD-1 checkpoint therapies. We continue to also focus on partnering and commercialization strategies that leverage
Phase 2 clinical studies in the United States. Our near term plan is to identify and engage potential partners who are established
industry leaders in the field of immuno-oncology, or plan to expand their portfolio in this space.  

Competition   

We
are in a highly competitive industry. We are in competition with traditional and alternative therapies for the indications we
are targeting, as well as pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, hospitals, research organizations, individual scientists
and nonprofit organizations engaged in the development of drugs and other therapies for these indications. Our competitors may
succeed, and many have already succeeded, in developing competing products, obtaining FDA approval for products, or gaining patient
and physician acceptance of products before us for the same markets and indications that we are targeting. Many of these companies,
and large pharmaceutical companies in particular, have greater research and development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing,
financial and managerial resources, and experience than we have, and many of these companies may have products and product candidates
that are in a more advanced stage of development than our product candidates. If we are not  first to market  for
a particular indication, it may be more difficult for us or our collaborators to effectively enter markets unless we can demonstrate
our products are clearly superior to existing therapies (see also  Intellectual Property  below).  

Examples
of competitive therapies include the following:  

Immunotherapy   .
    This therapeutic approach stimulates the patient s own immune system to attack malignant tumor cells, which have managed
    to circumvent the body s natural immune processes that would normally recognize and destroy these cells before they
    are able to form growing cancerous tumors. Several methods have been employed to evoke this immune response, including monoclonal
    antibodies and autologous cell-based vaccines, as well as viral and non-viral targeted delivery of immunotherapeutic agents.   

YERVOY 
    (ipilimumab), approved in 2011, is a monoclonal antibody that acts to block the CTLA-4 receptor (an immune checkpoint receptor)
    on T-cells. In the presence of CTLA-4 receptor it is believed tumors are able to suppress the immune system from recognizing
    cancerous cells, however blockade of this receptor with YERVOY  (an anti-CTLA-4 antibody) appears to allow the immune
    system to generate an antitumor T-cell response.   

YERVOY 
    was the first approved immunotherapy in melanoma, and current research is evaluating the use of other anti-checkpoint monoclonal
    antibodies.   

Other
    monoclonal antibodies approved that act to block a checkpoint receptor, PD-1, were recently approved by the FDA. KEYTRUDA 
    (pembrolizumab) and OPDIVO  (nivolumab), were both approved for use in late-stage unresectable metastatic melanoma in
    2014 based on the impressive objective response rate data from Phase I and II clinical trials. A third monoclonal antibody
    like KEYTRUDA and OPDIVO, that targets the PD-1/PD-L1 checkpoint axis, TECENTRIQ (atezolizumab), was approved on May 18, 2016
    by the FDA for the treatment of urothelial carcinoma, the most common type of bladder cancer.   

Moreover,
    there are an increasing number of combination immunotherapies being evaluated, including combinations of checkpoint inhibitor
    therapies. In October 2015, the FDA announced the approval of the first immune checkpoint inhibitor combination of YERVOY 
    (ipilimumab) plus OPDIVO  (nivolumab) in advanced melanoma. We expect more approvals of this combination, and other novel
    combinations, to be approved in the coming years as more and more combinations continue to be investigated.   

Provenge ,
    a product developed and marketed by Dendreon Corporation, and many emerging therapies continue to employ an autologous cell-based
    mode of delivery, which involves the harvesting of a patient s own cells, growing them in a lab, incubating with a vaccine
    or immune stimulating agent, and re-administering the resulting product to the patient.   

Other
    cell-based approaches include Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocyte (TIL) and chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CART) therapies. These
    therapies continue to be investigated in clinical trials for both solid and hematologic cancers.   

Viral
    vectors, such as adenoviruses and oncolytic viruses, have also been used to deliver immunotherapeutic payloads to fight against
    cancerous cells, either systemically or through direct injection into the tumor. Clinical trials for this therapeutic delivery
    method are ongoing with no approved therapies yet to be available in the clinic. Recently, Amgen s tamoligene laherparapvec,
    or T-VEC, completed its Phase III trial and met its primary endpoint. This data was presented to the Oncologic Drugs Advisory
    Committee, who voted to recommend approval of this therapy to the FDA. The final decision on approval of this therapy remains
    with the FDA.   

Other
    non-viral vector methods, that deliver nucleic-acid based therapies, are also currently being developed and employed in ongoing
    clinical trials. Examples of other non-viral vector methods include, liposome-based delivery systems, bacterial-based delivery
    systems, and mechanical delivery systems.   

Vaccination   .
    The use of peripheral vaccination has long held interest as another potential modality that could prove beneficial in treating
    and limiting systemic oncologic disease. Several antigen-specific investigational vaccines have been tested in humans in the
    past, in particular in melanoma, such as MAGE-A3, however none of these have proven to be successful in a large Phase 3 registration
    trial.   

Employees   

We
have assembled a senior management team with many years of experience and success in biotech/pharma operations, business and commercial
development, and capital markets. In addition, we have assembled a clinical and regulatory team experienced in developing and
advancing novel therapeutic approaches through clinical testing and regulatory approvals. As of October 7, 2016, we have a total
of 46 employees. None of our employees is represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we
believe that our relations with our employees are good.  

We
expect to hire additional staff and to engage consultants in regulatory, compliance, investor and public relations, and general
administration as necessary. We also expect to engage experts in healthcare and in general business to advise us in various capacities.  

Intellectual
Property   

Our
success and ability to compete depends upon our intellectual property. We have acquired or been issued 28 U.S. patents and have
two U.S. patent applications pending. We have filed 14 U.S. provisional patent applications, and have converted three provisional
applications into regular utility applications. We will continue to file additional patent applications, when appropriate. We
have a total of 13 issued patents and six pending patent applications in other jurisdictions. In addition, we have licensed intellectual
property rights that allow us to use certain electroporation technology and methods of delivering DNA-based cytokines as an immunotherapy,
including using catheter-based delivery. The bulk of our patents, including fundamental patents directed toward our proprietary
technology, expire between 2017 and 2027.  

We
are party to a cross-license agreement with Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Inovio ), which we entered into concurrently
with the closing of our acquisition of certain assets from Inovio in 2011. This agreement provides for the exclusive license to
Inovio of patent rights sold to us by Inovio. Inovio is restricted to using these patent rights for the electroporation mediated
delivery of gene or nucleic acids, outside of those encoding cytokines. We received a non-exclusive cross-license by Inovio to
patent rights related to certain technology patents in exchange for specified sublicensing and other licensing fees and royalties.  

Government
Regulation   

United
States    

In
the United States, our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. Federal and state statutes and regulations,
many of which are administered by the FDA, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage,
recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and
import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable FDA or other requirements may subject a company
to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, a clinical
hold, warning letters, recall or seizure of products, partial or total suspension of production, withdrawal of the product from
the market, injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution.  

FDA
approval is required before any new unapproved drug or dosage form, including a new use of a previously approved drug, can be
marketed in the United States. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves,
among other things:  

completion
    of pre-clinical testing and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s good laboratory practice regulations;   

submission
    to the FDA of an investigational new drug application, or IND, for human clinical testing, which must become effective before
    human clinical trials may begin in the United States;   

performance
    of adequate human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practices to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed
    drug product for each intended use; and   

submission
    to the FDA of a new drug application, or NDA, which the FDA must review and approve.   

The
pre-clinical and clinical testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort, and financial resources, and the receipt
and timing of approval, if any, is highly uncertain. The results of pre-clinical tests, together with certain manufacturing information,
analytical data and a proposed clinical trial protocol and other information, are submitted as part of an IND to the FDA. Once
an IND is in effect, the protocol for each clinical trial to be conducted under the IND must be submitted to the FDA, which may
or may not allow the trial to proceed. A separate submission to an existing IND must also be made for each successive clinical
trial conducted during product development.  

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators
in accordance with good clinical practice requirements. For purposes of an NDA submission and approval, human clinical trials
are typically conducted in the following sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined:  

Phase
    1   : The drug is initially introduced into healthy human
    subjects or patients and tested for safety, dose tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, and excretion and, if possible,
    to gain an early indication of its effectiveness.   

Phase
    2   : The drug is administered to a limited patient population
    to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific
    targeted indications, and to determine dose tolerance and optimal dosage. Multiple Phase II clinical trials may be conducted.   

Phase
    3   : The drug is administered in large patient populations
    to obtain additional evidence of clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population at multiple, geographically-dispersed
    clinical trial sites and to establish the overall risk-benefit relationship of the drug.   

Phase
    4   : In some cases, the FDA may condition approval of an
    NDA for a product candidate on the sponsor s agreement to conduct additional clinical trials to further assess the drug s
    safety and effectiveness after NDA approval.   

The
results of product development, pre-clinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting
approval to market the product. NDAs must also contain extensive information relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry,
manufacture, controls, and proposed labeling, among other things.  

Once
the submission has been accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. Pursuant to the FDA s performance
goals, NDA reviews are to be completed within ten months, subject to extensions by the FDA. Before approving an NDA, the FDA often
inspects the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured and will not approve an application unless it determines
that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with good manufacturing practices. Additionally, the FDA will
typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with good clinical practices before approving an NDA. If the
FDA determines that the NDA is not acceptable, then the FDA may outline the deficiencies in the NDA and often will request additional
information or additional clinical trials. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional testing or information,
the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval.  

Even
if regulatory approval of a product candidate is obtained, such approval will usually impose limitations on the indicated uses
for which the product may be marketed. Additionally, the FDA may require post-approval testing, such as Phase IV studies, or surveillance
programs to monitor the effect of approved products, and the FDA has the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a product
based on the results of these post-marketing programs.  

After
FDA approval, a product will be subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements
relating to drug/device listing, recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, manufacturing practices,
labeling, advertising and promotion, and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. The FDA may withdraw its approval
of a product if compliance with regulatory requirements and manufacturing standards is not maintained or if problems occur after
the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated
severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among
other things: restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product; complete withdrawal of the product from the market
or product recalls; fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; or injunctions or the imposition of civil
or criminal penalties.  

International
Regulation    

When
we pursue research and/or commercialization of our product candidates in countries other than the United States, we will need
to obtain the necessary approvals by the regulatory authorities of such foreign countries comparable to the FDA before we could
commence clinical trials or marketing of our product candidates in those countries, and we would be subject to a variety of foreign
regulations regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution
of our products. The approval processes and requirements vary by country and can involve additional product testing and additional
review periods, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required to obtain FDA approval.  

Other
Regulatory Requirements and Environmental Matters    

We
are or may become subject to various laws and regulations regarding laboratory practices and the experimental use of animals,
as well as environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, any use and disposal by us of hazardous or potentially
hazardous substances in connection with our research. In each of these areas, as above, the FDA and other government agencies
have broad regulatory and enforcement powers, including, among other things, the ability to levy fines and civil penalties, suspend
or delay issuance of approvals, seize or recall products, and withdraw approvals, any one or more of which could have a material
adverse effect on us. Additionally, if we are able to successfully obtain approvals for and commercialize our product candidates,
then we may become subject to various federal, state, and local laws targeting fraud, abuse, privacy, and security in the healthcare
industry.  

Manufacturing   

We
currently contract with third parties for the manufacture, testing and storage of our plasmid product candidate and intend to
continue to do so in the future.   We currently assemble certain
components of our electroporation systems, which is our delivery mechanism for our biologic to a patient s cell. We utilize
the services of contract manufacturers to manufacture the remaining components of these systems and our product supplies for clinical
trials and intend to continue to do so in the future. We are ISO 13485 certified and have an audited quality management system.
In addition, all manufacturers of our products must comply with cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection
program.  

We
do not own and have no plans to build our own clinical or commercial plasmid manufacturing capabilities. The use of contracted
manufacturing is relatively cost-efficient and has eliminated the need for our direct investment in manufacturing facilities.
Because we rely on contract manufacturers, we employ personnel with extensive technical, manufacturing, analytical and quality
experience to oversee contract manufacturing and testing activities, and to compile manufacturing and quality information for
our regulatory submissions.  

Manufacturing
is subject to extensive regulations that impose various procedural and documentation requirements, and which govern record keeping,
manufacturing processes and controls, personnel, quality control and quality assurance, among others. Our systems and our contractors
are required to be in compliance with these regulations, and this is assessed regularly through monitoring of performance and
a formal audit program. We believe that there are alternate sources of raw material supply and finished goods manufacturing that
can satisfy our requirements, although we cannot be certain that transitioning to such vendors, if necessary, would not result
in significant delay or material additional costs.  

Research
and Development   

We
recognized $14.7 million and $13.1 million in research and development expenses in the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. From our inception through July 31, 2016, we have incurred an aggregate of approximately $39.7 million of research
and development expenses, the significant majority of which relate to our development of immuno-oncology therapeutic product candidates,
with the use of an electroporation device.  

Corporate
    Information   

We
were incorporated under the laws of Nevada on February 8, 2008 under the name  Netventory Solutions Inc.  Initially,
we provided online inventory services to small and medium sized companies. On March 1, 2011, we changed our name to  OncoSec
Medical Incorporated.  In March 2011, we acquired certain assets related to the use of drug-medical device combination products
for the treatment of various cancers from Inovio. With this acquisition, we abandoned our efforts in the online inventory services
industry and began focusing our efforts in the biotechnology industry. Our corporate headquarters is currently located at 5820
Nancy Ridge Drive, San Diego, CA 92121 and the telephone number is 855-662-6732.  

We
make available, free of charge, on our website,  www.oncosec.com , our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and amendments thereto,
as soon as reasonably practical after we file such materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any information that
we include on or link to our website is not a part of this report or any registration statement that incorporates this report
by reference.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

Investment
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as all other
information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements, the notes thereto and the section
entitled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our business, financial
condition, results of operations and stock price could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.    

We
will need to raise additional capital in future periods to continue operating our business, and such additional funds may not
be available on acceptable terms or at all.    

We
do not generate any cash from operations and will need to raise additional funds in future periods in order to continue operating
our business. We estimate our cash requirements for the next 12 months to be approximately $22.3 million. As of July 31, 2016,
we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $29.0 million.  

We
have a history of raising funds through offerings of our common stock and warrants to purchase our common stock. We expect to
continue to fund our operations primarily through public or private equity financings in the near future, and we may also raise
funds through debt financings, grants, corporate collaborations, or licensing arrangements.  

We
will require additional financing to fund our planned operations, including developing and commercializing our intellectual property,
seeking to license or acquire new assets, researching and developing any potential patents, related compounds, and other intellectual
property, funding potential acquisitions, and supporting clinical trials and seeking regulatory approval relating to our assets
and any assets we may develop or acquire in the future. Additional financing may not be available to us when needed or, if available,
may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. If we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds,
our existing stockholders may experience substantial dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences,
and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we incur debt, it may increase our leverage relative to our earnings
or to our equity capitalization, requiring us to pay additional interest expense. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans
would be available, would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments.  

We
may not be able to obtain additional financing if the volatile and uncertain conditions in the capital and financial markets,
and more particularly the market for early-development-stage biotechnology and life science company stocks, persist. Weak economic
and capital markets conditions could result in increased difficulties in raising capital for our operations. We may not be able
to raise money through the sale of our equity securities or through borrowing funds on terms we find acceptable. If we cannot
raise the funds that we need, we may be unable to continue our operations, and our stockholders could lose their entire investment
in our Company.  

We
may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the assets we have acquired or develop and commercialize new assets and
product candidates.    

Our
future results of operations will depend to a significant extent upon our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our
product candidates, including the assets we acquired from Inovio. In addition, we plan to expand our clinical pipeline and to
build our product portfolio through the acquisition or licensing of new assets, product candidates or approved products. There
are numerous difficulties inherent in acquiring, developing and commercializing new products and product candidates, including
difficulties related to:  

successfully
    identifying potential product candidates;   

developing
    potential product candidates;   

conducting
    or completing clinical trials, including receiving incomplete, unconvincing, or equivocal clinical trials data;   

obtaining
    requisite regulatory approvals for such products in a timely manner or at all;   

acquiring,
    developing, testing, and manufacturing products in compliance with regulatory standards in a timely manner or at all;   

being
    subject to legal actions brought by our competitors, which may delay or prevent the development and commercialization of new
    products;   

significant
    and unpredictable changes in the payor landscape, coverage, and reimbursement for any products we successfully develop and
    commercialize; and   

delays
    or unanticipated costs, including those related to the foregoing.   

As
a result of these and other difficulties, we may be unable to develop potential product candidates using our intellectual property,
and our potential products in development may not receive regulatory approvals in a timely manner or at all. If we do not acquire
or develop product candidates, if any of our product candidates are not approved in a timely manner or at all, or if any of our
product candidates, when acquired or developed and approved, cannot be successfully manufactured and commercialized, our operating
results would be adversely affected. In addition, we may not recoup our investment in developing products, even if we are successful
in commercializing those products. Our business expenditures may not result in the successful acquisition, development, or commercialization
of products that will prove to be commercially successful or result in the long-term profitability of our business.  

If
the commencement or completion of clinical testing for product candidates based on our technology is delayed or prevented, that
could result in increased costs to us and delay or limit our ability to pursue regulatory approval or generate revenues.    

Clinical
trials are very expensive, time-consuming, and difficult to design and implement. Even if we are able to complete our proposed
clinical trials and the results are favorable, clinical trials for product candidates based on our technology will continue for
several years and may take significantly longer than expected to complete.  

Delays
in the commencement or completion of clinical testing could significantly affect our product development costs and business plan.
We do not know whether our Phase 2 clinical trials will be completed on schedule, if at all; however, current enrollment in the
clinical trials suggest completion in late calendar 2016 or early calendar 2017. We do not know whether any other pre-clinical
or clinical trials, including Phase 3 clinical trials, will begin on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. In addition,
a number of pre-clinical and clinical trials related to our product candidates are investigator-initiated and sponsored. An investigator-initiated
trial is a research effort in which the investigator designs and implements the study and the investigator or the institution
acts as the study sponsor. The trial sponsor has control over the design, conduct and timing of such trials, and we have limited
or no control over the commencement and completion of such trials.  

In
addition, to the extent that our strategy focuses on the combination of our product candidates with third parties  anti-PD-1/PD-L1
products or product candidates, certain of our clinical studies may invole the combination of our product candidates with the
products or product candidates of third parties. This is true of our combination IST, a Phase 2 investigator sponsored clinical
trial led by the University of California San Francisco to assess the combination of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 and Merck s
anti-PD-1 antibody KEYTRUDA . This study raises additional risks due to its reliance on factors outside our control, such
as those relating to the availability and marketability of KEYTRUDA . If we or our clinical investigators are unable to secure
a sufficient supply of third-party products or candidates, such as KEYTRUDA , on commercially reasonable terms, our clinical
studies could be delayed or we could be forced to terminate these studies. Such a delay or termination would have a material impact
on our development strategy, business, results of operations, financial conditions, and prospects.  

The
commencement and completion of clinical trials can be delayed or prevented for a number of reasons, including delays or issues
related to:  

obtaining
    clearance from the   Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or
    respective international regulatory body equivalents to commence a clinical trial;   

reaching
    agreement on acceptable terms with prospective clinical research organizations, or CROs, clinical investigators, and trial
    sites;   

obtaining
    institutional review board, or IRB, approval to initiate and conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site;   

identifying,
    recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators;   

identifying,
    recruiting and enrolling subjects to participate in clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including competition from other
    clinical trial programs for similar indications;   

retaining
    patients who have initiated a clinical trial but may be prone to withdraw due to side effects from the therapy, lack of efficacy,
    personal issues, death, or for any other reason they choose, or who are lost to further follow-up; and   

identifying
    and maintaining a sufficient supply of third-party products or product candidates, including those produced by third parties,
    on commercially reasonable terms.   

We
believe that we have planned and designed an adequate development strategy for our electroporation technology. However, the FDA
could determine that it is not satisfied with our plan or the details of our pivotal clinical trial protocols and designs.  

Additionally,
changes in applicable regulatory requirements and guidance may occur and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to reflect
these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact
the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. If we experience delays in completion of, or if we terminate,
any of our clinical trials, the commercial prospects for our product candidates may be harmed, which may have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  

If
we are unable to successfully recruit and retain qualified personnel, we may not successfully maintain or grow our business.    

In
order to successfully implement and manage our business plan, we will depend upon, among other things, successfully recruiting
and retaining qualified executives, managers, scientists and other employees having relevant experience in the biotechnology industry.
Competition for qualified individuals is intense, particularly in our geographical location where there are several larger, more
established biotechnology companies that compete with us for talent. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific
and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including
scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our
consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts
with other entities that may limit their availability to support us. If we are not able to retain existing personnel and find,
attract, and retain new qualified personnel on acceptable terms and in a timely manner to coincide with our growth, we may not
be able to successful maintain or grow our business and our business operations and prospects could suffer.  

Additionally,
although we have employment agreements with each of our executive officers, these agreements are terminable by them at will and
we may not be able to retain any one or more of our executives. The loss of the services of any one or more members of our senior
management team, including recent changes within our management team, could (i) disrupt or divert our focus from pursuing our
business plan while we seek to recruit other executives, (ii) impact the perceptions of our employees, partners and investors,
and perceptions of prospective employees, partners and investors, regarding our business and prospects, (iii) cause us to incur
substantial costs in connection with managing transitions and recruiting suitable replacements, and (iv) delay or prevent the
development and commercialization of our product candidates. These and other potential consequences could cause significant harm
to our business, especially to the extent that we are not able to recruit suitable replacements in a timely manner.  

Future
growth could strain our resources, and if we are unable to manage our growth, we may not be able to successfully implement our
business plan.    

Our
business plan includes the continued growth of our operations, including, but not limited to, the opening of one or more foreign
subsidiaries and the expansion of our clinical studies beyond the U.S. Such growth could place a significant strain on our management,
administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. Our future success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our executive
officers to manage growth effectively. This will require that we hire and train additional personnel to support our expanding
operations. International growth will expose us to more complexity in our regulatory and accounting compliance and will expose
us to new risks and challenges inherent in international operations with which we may not be familiar, such as changing taxes
or duties, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, changes in applicable laws or policies, and potential for war or civil unrest.
In addition, we must continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures,
which can be made even more challenging while our operations are growing. If we fail to successfully manage our growth, we may
be unable to execute upon our business plan.  

Our
success depends in large part on our ability to protect our intellectual property using a combination of patents, trade secrets,
and confidentiality agreements. Certain of our patents will expire in the near future, and we may have difficulties protecting
our proprietary rights and technology and we may not be able to ensure their protection.    

Our
commercial success will depend in large part on obtaining and maintaining patent, trademark, and trade secret protection of our
product candidates and their respective components, including devices, formulations, manufacturing methods, and methods of treatment,
as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop third parties from making,
using, selling, offering to sell, or importing our product candidates is dependent upon the extent to which we have rights under
valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. As we describe elsewhere in this Annual Report, we
have patent protection for components of our ImmunoPulse  product candidates. Our current device portfolio includes US7,412,284
and EP999867, which cover our current clinical device. These patents will expire between 2017 and 2018, at which point we can
no longer enforce these against third parties to prevent them from making, using, selling, offering to sell, or importing our
current clinical device. This could expose us to substantially more competition and have a material adverse impact on our business
and our ability to commercialize or license our technology and products.  

In
addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application typically is significantly reduced before a patent is issued, either in
the United States or abroad. Consequently, any of our pending or future patent applications may not result in the issuance of
patents and any patents issued may be subjected to further proceedings limiting their scope and may in any event not contain claims
broad enough to provide meaningful protection. Any patents that are issued to us or our future collaborators may not provide significant
proprietary protection or competitive advantage and may be circumvented or invalidated. In addition, unpatented proprietary rights,
including trade secrets and know-how, can be difficult to protect and may lose their value if they are independently developed
by a third party or if their secrecy is lost. Further, because development and commercialization of our potential product candidates
can be subject to substantial delays, our patents may expire or provide only a short period of protection, if any, following any
future commercialization of products. Moreover, obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various
procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and our patent protection
could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. If any of our patents are found to be invalid or unenforceable,
or if we are otherwise unable to adequately protect our rights, it could have a material adverse impact on our business and our
ability to commercialize or license our technology and products.  

We
have never generated, and may never generate, profit from our operations.    

We
have not generated any revenue from operations since our inception. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, we incurred a
net loss of approximately $26.9 million. From inception through July 31, 2016, we have incurred an aggregate net loss of approximately
$73.5 million. We expect that our operating expenses will continue to increase as we expand our current headcount, further our
development activities, and continue to pursue FDA approval for our product candidates.  

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our product development and commercialization efforts, we are unable to
predict the extent of our future losses or when or if we will become profitable, and it is possible we will never commercialize
any of our product candidates or become profitable. Our failure to obtain regulatory approval and successfully commercialize any
of our product candidates would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and
prospects and could result in our inability to continue operations.  

Regulatory
authorities may not approve our product candidates or the approvals we secure may be too limited or too late for us to earn sufficient
revenues.    

The
research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, selling, marketing and distribution of our product candidates are subject
to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, which regulations
differ from country to country. The FDA and other foreign regulatory agencies can delay approval of or refuse to approve our product
candidates for a variety of reasons, including failure to meet safety and efficacy endpoints in our clinical trials. Our product
candidates may not be approved even if they achieve their endpoints in clinical trials. Regulatory agencies, including the FDA,
may disagree with our or our partners  trial design and our interpretation of data from preclinical studies and clinical
trials. Clinical trials of our product candidates may not demonstrate that they are safe and effective to the extent necessary
to obtain regulatory approvals. Our clinical trial addendum to assess our ImmunoPulse  IL-12 single-agent therapy in patients
with metastatic melanoma recently closed enrollment and we have one biomarker-focused pilot study of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 in
patients with triple negative breast cancer open for enrollment. In addition, our combination IST, a Phase 2 investigator sponsored
clinical trial led by the University of California San Francisco to assess the combination of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 and Merck s
anti-PD-1 antibody KEYTRUDA , is ongoing and continues to enroll patients. This combination trial raises additional risks
due to its reliance on factors outside our control, such as those risks described elsewhere in these Risk Factors relating to
the availability and marketability of KEYTRUDA .  

If
we cannot adequately demonstrate through the clinical trial process that a therapeutic product we are developing is safe and effective,
regulatory approval of that product would be delayed or prevented, which would impair our reputation, increase our costs and prevent
us from earning revenues. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical studies does not ensure that later clinical trials
will generate adequate data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of an investigational drug. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries, including many with greater resources and experience than us, have suffered significant setbacks
in clinical trials, even after seeing promising results in earlier clinical trials. Even if a product candidate is approved, it
may be approved for fewer or more limited indications than requested or the approval may be subject to the performance of significant
post-marketing studies. In addition, regulatory agencies may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for
the successful commercialization of our product candidates. Any limitation, condition or denial of approval would have an adverse
effect on our business, reputation and results of operations.  

Because
of the substantial competition we face, even if we are able to secure regulatory approval of our product candidates, delays in
such regulatory approval could delay or even prevent our ability to commercialize our product candidates. Even a failure to secure
accelerated regulatory approval under the FDA Accelerated Approval Program, or similar foreign programs, could lead us to reconsider
our development strategies and delay or prevent us from commercializing our product candidates.  

We
must rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their duties or
meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our
business could be substantially harmed.    

We
have entered into, and expect to continue to enter into, agreements with third-party clinical research organizations, or CROs,
to conduct our clinical trials. We currently rely on these parties for the execution of our clinical and pre-clinical studies,
and control only certain aspects of their activities. We, and our CROs, are required to comply with the current FDA Code of Federal
Regulations for Conducting Clinical Trials and Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, and International Conference on Harmonisation of
Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use, or ICH, guidelines. The FDA and similar foreign regulators
enforce these GCP regulations through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators, CRO trial sites, laboratories,
and any entity having to do with the completion of the study protocol and processing of data. If we, or our CROs, fail to comply
with applicable GCP regulations, the data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA may require us
to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. Upon inspection, the FDA and similar foreign
regulators may determine that our clinical trials are not compliant with GCP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations
may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would increase costs and delay the regulatory approval process.  

If
any of our relationships with third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs
on commercially reasonable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties
or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they
obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons,
our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our product candidates
could be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate additional revenues could be delayed.  

We
have participated in, and continue to participate in, clinical trials conducted under an approved investigator-sponsored investigational
new drug (IND) application, and correspondence and communication with the FDA pertaining to these trials will strictly be between
the investigator and the FDA.    

We
have participated in, and continue to participate in, clinical trials conducted under an approved investigator-sponsored investigational
new drug (IND) application, including our Phase 2 investigator sponsored clinical trial led by the University of California San
Francisco to assess the combination of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 and Merck s anti-PD-1 antibody KEYTRUDA . Regulations
and guidelines imposed by the FDA with respect to IND applications include a requirement that the sponsor of a clinical trial
provide ongoing communication with the agency as it pertains to safety of the treatment. This communication can be relayed to
the agency in the form of safety reports, annual reports, or verbal communication at the request of the FDA. Accordingly, it is
the responsibility of each investigator (as the sponsor of the trial) to be the point of contact with the FDA. The communication
and information provided by the investigator may not be appropriate and accurate, and the investigator has the ultimate responsibility
and final decision-making authority with respect to submissions to the FDA. This may result in reviews, audits, delays, or clinical
holds by the FDA ultimately affecting the timelines for these studies and potentially risking the completion of these trials.  

We
are an early-stage, pre-commercial company with a limited operating history, which may hinder our ability to successfully generate
revenues and meet our objectives.    

We
are an early-stage, pre-commercial company with only a limited operating history upon which to base an evaluation of our current
business and future prospects and how we will respond to competitive, financial, or technological challenges. Although we plan
to investigate licensing and partnering opportunities, we are not currently planning on generating any significant near term revenue;
therefore, the income potential of our business is unproven. In addition, because of our limited operating history, we have limited
insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. Errors may be made in predicting and reacting to relevant business
trends and we will be subject to the risks, uncertainties, and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in
evolving markets. We may not be able to successfully address any or all of these risks and uncertainties. Failure to adequately
do so could cause our business, results of operations, and financial condition to suffer or fail.  

We
have not commercialized any of our product candidates. Our ability to generate revenues from any of our product candidates will
depend on a number of factors, including our ability to successfully complete clinical trials, obtain necessary regulatory approvals,
and negotiate arrangements with third parties to help finance the development of, and market and distribute, any product candidate
that receives regulatory approval. In addition, even if we achieve regulatory approval for one or more of our product candidates,
we will be subject to the risk that the marketplace may not accept our products in sufficient levels for us to achieve profitability,
or at all.  

The
biotechnology industry is highly competitive and our competitors tend to be larger and have been in business longer than us.    

The
biotechnology industry has an intensely competitive environment that will require an ongoing, extensive search for technological
innovations and the ability to market products effectively, including the ability to communicate the effectiveness, safety, and
value of products to healthcare professionals in private practice, group practices, and payors in managed care organizations,
group purchasing organizations, and Medicare   Medicaid services.  

We
face competition from a number of sources, including large pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, academic institutions,
government agencies and private and public research institutions. We are smaller than almost all of our competitors. Most of our
competitors have been in business for a longer period of time than us, have a greater number of products on the market, and have
greater financial and other resources than we do. Furthermore, recent trends in this industry are that large drug companies are
consolidating into a smaller number of very large entities, which further concentrates financial, technical, and market strength
and increases competitive pressure in the industry.  

Our
competitors may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we are able to or may obtain patent protection
or other intellectual property rights that limit or block us from developing or commercializing our product candidates. If we
are able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or any assets we may acquire in the future, we will face competition
from products currently marketed by larger competitors that address our targeted indications. If we directly compete with these
very large entities for the same markets and/or products, their financial strength could prevent us from capturing a share of
those markets. Our competitors may also develop products that are more effective, more useful, better tolerated, subject to fewer
or less severe side effects, more widely prescribed or accepted, or less costly than ours and may also be more successful than
us in manufacturing and marketing their products.  

We
also face competition from product candidates that are or could be under development. We expect our product candidates, if approved
and commercialized, to compete on the basis of, among other things, product efficacy and safety, time to market, price, patient
reimbursement by third-party payors, extent of adverse side effects, and convenience of treatment procedures. We may not be able
to effectively compete in one or more of these areas.  

If
we are unable to compete effectively with the marketed therapeutics of our competitors or if such competitors are successful in
developing products that compete with our potential product candidates, our business, results of operations, financial condition,
and prospects may be materially adversely affected.  

Our
failure to successfully develop, acquire, and market additional product candidates or approved products would impair our ability
to grow.    

Our
business plan includes the expansion of our clinical pipeline and our product portfolio through the acquisition, in-license, development
and/or marketing of additional products and product candidates. The success of our efforts to expand our clinical pipeline and
to build our product portfolio will depend in significant part on our ability to successfully identify, select and acquire promising
product candidates and products.  

The
process of proposing, negotiating and implementing a license or acquisition of a product candidate or approved product can be
lengthy and complex. Other companies, including many of our competitors with substantially greater financial, marketing and sales
resources, may compete with us for the license or acquisition of product candidates and approved products. Our experience in making
acquisitions, entering collaborations and in-licensing product candidates is limited, and we have limited resources to identify
and execute the acquisition or in-licensing of third-party products, businesses and technologies and integrate them into our current
infrastructure. We may incorrectly judge the value or worth of an acquired or in-licensed product candidate, approved product
or other asset. Moreover, we may devote resources to potential acquisitions or in-licensing opportunities that are never completed,
or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such efforts. We may not be able to acquire the rights to additional product
candidates on terms that we find acceptable, or at all.  

In
addition, future acquisitions may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including:  

exposure
    to unknown liabilities;   

disruption
    of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention to manage the acquisition and develop acquired
    products or technologies;   

incurrence
    of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of securities to pay for acquisitions;   

higher
    than expected acquisition and integration costs;   

increased
    amortization expenses;   

difficulty
    and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired business with our operations and personnel;   

impairment
    of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired business due to changes in management and ownership; and   

inability
    to retain key employees of any acquired business.   

Any
collaboration arrangement that we have entered into or may enter into in the future may not be successful, which could adversely
affect our ability to develop and commercialize our current and potential future product candidates.    

We
may seek collaboration arrangements with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies for the development or commercialization of
our current and potential future product candidates, including our pursuit of combination trials to develop and commercialize
our product candidates as combination products. Drug/device combination products are particularly complex, expensive and time-consuming
to develop due to the number of variables involved in the final product design, including ease of patient and doctor use, maintenance
of clinical efficacy, reliability and cost of manufacturing, regulatory approval requirements and standards, and other important
factors. Thereafter, such products face continued risk and uncertainty related to manufacturing and supply until the commercial
supply chain is validated and proven.  

We
will face, to the extent that we decide to enter into collaboration agreements, significant competition in seeking appropriate
collaborators. Moreover, collaboration arrangements are complex and time-consuming to negotiate, document and implement. We may
not be successful in our efforts to establish and implement collaborations or other alternative arrangements should we choose
to enter into such arrangements, or the terms of such arrangements may not be favorable to us. If and when we collaborate with
a third party for development and commercialization of a product candidate, we can expect to relinquish some or all of the control
over the future success of that product candidate to the third party. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend
heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators, who would likely have significant discretion in determining the efforts
and resources that they will apply to these collaborations.  

Disagreements
between parties to a collaboration arrangement regarding clinical development and commercialization matters can lead to delays
in the development process or commercializing the applicable product candidate and, in some cases, termination of the collaboration
arrangement. These disagreements can be difficult to resolve if neither party has final decision-making authority. Collaborations
with third parties often are terminated or allowed to expire by the third party, which would adversely affect us financially and
could harm our business reputation.  

We
may incur liability if our promotions of product candidates are determined, or are perceived, to be inconsistent with regulatory
guidelines.    

The
FDA provides guidelines with respect to appropriate product promotion and continuing medical and health education activities.
Although we endeavor to follow these guidelines, the FDA or the Office of the Inspector General: U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services may disagree, and we may be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies as well
as criminal sanctions. In addition, management s attention could be diverted and our reputation could be damaged.  

If
we and the contract manufacturers upon whom we rely fail to produce our systems and product candidates in the volumes that we
require on a timely basis, or fail to comply with stringent regulations, we may face delays in the development and commercialization
of our electroporation equipment and product candidates.    

We
currently assemble certain components of our electroporation systems, which is our delivery mechanism for our biologic to a patient s
cell. We utilize the services of contract manufacturers to manufacture the remaining components of these systems and our product
supplies for clinical trials. We expect to increase our reliance on third party manufacturers if and when we commercialize our
product candidates and systems. The manufacture of our systems and product supplies requires significant expertise and capital
investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers often encounter
difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up for commercial production. These problems include difficulties with production
costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the equipment and product candidates and quality assurance testing,
shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. If we or
our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties or our manufacturers otherwise fail to comply with their obligations
to us, our ability to provide our electroporation equipment to our partners and products to patients in our clinical trials or
to commercially launch a product would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could
delay the completion of our clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining our clinical trial program, and, depending
upon the period of delay, require us to commence new trials at significant additional expense or terminate the trials completely.  

In
addition, all manufacturers of our products must comply with cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection
program. These requirements include, among other things, quality control, quality assurance, and the generation and maintenance
of records and documentation. Manufacturers of our products may be unable to comply with these cGMP requirements and with other
FDA, state, and foreign regulatory requirements. We have little control over our manufacturers  compliance with these regulations
and standards. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production,
suspension or delay in product approval, product seizure or recall, or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any product
is compromised due to our or our manufacturers  failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be
able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our products, and we may be held liable for any injuries
sustained as a result. Any of these factors could cause a delay of clinical trials, regulatory submissions, approvals, or commercialization
of our products, entail higher costs, or result in our being unable to effectively commercialize our products. Furthermore, assuming
we are successful in commercializing one or more of our product candidates, if our manufacturers fail to deliver the required
commercial quantities on a timely basis, pursuant to provided specifications and at commercially reasonable prices, we may be
unable to meet demand for our products and would lose potential revenues.  

We
may not be successful in executing our strategy for the commercialization of our product candidates. If we are unable to successfully
execute our commercialization strategy, we may not be able to generate significant revenue.    

We
intend to advance a commercialization strategy that leverages previous in-depth clinical experiences, previous CE ( Conformit 
Europ ene ) approvals, and late-stage clinical studies in the United States. This strategy includes seeking approval
from the FDA and similar foreign regulators to initiate pivotal registration studies in the United States and abroad, including
studies in select rare cancers that have limited, adverse, or no therapeutic alternatives. This strategy also includes expanding
the addressable markets for our therapies through the addition of relevant indications. Our commercialization plan also includes
partnering and/or co-developing our technology in developing regions, such as Eastern Europe and Asia, where local resources are
best leveraged and appropriate collaborators can be secured.  

We
may not be able to implement a commercialization strategy as we have planned. Further, we have not proven our ability to succeed
in the biotechnology industry and are not certain that our implementation strategy, if implemented correctly, would lead to significant
revenue. If we are unable to successfully implement our commercialization plans and drive adoption by patients and physicians
of our potential future products through our sales, marketing, and commercialization efforts, then we will not be able to generate
significant revenue which will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and
prospects.  

If
any product candidate for which we receive regulatory approval does not achieve broad market acceptance or coverage by third-party
payors, our revenues may be limited.    

The
commercial success of any potential product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval from the FDA or other regulatory
authorities will depend upon the acceptance of these products by physicians, patients, healthcare payors, and the medical community.
Coverage and reimbursement of our approved product by third-party payors is also necessary for commercial success. The degree
of market acceptance of any potential product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval will depend on a number
of factors, including:  

our
    ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy;   

acceptance
    by physicians and patients of the product as a safe and effective treatment;   

the
    prevalence and severity of adverse side effects;   

limitations
    or warnings contained in a product s FDA-approved labeling or other regulator-approved labeling;   

the
    clinical indications for which the product is approved;   

availability
    and perceived advantages of alternative treatments;   

any
    negative publicity related to our or our competitors  products;   

the
    effectiveness of our or any current or future collaborators  sales, marketing, and distribution strategies;   

pricing
    and cost effectiveness;   

our
    ability to obtain sufficient third-party payor coverage or reimbursement; and   

the
    willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party payor coverage.   

Cost
containment is a primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry. Third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting
coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular products and procedures. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring
that companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products.
We cannot assure you that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if reimbursement
is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of,
any product for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited
levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate that we successfully develop.  

In
addition, the regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing, coverage and reimbursement for new therapeutic products vary
widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a product before it can be marketed. In many
countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets,
prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted.
As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations
that delay our commercial launch of the product and negatively impact the revenue we are able to generate from the sale of the
product in that country.  

Our
efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of any of our potential product candidates may
require significant resources and may never be successful. If our potential products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance
by physicians, third-party payors, and patients, physicians may not choose to utilize our product and we may not generate sufficient
revenue from these products to become or remain profitable.  

In
order to market our proprietary products, we may choose to establish our own sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities,
and if we have problems establishing these capabilities, the commercialization of our products would be impaired.    

We
may choose to establish our own sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities to market products to our target markets. Developing
these capabilities will require significant expenditures on personnel and infrastructure. While we intend to market products that
are aimed at a small patient population, we may not be able to create an effective sales force around even a niche market. In
addition, some of our product candidates may require a large sales force to call on, educate, and support physicians and patients.
We may desire in the future to enter into collaborations with one or more pharmaceutical companies to sell, market, and distribute
such products, but we may not be able to enter into any such arrangement on acceptable terms, if at all. Any collaboration we
do enter into may not be effective in generating meaningful product royalties or other revenues for us.  

Extensive
industry regulation has had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on our business, especially our product development,
manufacturing, and distribution capabilities.    

All
biotechnology companies are subject to extensive, complex, costly, and evolving government regulation. For the U.S., these regulations
are principally administered by the FDA and to a lesser extent by the United States Drug Enforcement Agency, or DEA, and state
government agencies, as well as by various regulatory agencies in foreign countries where products or product candidates are being
manufactured and/or marketed. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Controlled Substances Act, and other federal statutes
and regulations, and similar foreign statutes and regulations, govern or influence the testing, manufacturing, packing, labeling,
storing, record keeping, safety, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution of our products. Under these regulations,
we may become subject to periodic inspection of our facilities, procedures, and operations and/or the testing of our product candidates
and products by the FDA, the DEA, and other authorities, which conduct periodic inspections to confirm that we are in compliance
with all applicable regulations. In addition, the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies conduct pre-approval and post-approval reviews
and plant inspections to determine whether our systems and processes are in compliance with cGMP and other regulations. Following
such inspections, the FDA or other agency may issue observations, notices, citations, and/or warning letters that could cause
us to modify certain activities identified during the inspection. To the extent that we successfully commercialize any product,
we may also be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued regulatory review with respect to manufacturing, processing, labeling,
packaging, distribution, storage, advertising, promotion, and recordkeeping for the product. Additionally, we may be required
to conduct potentially costly post-approval studies and report adverse events associated with our products to the FDA and other
regulatory authorities. Unexpected or serious health or safety concerns would result in labeling changes, recalls, market withdrawals,
or other regulatory actions.  

The
range of possible sanctions includes, among others, FDA issuance of adverse publicity, product recalls or seizures, fines, total
or partial suspension of production and/or distribution, suspension of the FDA s review of product applications, enforcement
actions, injunctions, and civil or criminal prosecution. Any such sanctions, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. Under certain circumstances, the FDA also has the authority
to revoke previously granted drug approvals. Similar sanctions as detailed above may be available to the FDA under a consent decree,
depending upon the actual terms of such decree. If internal compliance programs do not meet regulatory agency standards or if
compliance is deemed deficient in any significant way, it could materially harm our business.  

Moreover,
the regulations, policies, or guidance of the FDA or other regulatory agencies may change and new or additional statutes or government
regulations may be enacted that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates or further restrict or regulate
post-approval activities. If we are not able to achieve and maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted to market
our potential product candidates, which would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability.  

If
we fail to comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations,
prospects and financial condition could be adversely affected.    

Certain
federal and state healthcare laws and regulations may be applicable to our business, including:  

the
    federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, people from soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration,
    directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering
    of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs;   

federal
    false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be
    presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent;   

the
    Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or ACA, expands the government s investigative and enforcement authority
    and increases the penalties for fraud and abuse, including amendments to both the False Claims Act and the Anti-Kickback Statute
    to make it easier to bring suit under those statutes;   

the
    federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits executing a scheme to defraud
    any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters and which also imposes certain requirements
    relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information;   

the
    Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product marketing, prohibits manufacturers
    from marketing drug products for off-label use and regulates the distribution of drug samples; and   

state
    law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or
    services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, and state laws governing the privacy and security
    of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not
    preempted by Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.   

Additionally,
the compliance environment is changing, with more states, such as California and Massachusetts, mandating implementation of compliance
programs, compliance with industry ethics codes, and spending limits, and other states, such as Vermont, Maine, and Minnesota
requiring reporting to state governments of gifts, compensation, and other remuneration to physicians. Under the ACA, pharmaceutical
companies must record any transfers of value made to doctors and teaching hospitals and to disclose such data to the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services, or HHS. These laws all provide for penalties for non-compliance. The shifting regulatory environment,
along with the requirement to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements, increases
the possibility that a company may run afoul of one or more laws. It also may adversely affect:  

our
    ability to set a price we believe is fair for our products;   

our
    ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability;   

the
    availability of capital; and   

our
    ability to obtain timely approval of our products.   

Further,
even though we do not and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to third-party payors, certain federal
and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients  rights may be applicable to our business.
We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse and patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states
in which we conduct our business.  

To
the extent that we operate in a foreign country or any product we make is sold in a foreign country, we also may be subject to
foreign laws and regulations.  

If
we or our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that
apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring
of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business and our financial results. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully
defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation
of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security and fraud laws
may prove costly and have a significant adverse effect on us.  

We
face potential product liability exposure and if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability.    

The
clinical use of our product candidates exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. Any side effects, manufacturing defects,
misuse, or abuse associated with our product candidates could result in injury to a patient or even death. In addition, a liability
claim may be brought against us even if our product candidates merely appear to have caused an injury. Product liability claims
may be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies, or others coming into contact with our
product candidates, among others.  

Regardless
of merit or potential outcome, product liability claims against us may result in, among other effects, the inability to commercialize
our product candidates, impairment of our business reputation, withdrawal of clinical trial participants, and distraction of management s
attention from our primary business. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we could incur
substantial liabilities.  

We
may engage in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses, and present significant distractions
to our management.    

From
time to time we may consider engaging in strategic transactions, such as acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and out-licensing
or in-licensing of products, product candidates or technologies. Any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or
other charges, may increase our near and long-term expenditures, and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our
management or business, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. For example, these transactions may
entail numerous operational and financial risks, including, among others, exposure to unknown liabilities, disruption of our business
and diversion of our management s time and attention in order to develop acquired products, product candidates, or technologies,
difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel, and
inability to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. The pursuit of such transactions could also create a distraction
for management and entail increased expenses in connection with the pursuit, evaluation, and negotiation of such transactions.
Further, such transactions could result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. Accordingly, although we may not choose to
undertake or may not be able to successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, the pursuit of such transactions,
and any transactions that we do complete, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition, and prospects.  

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of cyber-attacks or system failures.    

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our current and any future partners, contractors,
and consultants are vulnerable to damage from cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism,
war, and telecommunication and electrical failures. System failures, accidents, or security breaches could cause interruptions
in our operations, and could result in a material disruption of our commercialization activities, development programs and our
business operations, in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures of resources to remedy. The loss of clinical trial
data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase
our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of,
or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur
liability and the commercialization of any potential product candidate could be delayed or prevented.  

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As
a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business.    

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports,
our operating results could be misstated, our reputation may be harmed, and the trading price of our stock could be negatively
affected. Our controls over financial processes and reporting may not continue to be effective, or we may identify significant
deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls in the future. Any failure to remediate any significant deficiencies
or material weaknesses or to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,
could harm our operating results, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, or result in material misstatements in our
financial statements or other public disclosures. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in
our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock.  

Maintaining
compliance with our obligations as a public company may strain our resources and distract management, and if we do not remain
compliant our stock price may be adversely affected.    

We
are required to evaluate our internal control systems in order to allow management to report on our internal controls as required
by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and our management is required to attest to the adequacy of our internal controls.
The U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board and International Accounting Standards Board have been working together since 2002
to achieve convergence of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, and International Financial Reporting Standards,
or IFRS. As GAAP and IFRS converge into a single set of high quality standards, implementing the new standards could require us
to make adjustments to our previously reported financial statements and could require us to make significant investments in training,
hiring, consulting, and information technology, among other investments. All of these and other reporting requirements and heightened
corporate governance obligations that we face, or will face, will further increase the cost to us, perhaps substantially, of remaining
compliant with our obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) and other
applicable laws, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010.  

We
may not be able to realize value from, or otherwise preserve and utilize, our net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards.    

Significant
equity restructuring often results in an Internal Revenue Section 382 ownership change that limits the future use of net operating
loss (NOL) carryforwards and other tax attributes. The Company may have undergone such ownership changes, however, a Section 382
ownership change study has not been conducted; thus, our NOL carryforwards generated prior to the ownership change would be subject
to annual limitations, which could reduce, eliminate, or defer the utilization of these losses. Further, the recognition and measurement
of our NOL carryforwards may include estimates and judgments by our management, and the Internal Revenue Service has not audited
or otherwise validated the amount of our NOL carryforwards. Additionally, legislative changes could negatively impact our ability
to use any tax benefits associated with our NOL carryforwards. If we put in place limitations on ownership of our common stock
or adopt a shareholder rights plan to preserve our ability to use NOL carryforwards, this could deter potential buyers of our
common stock and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock.  

Our
licensed intellectual property may not provide us with sufficient rights and may not prevent competitors from pursuing similar
technology.    

We
have licensed certain technology and related assets that cover our current therapeutic methods. Patents for technology we have
licensed are still pending in certain jurisdictions, and the patent family will expire between 2025 and 2027. Method-of-use patents
protect the use of a product for the specified method. This type of patent does not prevent a competitor from making and marketing
a product that is identical to our product for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, even
if competitors do not actively promote their product for our targeted indications, physicians may prescribe these products off-label.
Although off-label prescriptions may infringe or contribute to the infringement of method-of-use patents, the practice is common
and such infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute.  

We
have entered into a cross-license agreement for certain electroporation technology with Inovio. Under the terms of the cross-license
agreement, Inovio granted to us a non-exclusive, worldwide license to certain electroporation patents held by Inovio. In exchange,
we granted to Inovio an exclusive license to our acquired technology in a limited field of use. While we do not currently substantially
rely on the intellectual property we have non-exclusively licensed from Inovio, our product candidates may, in the future, utilize
this intellectual property. This license is non-exclusive and Inovio may use its technology to compete with us. As there are no
restrictions on Inovio s ability to license their technology to others, Inovio could license to others, including our competitors,
the intellectual property rights covered by their license to us, including any of our improvements to the licensed intellectual
property. Either party may terminate the cross-license agreement with 30 days  notice; and, if either party were to terminate
the cross-license agreement, they would no longer have the right to use intellectual property that is subject to the cross license.  

We
may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to protection of our patent and other intellectual
property rights, and we may be unable to successfully protect our rights to our potential products and technology.    

If
we choose to go to court to stop a third party from using the inventions claimed by our patents, that third party may ask the
court to rule that the patents are invalid and/or should not be enforced. Even if we were successful in stopping the infringing
activity, these lawsuits are expensive and could consume time and other resources. In addition, the court could decide that our
patents are not valid and that we do not have the right to stop others from making, using, or selling the inventions claimed by
the patents.  

Additionally,
even if the validity of these patents is upheld, the court could refuse to stop a third party s infringing activity on the
ground that such activities do not infringe our patents. The U.S. Supreme Court has recently revised certain tests regarding granting
patents and assessing the validity of patents, making it more difficult to obtain patents. As a consequence, issued patents may
be found to contain invalid claims according to the newly revised standards. Some of our patents may be subject to challenge and
subsequent invalidation or significant narrowing of claim scope in a reexamination proceeding, or during litigation, under the
revised criteria.  

Third
parties may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights and may prevent us from manufacturing and selling some of our products.    

The
manufacture, use and sale of new products that are the subject of conflicting patent rights have been the subject of substantial
litigation in the biotechnology industry relating to the validity and infringement of patents or proprietary rights of third parties.
Litigation may be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and technical personnel. In addition,
if we infringe on the rights of others, we could lose our right to develop, manufacture, or market products or could be required
to pay monetary damages or royalties to license proprietary rights from third parties. Although the parties to patent and intellectual
property disputes in the biotechnology industry have often settled their disputes through licensing or similar arrangements, the
costs associated with these arrangements may be substantial and could include ongoing royalties. Furthermore, we cannot be certain
that the necessary licenses would be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. These risks may be amplified
by our size relative to many of our competitors. As a result, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding
or failure to obtain necessary licenses could prevent us from manufacturing and selling our products, and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.  

Our
common stock has low trading volume and the price of our common stock has been, and will likely continue to be, highly volatile.    

Trading
of our common stock is frequently highly volatile, with low trading volume. We have experienced, and are likely to continue experiencing,
significant fluctuations in the stock price and trading volume. There is no assurance that a sufficient market will develop in
our stock, in which case it could be difficult for stockholders to sell their stock. Furthermore, the volatility of our stock
price could negatively impact our ability to raise capital or acquire businesses or technologies.  

In
addition to the risks and uncertainties described in this section of this Annual Report, other factors affecting the trading price
and trading volume of our common stock may include:  

adverse
    research and development or clinical trial results;   

conducting
    open-ended clinical trials which could lead to results (success or setbacks) being obtained by the public prior to a formal
    announcement by us;   

our
    inability to obtain additional capital;   

announcement
    that the FDA denied our request to approve our products for commercialization in the United States, or similar denial by other
    regulatory bodies which make independent decisions outside the United States;   

potential
    negative market reaction to the terms or volume of any issuance of shares of our stock to new investors or service providers;   

sales
    of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the perception that substantial amounts of our common stock will be sold, by
    our stockholders in the public market;   

declining
    working capital to fund operations, or other signs of apparent financial uncertainty;   

significant
    advances made by competitors that adversely affect our potential market position; and   

the
    loss of key personnel and the inability to attract and retain additional highly-skilled personnel.   

If
we issue additional shares in the future, our existing stockholders will be diluted.    

Our
articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 160,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share.
In addition to capital raising activities, other possible business and financial uses for our authorized common stock include,
without limitation, future stock splits, acquiring other companies, businesses, or products in exchange for shares of common stock,
issuing shares of our common stock to partners in connection with strategic alliances, attracting and retaining employees by the
issuance of additional securities under our various equity compensation plans, or other transactions and corporate purposes that
our Board of Directors deems are in the Company s best interest. Additionally, shares of common stock could be used for
anti-takeover purposes or to delay or prevent changes in control or management of the Company. We cannot provide assurances that
any issuances of common stock will be consummated on favorable terms or at all, that they will enhance stockholder value, or that
they will not adversely affect our business or the trading price of our common stock. The issuance of any such shares will reduce
the book value per share and may contribute to a reduction in the market price of the outstanding shares of our common stock.
If we issue any such additional shares, such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of all current
stockholders. Further, such issuance may result in a change of control of our company.  

Sales
of common stock by our stockholders, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress our stock price.    

The
market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales by, or the perceived possibility of sales by, our existing
stockholders. Since March 2011, we have completed a number of offerings of our common stock and warrants. Future sales of common
stock by significant stockholders, including by those who acquired their shares in our prior offerings or who are affiliates,
or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress the price of our common stock.  

If
outstanding options and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock are exercised or outstanding restricted stock units vest
or settle, the interests of our stockholders could be diluted.    

Subsequent
to July 31, 2016 through the date of filing this Report, we have issued an aggregate of 1,105,593 shares of our common stock
related to the exercise of warrants. In addition, we have outstanding (i) options to purchase 3,507,671 shares of common stock,
(ii) warrants to purchase 11,903,693 shares of our common stock, including Series B Warrants to purchase 3,339,000 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, and (iii) 655,000 restricted stock units. In addition, we have as of October 7,
2016, 18,908 shares reserved for future issuance under our 2011 Stock Incentive Plan and 482,211 shares have been reserved for
future issuance under our 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The exercise of options and warrants, the vesting and settlement
of restricted stock units, the issuance of additional shares of common stock or other awards under our 2011 Stock Incentive Plan
and the sale of any resulting shares of our common stock in connection with the foregoing, could have an adverse effect on the
market for our common stock, including the price that an investor could obtain for their shares. Investors may experience dilution
in the net tangible book value of their investment upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants or the vesting of restricted
stock units granted under our stock option plans, and options,restricted stock units and warrants that may be granted or issued
in the future. In addition, in future periods, we may elect to reduce the exercise price of outstanding warrants as a means of
providing additional financing to us.  

If
our common stock is delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market or we are found noncompliant with Nasdaq regulations, our stock s
market price and liquidity could be negatively impacted.    

Our
listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market ( NASDAQ ) is contingent upon our meeting all the continued listing requirements.
If we are found noncompliant by NASDAQ, or if our common stock is delisted from NASDAQ, our stock price could be negatively impacted,
our stock s liquidity could be reduced, and our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited.  

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

None.  

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES   

Description
of Property   

On
December 31, 2014, we entered into a lease agreement for approximately 34,000 rentable square feet located at 5820 Nancy Ridge
Drive, San Diego, California to serve as our new corporate headquarters and research and development laboratory. The term of the
lease commenced on October 19, 2015, our move-in date, and expires 120 months after commencement. Base rent is at $2.65 per rentable
square feet, subject to a 3% rate increase on each annual anniversary of the first day of the first full month during the lease
term. We received a 12-month rent abatement for our first year of occupancy. In addition, we are required to share in certain
operating expenses and we delivered a security deposit of approximately $90,000 in conjunction with signing the lease. This lease
has not been sublet or renegotiated and we expect to have continued obligations under this lease for the duration of the lease
term.  

We
have also entered into lease arrangements for office space in San Jose, California to support our legal department and we have
lease arrangements for vivarium space to support our discovery research.  

We
believe our current facilities will be adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. Should we need additional
space, we currently do not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining any required additional facilities.  

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

In
the ordinary course of business, we may become a party to lawsuits involving various matters.   The
impact and outcome of litigation, if any, is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters
may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are not currently a party to any proceedings the adverse outcome of
which, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Trading
Information   

Our
common stock had been quoted on OTCQB under the symbol ONCS from April 8, 2011 through May 29, 2015.   On
May 18, 2015, the Company effected a reverse stock split, in which each 20 shares of issued and outstanding common stock were
combined into and became one share of common stock and no fractional shares were issued. On May 29, 2015, our common stock began
trading on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC s NASDAQ Capital Market tier, under the symbol ONCS.  

The
transfer agent for our common stock is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company, located at 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno,
Nevada 89501.  

The
following table sets forth the range of reported high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock for the fiscal quarters
indicated as reported on the NASDAQ and OTCQB. The quotations reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.  

*High
and low closing bid quotations have been adjusted for the 1:20 reverse stock split  

Our
common stock has low trading volume and any reported sale prices may not be a true market-based valuation of our common stock.  

As
of October 7, 2016, there were 33 holders of record of our common stock, not including stockholders whose shares are held  in
street name.   

Dividends   

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future
earnings, if any, to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future.  

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans   

The
information included under Item 12 of Part III of this report,  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters,  is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 5 of Part II of this report.  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and the related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. Except for
the historical information contained herein, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements which are subject to
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. We discuss such risks, uncertainties and other factors throughout this Report and
specifically under Item 1A of Part I of this Report,  Risk Factors.    

Company
Overview   

We
are a biotechnology company with a proprietary immunotherapy platform (ImmunoPulse ) designed to overcome tumor immune tolerance
through electroporation-based local delivery of immune-modulating therapeutic product candidates intended to treat a wide range
of tumor types. Our technology encompasses intellectual property relating to our immuno-oncology product portfolio which consists
of ImmunoPulse  delivery technology (an electroporation delivery device) that we use in combination with our potential therapeutic
product candidates, including DNA plasmids that encode for immunologically active agents, to deliver the therapeutic directly
into the tumor and promote an inflammatory response against the cancer. This unique therapeutic modality is intended to reverse
the immunosuppressive microenvironment in the tumor and engender a systemic anti-tumor response against untreated tumors in other
parts of the body. Our electroporation delivery device consists of an electrical pulse generator and disposable applicators, which
can be adapted to treat different tumor types and our lead product candidate, ImmunoPulse  IL-12, is ideal for combination
with other therapies, such as anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapies.  

ImmunoPulse 
IL-12, consists of a plasmid construct encoding the proinflammatory cytokine IL-12, that is delivered into the tumor through in
vivo electroporation, which enhances local delivery and uptake of the therapeutic directly into the tumor. We have completed two
Phase 2 studies, OMS-I100 in metastatic melanoma and OMS-I110 in Merkel Cell Carcinoma ( MCC ). The OMS-I100 clinical
study demonstrated that multiple treatments of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 were safe and well tolerated, with no treatment-limiting
toxicities. This lack of evidence of systematic toxicities led to the OMS-I100 Addendum study, in which the OMS-I100 protocol
was amended to enroll up to an additional 30 patients in order to continue to acquire clinical and immune correlational data.
Enrolllment in OMS-I100 Addendum is complete. The data from the OMS-I100 metastatic melanoma clinical trial suggest that
ImmunoPulse  IL-12 may prime and enhance response rates to PD-1/PD-L1 blockade and exploratory biomarker analyses from the
OMS-I110 MCC clinical trial showed a trend toward increased intratumoral expression of a variety of genes associated with inflammation,
which we believe promotes tumor immunogenicity.  

The
safety and efficacy of intratumoral electroporation with plasmid IL-12 is also being tested in other cancer indications. We have
an ongoing pilot study, OMS-I140 in triple negative breast cancer ( TNBC ), which is designed to assess whether ImmunoPulse 
IL-12 increases TNBC tumor immunogenicity through increases in cytotoxic tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes ( TILs ).
This study is open for enrollment and ongoing. We also have a Phase 2 clinical study in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
( HNSCC ) in which one patient continues to receive treatment; otherwise the HNSCC clinical trial is no longer enrolling
patients.  

In
addition to studying ImmunoPulse  IL-12 as monotherapy, in collaboration with the University of California, San
Francisco, (the sponsor of the study) we are investigating the safety and efficacy of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 in combination
therapy. CC-15852 is an open label Phase 2 clinical trial of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 plus KEYTRUDA 
( pembrolizumab ) in patients with  low TIL , advanced, metastatic melanoma ( combination
IST ). This investigator-initated study is enrolling and ongoing.  

We
began our operations as a biotechnology company in March 2011, following our completion of the acquisition of certain technology
and related assets from Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Inovio ) pursuant to an asset purchase agreement dated March
14, 2011.   On May 18, 2015, we effected a reverse stock split,
pursuant to which each 20 shares of issues and outstanding common stock were combined into and became one share of common stock.
The accompanying financial statements and related disclosures give retroactive effect to the reverse stock split for the periods
presented related to our fiscal period ended July 31, 2015. On May 29, 2015, our common stock began trading on The NASDAQ Stock
Market LLC s NASDAQ Capital Market tier, under the symbol ONCS. Prior to operating as a biotechnology company, we were incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada on February 8, 2008 under the name of Netventory Solutions, Inc.  

Recent
Equity Financings   

May
2016 Registered Direct Offering   

On
May 26, 2016 our stock price closed at $1.62 and we closed an  at-the-market registered direct offering  (the  May
2016 Offering ) with a single healthcare-dedicated institutional fund for the purchase of (i) 665,049 shares of our common
stock, (ii) Series B Warrants to purchase 4,844,593 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.01, and (iii) Series
A Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,509,642 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.69 per share with a term
of nine (9) years. The warrants are immediately exercisable on the date of issuance. At the closing, the placement agents were
also issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to five percent (5%) of the aggregate number of shares of common stock and
Series B Warrants sold in this offering, or 275,482 shares. The placement agent warrants have an exercise price of $2.26875, are
immediately exercisable, and expire on May 24, 2021. The investor paid a purchase price of $1.815 per share of common stock and
an accompanying Series A Warrant to purchase one share of common stock and $1.805 per Series B Warrant and accompanying Series
A warrant to purchase one share of our common stock. The gross proceeds of the offering were $9.9 million. Net proceeds, after
deducting the placement agent s fee, financial advisory fees, and other estimated offering expenses payable by us, were
approximately $9.2 million. We intend to use proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including clinical trial
expenses and research and development expenses.  

November
2015 Public Offering   

On
November 9, 2015, we closed a registered direct offering of an aggregate of 2,142,860 shares of our common stock at a purchase
price of $3.50 per share and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,071,430 shares of our common stock (the  November 2015
Offering ). The warrants have an exercise price of $4.50 per share, are exercisable on May 9, 2016 and expire on May 9,
2021. The gross proceeds to us from the November 2015 Offering was approximately $7.5 million. After deducting for fees and expenses,
the aggregate net proceeds from the sale of the common stock in the November 2015 Public Offering were approximately $6.9 million.
In connection with the November 2015 Offering, we paid placement agent fees consisting of (i) a cash fee equal to six percent
(6%) of the gross proceeds of the offering, as well as a non-accountable expense allowance equal to one percent (1%) of the gross
proceeds, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of five percent (5%) of the aggregate number of shares of common stock
sold in the offering, or 107,143 shares of our common stock. The warrants issued to the placement agent are exercisable at an
exercise price of $4.375 per share, have a term of five (5) years became exercisable on May 9, 2016, and expire on November 9,
2020.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Accounting
for Long-Lived Assets / Intangible Assets   

We
assess the impairment of long-lived assets, consisting of property and equipment, and finite-lived intangible assets, whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carry value may not be recoverable. Examples of such circumstances include: (1) loss
of legal ownership or title to an asset; (2) significant changes in our strategic business objectives and utilization of the assets;
and (3) the impact of significant negative industry or economic trends. If a change were to occur in any of the above-mentioned
factors the likelihood of a material change in our net loss would increase.  

Recoverability
of assets to be held and used in operations is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future net cash
flows expected to be generated by the assets. The factors used to evaluate the future net cash flows, while reasonable, require
a high degree of judgment and the results could vary if the actual results are materially different than the forecasts. In addition,
we base useful lives and amortization or depreciation expense on our subjective estimate of the period that the assets will generate
revenue or otherwise be used by us. If such assets are considered impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the
amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported
at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less selling costs.  

Stock-Based
Compensation   

We
grant equity-based awards under our share-based compensation plan and outside of our stock-based compensation plan. We estimate
the fair value of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This fair value is then amortized over the
requisite service periods of the awards. The Black-Scholes option valuation model requires the input of subjective assumptions,
including price volatility of the underlying stock, risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, and expected life of the option.
We estimate the fair value of restricted stock unit awards based on the closing price of our common stock at the date of grant.
Stock-based compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, and therefore is reduced by forfeitures. Changes
in assumptions used under the Black-Scholes option valuation model could materially affect our net loss and net loss per share.  

We
have issued equity for services or as consideration within contractual agreements. Stock-based compensation expense related to
such equity issuances are based on the closing price of our stock on the date the liability is incurred, with the stock-based
compensation adjusted on the date of issuance, based on our stock price on the issuance date.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Information
regarding recent accounting pronouncements is contained in Note 2 to the Financial Statements, included elsewhere in this report.  

Results
of Operations   

Comparison
of Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2016 and 2015    

The
audited financial data for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and the audited financial data for the fiscal year ended July 31,
2015 are presented in the following table and the results of these two periods are used in the discussion thereafter.  

Research
and Development Expenses   

Our
research and development expenses primarily include expenses related to the development of our therapeutic product candidates,
the advancement of electroporation technologies and discovery research for our product pipeline. These expenses also include certain
clinical study expenses, intellectual property prosecution and maintenance costs, and quality assurance expenses. The expenses
primarily consisted of salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation costs, outside design and consulting services, laboratory
supplies, contract research organization expenses and clinical study supplies. We expense all research and development costs in
the periods in which they are incurred.  

During
our fiscal year ending July 31, 2016 ( Fiscal 2016 ), of the $14.7 million of research and development expenses, we
incurred (exclusive of personnel costs), engineering costs of approximately $2.8 million, clinical costs of approximately $3.1
million and discovery research costs of approximately $3.8 million.  

The
approximately $1.6 million increase in research and development expenses for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 as compared to
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015 ( Fiscal 2015 ) was primarily the result of (i) increased clinical trial expenses
of $1.2 million due to (a) the progression of our melanoma extension study which has completed enrollment and (b) progression
of the combination IST which continues to enroll patients and is on-going, (ii) increased outside services expenses of approximately
$0.9 million related to sponsored research, clinical development consulting and engineering consulting to assist in the research
of novel electroporation technologies, combination studies and to facilitate the planning and development of our next generation
electroporation device and (iii) increased expenses of approximately $0.9 million related to facility costs as we relocated our
labs to our new corporate headquarters, offset by (i) a reduction in intangibles amortization of approximately $0.5 million due
to our patents being fully amortized, (ii) a decrease of approximately $0.5 million in engineering and discovery research supplies
spend due to moving our labs and refocusing our discovery research priorities, (iii) a decrease of approximately $0.3 million
in salary-related costs and (iv) a reduction of $0.1 million in fees and licenses primarily related to patent acquisition. We
expect research and development to continue to account for a significant portion of our total expenses in the future as we continue
to to develop our product pipeline.  

We
expect to use our current funds for the advancement of our clinical and R D milestones. We anticipate our spending on clinical
trials and CMC to increase as we continue to define and execute our registration pathway for metastatic melanoma and we anticipate
our spending on discovery research and next-generation electroporation technologies to increase as we further pursue novel immuno-therapies
and future product candidates.  

General
and Administrative   

Our
general and administrative expenses include expenses related to our executive, accounting and finance, compliance, information
technology, legal, facilities, human resource, administrative and corporate communications activities. These expenses consist
primarily of salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation costs, independent auditor costs, legal fees, consultants, travel, insurance,
and public company expenses, such as stock transfer agent fees and listing fees in connection with obtaining our listing on the
NASDAQ Capital Market.  

The
approximately $4.0 million increase in general and administrative expenses for Fiscal 2016, as compared to Fiscal 2015, was primarily
the result of (i) an increase in salary-related costs of $0.4 million due to hiring additional personnel to support the growth
of operations and non-cash stock-based compensation expense of approximately $3.5 million due to the issuance of restricted stock
units and stock option grants to senior management and the Board, (ii) an increase of $0.4 million in overall operational expenses
primarily consisting of rent, insurance and internet costs, and (iii) a $0.2 million increase in our audit costs primarily related
to internal controls attestation, offset by (i) a decrease of approximately $0.3 million in outside services related primarily
to corporate communications and corporate development due to performing these functions in-house, and (ii) a decrease of $0.2
million in conference fees.  

We
expect to use our current funds to support our corporate infrastructure. We anticipate our corporate headquarters  facility costs
to increase based on the terms of our long-term lease agreement and we expect our investor and public relations spend to
increase as we continue to grow our institutional shareholder base and keep our shareholders informed.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Our
primary uses of cash have been to finance research and development activities focused on the discovery, the design and the development
of innovative and proprietary medical approaches for the treatment of cancer and to strengthen our corporate infrastructure to
enable commercialization of potential product candidates.  

Working
Capital   

Our
working capital as of July 31, 2016 and 2015 is summarized as follows:  

Current
Assets   

Current
assets as of July 31, 2016 decreased to approximately $29.4 million from approximately $33.6 million as of July 31, 2015. This
decrease was primarily due to the use of cash to fund operations during Fiscal 2016, net of the proceeds received from the November
2015 and May 2016 Public Offerings.  

Current
Liabilities   

Current
liabilities as of July 31, 2016 increased to approximately $3.5 million from approximately $2.9 million as of July 31, 2015. This
increase was primarily due to an increase in accrued liabilities which was primarily a result of increased enrollment in our melanoma
extension and our combination IST clinical trials.  

Cash
Flow   

Cash
Flow Used in Operating Activities   

Net
cash used in operating activities for Fiscal 2016 was approximately $17.8 million, as compared to approximately $17.7 million
for Fiscal 2015. Operating activities encompassing research and development and general and administration efforts generated a
net loss of $26.9 million, which included non-cash expenses (stock-based compensation and depreciation) and changes in working
capital due to the timing of payment of liabilities and the utilization of prepaid assets. Overall our operational cash use increased
approximately by $0.1 million from the same period in Fiscal 2015 primarily due to increased facilities costs.  

Cash
Flow Used in Investing Activities   

Net
cash used in investing activities for Fiscal 2016 was approximately $1.6 million, as compared to approximately $1.4 million for
Fiscal 2015. Investing activities resulted in cash outflows for leashold improvements of $0.1 million and the purchase of property
and equipment of $1.5 million. Overall our   investing cash use
increased by approximately $0.2 million from the same period in Fiscal 2015 primarily due to the acquisition of property and equipment
for our new corporate headquarters and lab facility.  

Cash
Flow Provided by Financing Activities   

Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately $16.1 million for Fiscal 2016, as compared to approximately $13.3 million
for Fiscal 2015. The net cash provided by financing activities primarily related to the sale of common stock and warrants from
our November 2015 Offering and May 2016 Offering. Overall cash provided by financing activities increased approximately $2.8 million
due to the net proceeds received from our November 2015 Offering and May 2016 Offering were greater than the net proceeds received
from the financing in Fiscal 2015.  

Cash
Requirements   

Our
primary objectives for the next twelve-month period are to   continue
the advancement of our operational milestones, which includes developing a registration pathway for metastatic melanoma (ImmunoPulse 
IL-12 in combination with anti-PD-1/PD-Ll), expanding our product pipeline and advancing our device gene electro-transfer technologies
for immunotherapy. We will also continuously search for industry experts to expand our management team and further strengthen
our company. In addition, we expect to pursue raising sufficient capital to fund our operations and to acquire and develop additional
assets and technology consistent with our business objectives.  

We
currently estimate our operating expenses and working capital requirements for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017 ( Fiscal
2017 ) to be approximately $22.3 million, although we may modify or deviate from our estimates and it is likely that our
actual results for certain categories of operating expenses and working capital requirements will vary from the estimates as set
forth in the table below (in millions).  

As
of July 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $29 million. We expect these funds to be sufficient to allow
us to continue to operate our business for at least the next 12 months.  

During
Fiscal 2016, we received a minimal amount of cash related to the exercise of warrants. If the holders of our Series A Warrants
and Series B Warrants were to exercise all of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants in full on a cash basis, we would receive
an aggregate of approximately $9.4 million in proceeds. If the holders of all of our other outstanding warrants to purchase our
common stock were to exercise their remaining outstanding warrants in full on a cash basis, we would receive an aggregate of approximately
$25.1 million in proceeds. However, the warrant holders may choose not to exercise any of the warrants they hold, may choose to
net exercise their warrants as provided in such warrants under certain limited circumstances, or may choose to exercise only a
portion of the warrants issued. As a result, we may never receive proceeds from the exercise of such warrants.  

Since
the inception of our current business in March 2011, we have funded our operations primarily through equity financings, and we
expect to continue to pursue capital-raising transactions in future periods. If we obtain additional financing by issuing equity
securities or convertible debt, our existing stockholders  ownership will be diluted. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming
those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments and may subject us to financial covenants
and other restrictions applicable to our business. We may be unable to maintain operations at a level sufficient for investors
to obtain a return on their investments in our common stock. Further, we may continue to be unprofitable.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures,
or capital resources that is material to stockholders.  

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK   

We
are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily from our certificate of deposit and cash held in interest bearing U.S. savings
accounts. Accordingly, we believe that we are not subject to any material risks arising from changes in interest rates or foreign
currency exchange rates.  

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

The
information required by this Item 8 is incorporated by reference to our Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements
and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm beginning at page F-1 of this report.  

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

None.  

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange
Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.   In
addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that
management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their
costs.  

As
required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31,
2016. Based on the foregoing evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of
July 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for our company. With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016.
Management used the criteria set forth in the report entitled   Internal Control   Integrated Framework  
published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) to evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. Management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of July 31, 2016, based on those criteria.  

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

None  

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION   

None  

PART
III   

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

The
information required by this Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, to be filed pursuant
to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.  

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

The
information required by this Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, to be filed pursuant
to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.  

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   

The
information required by this Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, to be filed pursuant
to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.  

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   

Director
independence and other information required by this Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement,
to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.  

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   

The
information required by this Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement, to be filed pursuant
to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.  

PART
IV   

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

(a)(1)   Financial Statements  

1.
The following financial statements of OncoSec Medical Incorporated are filed as part of this report under Item 8   Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data:  

2.
Financial Statement Schedules  

These
schedules are omitted because they are not required, or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial
statements or notes thereto.  

3.
Exhibits  

The
Exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index, which appears immediately following the signature page and is incorporated herein by reference,
are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

ONCOSEC
    MEDICAL INCORPORATED   

By:  
       /s/
    Punit Dhillon    
 
      Date:
    October 13, 2016  
         
      Punit
    Dhillon   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer    

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

SIGNATURE   
         
       TITLE   
         
       DATE    

President,
    Chief Executive Officer and Director  

/s/
    Punit Dhillon   
         
      ( Principal
    Executive Officer )  
         
      October
    13, 2016   
 
      Punit
    Dhillon  

Chief
    Financial Officer  

/s/
    Richard Slansky   
         
      ( Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer )  
         
      October
    13, 2016   
 
      Richard
    Slansky  

/s/
    James DeMesa   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    13, 2016   
 
      Dr.
    James DeMesa  

/s/
    Avtar Dhillon   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    13, 2016   
 
      Dr.
    Avtar Dhillon  

/s/
    Anthony Maida, III   
         
      Director  
         
      October
    13, 2016   
 
      Dr.
    Anthony Maida, III  

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders  

OncoSec
Medical Incorporated  

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of OncoSec Medical Incorporated (the  Company ) as of July 31, 2016 and
2015, and the related statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year
period ended July 31, 2016, and the related notes to the financial statements. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of OncoSec
Medical Incorporated as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years
in the two year period ended July 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.  

OncoSec
Medical Incorporated   

Balance
Sheets   

(1)
See Note 1,  Reverse Stock Split   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

OncoSec
Medical Incorporated   

Statements
of Operations    

(1)
See Note 1,  Reverse Stock Split   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

OncoSec
Medical Incorporated   

Statements
of Stockholders  Equity    

(1)
See Note 1,  Reverse Stock Split   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

OncoSec
Medical Incorporated   

Statements
of Cash Flows    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Note
1 Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation   

OncoSec
Medical Incorporated (the  Company ) began its operations as a biotechnology company in March 2011, following its
completion of the acquisition of certain technology and related assets from Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Inovio )
pursuant to an asset purchase agreement dated March 14, 2011. The Company has not produced any revenues, nor has it commenced
planned principal operations. The Company s technology includes intellectual property relating to certain delivery technologies
including ImmunoPulse , an electroporation delivery device that is used in combination with the Company s therapeutic
product candidates, including DNA plasmids that encode for immunologically active agents, to deliver the therapeutic directly
into the tumor and promote an inflammatory response against the cancer. The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on
February 8, 2008 under the name of Netventory Solutions, Inc. and changed its name in March 2011 when it began operating as a
biotechnology company.  

The
Company s core technology the ImmunoPulse  platform   is
a unique therapeutic modality intended to reverse the immunosuppressive microenvironment in the tumor and engender a systemic
anti-tumor response against untreated tumors in other parts of the body. The Company s lead product candidate, ImmunoPulse 
IL-12, consists of a proprietary electroporation delivery device (an electrical pulse generator and disposable applicators) and
DNA-encoded interleukin-12 ( IL-12 ) which can be adapted to treat different tumor types and can be used in combination
with anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapies to drive tumor infiltrating lymphocytes and stimulate anti-cancer immune activity.  

The
Company recently completed enrollment in a Phase 2 clinical trial of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 in patients with metastatic melanoma
and is in collaboration with the University of California, San Francisco ( UCSF ), in which UCSF is the sponsor of
a Phase 2 clinical trial of ImmunoPulse  IL-12 plus pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA ) in patients with advanced, metastatic melanoma.
In addition, the Company has a biomarker-focused pilot study in triple negative breast cancer open for enrollment.   The
Company s research and development activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including potentially
failing to secure additional funding to continue the advancement of its product candidates, obtain FDA approval to market and
sell one or more of its product candidates and commercialize its product candidates before similar or competing technology is
developed by competitors.  

On
October 28, 2014, OncoSec Medical Therapeutics Incorporated which was incorporated in Delaware on July 2, 2010 and acquired on
June 3, 2011 for a total purchase price of $1,000, was dissolved. There were no significant transactions related to this subsidiary
since its inception. The Company currently has no subsidiaries.  

Reclassifications   

Certain
amounts in the balance sheet for the year ended July 31, 2015 and the statement of cash flows for the twelve-month period ended
July 31, 2015 have been reclassified to conform the presentation of other long-term liabilities to the presentation at July 31,
2016.  

Reverse
Stock Split   

Effective
May 18, 2015, the Company implemented a reverse stock split pursuant to which each 20 shares of issued and outstanding common
stock held by each stockholder were combined into and became one share of common stock, with such resulting shares rounded up
to the next whole share. No fractional shares were issued. All options, warrants and other convertible securities outstanding
immediately prior to the reverse split were adjusted by dividing the number of shares of common stock into which the options,
warrants and other convertible securities are exercisable or convertible by 20 and multiplying the exercise or conversion price
by 20, all in accordance with the terms of the agreements governing such options, warrants and other convertible securities. The
accompanying financial statement data for the annual prior periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects
of the reverse stock split.  

On
May 29, 2015, the Company s common stock began trading on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC s NASDAQ Capital Market tier,
under the symbol  ONCS .  

Note
2 Significant Accounting Policies   

Segment
Reporting   

The
Company operates in a single industry segment   the discovery and development of novel immunotherapeutic product candidates
to improve treatment options for patients and physicians, intended to treat a wide range of oncology indications.  

Concentrations
and Credit Risk   

The
Company maintains cash balances at a small number of financial institutions, where such balances commonly exceed the $250,000
amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and management
believes that the Company does not have significant credit risk with respect to such cash and cash equivalents.  

Financial
Instruments   

The
carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value
due to their short-term nature, generally less than three months. It is management s opinion that the Company is not exposed
to significant interest, currency, or credit risks arising from its other financial instruments and that their fair values approximate
their carrying values except where separately disclosed.  

Warrants   

The
Company accounts for its warrants as either equity or liabilities based upon the characteristics and provisions of each instrument.
Warrants classified as equity are recorded at fair value as of the date of issuance on the Company s balance sheet and no
further adjustments to their valuation are made. Warrants classified as derivative liabilities and other derivative financial
instruments that require separate accounting as liabilities are recorded on the Company s balance sheet at their fair value
on the date of issuance and will be revalued on each subsequent balance sheet date until such instruments are exercised or expire,
with any changes in the fair value between reporting periods recorded as other income or expense. Management estimates the fair
value of these liabilities using option pricing models and assumptions that are based on the individual characteristics of the
warrants or instruments on the valuation date, as well as assumptions for future financings, expected volatility, expected life,
yield, and risk-free interest rate.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect   the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Such estimates include stock-based compensation and accounting
for income taxes including the related valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset and uncertain tax positions. The Company
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. On an ongoing basis, the Company reviews its estimates to ensure that these estimates appropriately
reflect changes in the business or as new information becomes available. Actual results could differ materially from the estimates.  

Intangible
Assets   

In
accordance with the provisions of the applicable authoritative guidance, the Company s long-lived assets and amortizable
intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may
not be recoverable. The Company assesses the recoverability of such assets by determining whether their carrying value can be
recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows, including its estimates of revenue driven by assumed market segment
share and estimated costs. If impairment is indicated, the Company measures the amount of such impairment by comparing the fair
value to the carrying value. As of July 31, 2015, the Company recognized $0.4 million of amortization in its statement of operations
related to the intangible assets acquired from Inovio under the asset purchase agreement dated March 14, 2011. While these assets
are fully depreciated, during the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, no impairment was recorded.  

Property
and Equipment   

Our capitalization
threshold is $5,000 for property and equipment.  The cost of property
and equipment is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. The useful lives
of property and equipment for the purpose of computing depreciation are:  

Computers
    and Equipment   
         
      3
    to 10 years   
 
      Computer
    Software   
         
      1
    to 3 years   
 
      Leasehold
    Improvements   
         
      Shorter
    of lease period or useful life   

Net
Loss Per Share   

The
Company computes basic net loss per common share by dividing the applicable net loss by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the respective period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period, plus the dilutive effect of potential future issuances of common stock relating to stock
options and other potentially dilutive securities using the treasury stock method. In calculating diluted earnings per share,
the dilutive effect of stock options is computed using the average market price for the respective period. In addition, the assumed
proceeds under the treasury stock method include the average unrecognized compensation expense of stock options that are in-the-money.
This results in the  assumed  buyback of additional shares, thereby reducing the dilutive impact of stock options.
The Company did not include shares underlying stock options and warrants issued and outstanding during any of the periods presented
in the computation of net loss per share, as the effect would have been anti-dilutive.  

Potentially
dilutive outstanding securities excluded from diluted net loss per common share because of their anti-dilutive effect:  

Stock-based
Compensation   

The
Company grants equity-based awards (typically stock options or restricted stock units) under our stock-based compensation plan
and outside of our stock-based compensation plan, with terms generally similar to the terms under our stock-based compensation
plan. The Company estimates the fair value of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This fair value
is then amortized over the requisite service periods of the awards. The Black-Scholes option valuation model requires the input
of subjective assumptions, including price volatility of the underlying stock, risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, and expected
life of the option. The Company estimates the fair value of restricted stock unit awards based on the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the date of issuance. Stock-based compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, and therefore
is reduced by forfeitures. Changes in assumptions used under the Black-Scholes option valuation model could materially affect
the Company s net loss and net loss per share. Stock options granted to non-employees are revalued monthly until fully vested,
with any change in fair value expensed.  

The
Company has issued equity for services or as consideration within contractual agreements. Stock-based compensation expense related
to such equity issuances are based on the closing price of the Company s stock on the date the liability is incurred, with
the stock-based compensation adjusted on the date of issuance, based on the Company s stock price on the issuance date.  

Employee
Stock Purchase Program   

Pursuant
to the Company s December 2015 Annual Shareholders Meeting, the Company s shareholders approved the Company s
2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (or, 2015 ESPP). The 2015 ESPP provides an incentive to attract, retain and reward eligible
employees to contribute to the growth and profitability of the Company through the opportunity to acquire Company stock at a discount.
The ESPP allows for the purchase of Company stock at not less than 85% of the lesser of (a) the fair market value of a share of
stock on the beginning date of the offering period or (b) the fair market value of a share of stock on the purchase date of the
offering period, subject to a share and dollar limit as defined in the 2015 ESPP and subject to the requirements of IRS code section
423. The first 2015 ESPP offering period commenced on February 7, 2016 and lasted approximately six (6) months, with the first
purchase date on July 31, 2016.  

Under
FASB ASC 718 Compensation  Stock Compensation, the Company s 2015 ESPP would be considered a Type B plan because the
number of shares a participant is permitted to purchase is not fixed based on the stock price at the beginning of the offering
period and the expected withholdings. The 2015 ESPP enables the participant to  buy-up  to the plan s share
limit, if the stock price is lower on the purchase date.  

Because
the 2015 ESPP is considered a Type B plan, the fair value of the award would be calculated at the beginning of the offering period
as the sum of:  

15%
of the share price of a nonvested share at the beginning of the offering period,  

  85%
of the fair market value of a six (6)-month call on the nonvested share aforementioned, and  

  15%
of the fair market value of a six (6)-month put on the nonvested share aforementioned.  

The
fair market value of the 6-month call and 6-month put are based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model, using the following
assumptions: six (6) month maturity, 0.45% risk free interest, 81.06% volatility, 0% forfeitures and $0 dividends. Approximately
$16,000 was recorded as stock-based compensation during the year end period ended July 31, 2016.  

Comprehensive
Income (Loss)   

Comprehensive
income or loss includes all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. The
Company did not have any items of comprehensive income or loss other than net loss from operations for the years ended July 31,
2016 and 2015.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Recent
pronouncements that are not anticipated to have an impact on or are unrelated to the Company s financial condition, results
of operations, or related disclosures are not discussed.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , which is intended to define management s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern
and to provide related footnote disclosures. This ASU provides guidance to an organization s management, with principles
and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures that are commonly provided by organizations
today in the financial statement footnotes. The amendments are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and
interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted for annual or interim
reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been issued. The Company does not intend to early adopt
this standard. The adoption of this standard will not have an impact on the financial condition of the Company.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued new lease accounting guidance in Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). Under
the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement
date (1) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted
basis; and (2) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of,
a specified asset for the lease term. Lessor accounting, however, remains largely unchanged. In addition, the new lease guidance
simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease
liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. The new lease guidance is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is
permitted, however, the Company does not intend to early adopt. The Company believes that adoption of this new guidance will not
have a material impact on the Company s financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting. The amendments cover both public and private companies that issue share-based payment awards to their employees.
Under the amendment several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a)
income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement
of cash flows. For public companies, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those annual periods. Early application is permitted, however, the Company does not intend to early adopt and the
Company does not believe that adoption of these clarifying amendments will have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements.  

In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or, FASB) issued new cash flow statement guidance in Accounting Standards
Update (or, ASU) No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flow (Topic 230): Clarification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The
new guidance specifically addresses diversity of presentation and classification with regard to:  

Debt
    Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs;   

Settlement
    of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to
    the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing;    

Contingent
    Consideration Payments Made after a Business Combination;   

Proceeds
    from the Settlement of Insurance Claims;   

Proceeds
    from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned;   

Life
    Insurance Policies;   

Distributions
    Received from Equity Method Investees;   

Beneficial
    Interests in Securitization Transactions; and    

Separately
    Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance Principle.   

The
amendments are effective for fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years and amendments
should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. However, prospective application as of the
earliest practicable date is permitted for some issues. Early adoption is permitted, however, the Company does not intend to early
adopt. The Company also believes that adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements.  

Note
3 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Liquidity   

The
Company considers all liquid investments with maturities of ninety days or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. As of July
31, 2016 and July 31, 2015, cash and cash equivalents were principally comprised of cash in savings and checking accounts.  

The
Company s activities to date have been supported primarily by equity financing. It has sustained losses in previous reporting
periods with an inception to date loss of $73.5 million as of July 31, 2016.  

As
of July 31, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $28.7 million.   The
Company believes its cash resources are sufficient to meet its anticipated needs during the next twelve months. The Company will
require additional financing to fund its future planned operations, including research and development and clinical trials and
commercialization potential product candidates. In addition, the Company will require additional financing in order to seek to
license or acquire new assets, research and develop any potential patents and the related compounds, and obtain any further intellectual
property that the Company may seek to acquire. Additional financing may not be available to the Company when needed or, if available,
it may not be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If the Company is not able to obtain the necessary additional financing
on a timely basis, the Company will be forced to delay or scale down some or all of its development activities or perhaps even
cease the operation of its business. Historically, the Company has funded its operations primarily through equity financings and
it expects that it will continue to fund its operations through equity and debt financing. If the Company raises additional financing
by issuing equity securities, its existing stockholders  ownership will be diluted. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming
those loans would be available, will increase the Company s liabilities and future cash commitments. The Company also expects
to pursue non-dilutive financing sources. However, obtaining such financing would require significant efforts by the Company s
management team, and such financing may not be available, and if available, could take a long period of time to obtain.  

Note
4     Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

Financial
assets and liabilities are measured at fair value, which is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset
or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The following is a fair value hierarchy based
on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure
fair value:  

Level 1  
    Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2  
    Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or
    liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
    market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.   

Level 3  
    Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets
    or liabilities.   

At
July 31, 2016 and 2015 approximately $90,000 was recorded in other long-term assets relating to a long-term certificate of deposit,
which is classified within Level 1.  

Note
5 Balance Sheet Details   

Property
and Equipment   

Property
and equipment, net, is comprised of the following:  

Depreciation
expense recorded for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $356,000 and $200,000, respectively.  
During the year ended July 31, 2016, leasehold improvements related to the Company s former corporate headquarters
of approximately $112,000 were written off upon moving to the new corporate headquarters.  

Accounts
Payable and Accrued Liabilities   

Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities are comprised of the following:  

Accrued
Compensation   

Accrued
compensation is comprised of the following:  

Separation
costs relate to agreements with certain of the Company s former executive officers see Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies
for further information.  

Other
Long-Term Liabilities   

Other
long-term liabilities are comprised of the following:  

At
July 31, 2016, deferred rent is primarily comprised of the Company s rent liability on its new Corporate headquarters (or,
Nancy Ridge), whereas in the prior year ended period deferred rent was primarily comprised of the Company s rent liability
on its previous corporate headquarters (or, Summers Ridge). (See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies for more information on
the Nancy Ridge lease.) The Company terminated its Summers Ridge lease early and has no further obligations on that lease as of
July 31, 2016.  

Note
6 Common Stock Transactions   

May
2016 Registered Direct Offering   

On
May 26, 2016 the Company s stock price closed at $1.62 and the Company closed an  at-the-market registered direct
offering  (or, May 2016 Offering) with a single healthcare-dedicated institutional fund for the purchase of (i) 665,049
shares of common stock, (ii) Series B Warrants to purchase 4,844,593 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.01, and
(iii) Series A Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,509,642 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.69 per share
with a term of nine (9) years. The investor paid a purchase price of $1.815 per share of common stock and an accompanying Series
A Warrant to purchase one share of common stock and $1.805 per Series B Warrant and accompanying Series A warrant to purchase
one share of common stock. The Series B warrants were issued to prevent the beneficial ownership of the purchaser (together with
its affiliates and certain related parties) of the Company s common stock from exceeding 4.99%. The Series B warrants expire
upon their exercise in full. Both the Series A and Series B warrants are immediately exercisable on the date of issuance.   The
fair value of the Series A and Series B warrants issued to the purchaser in connection with the May 2016 registered direct offering,
based on their fair value relative to the common stock issued, was $4.4 million (based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model
assuming no dividend yield, a 9 year life, volatility of 100.03%, and a risk-free interest rate of 1.74%), of which $48,446 of
the relative fair market value was ascribed to the Series B warrants, based on the number of warrants issued at its exercise price
of $0.01 per share. The Company completed an evaluation of the Series A and Series B warrants issued to the purchaser and determined
that the Series A and Series B warrants should be classified as equity within the balance sheet.  

At
the closing of the May 2016 Offering, the placement agents were also issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to five percent
(5%) of the aggregate number of shares of common stock and Series B warrants sold in this offering, or 275,482 shares. The placement
agent warrants have an exercise price of $2.26875, are immediately exercisable and expire on May 24, 2021. The fair value of the
placement agent warrants was $0.3 million (based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model assuming no dividend yield, a 5 year
life, volatility of 94.36%, and a risk-free interest rate of 1.38%). The Company completed an evaluation of these warrants and
determined the warrants should be classified as equity within the balance sheet.  

The
gross proceeds of the offering were $9.9 million. Net proceeds, after deducting the placement agent s fee, financial advisory
fees, and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately $9.2 million. The Company intends to use
proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including clinical trial expenses and research and development expenses.  

November
2015 Public Offering   

On
November 9, 2015, the Company closed a public offering of an aggregate of 2,142,860 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 1,071,430 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $3.50 per unit. Each purchaser was issued a warrant to
purchase up to that number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to 50% of the shares issued to such purchaser.
The warrants to the purchasers have an exercise price of $4.50 per share, became exercisable six months after issuance, and expire
on May 9, 2021. The fair value of the warrants to the purchasers, based on their fair value relative to the common stock issued,
was approximately $1.6 million (based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model assuming no dividend yield, a 5.05 year life,
volatility of 88.63%, and a risk-free interest rate of 1.75%). The Company completed an evaluation of these warrants and determined
the warrants should be classified as equity within the balance sheet.  

The
Company agreed to pay an aggregate cash fee for placement agent and financial advisory services equal to six percent (6%) of the
gross proceeds of the November 2015 public offering, as well as a non-accountable expense allowance equal to one percent (1%)
of the gross proceeds of the offering and certain other expense reimbursements. In addition, placement agents were also issued
warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to five percent (5%) of the aggregate number of shares of common stock sold in the offering,
or 107,143 shares. The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Warrants, except that they have an exercise
price of $4.375 and expire on November 9, 2020. The fair value of the placement agent warrants was $0.2 million (based on the
Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model assuming no dividend yield, a 5 year life, volatility of 89.08%, and a risk-free interest rate
of 1.75%). The Company completed an evaluation of these warrants and determined the warrants should be classified as equity within
the balance sheet.  

The
gross proceeds of the offering were $7.5 million. Net proceeds, after deducting the placement agent s fee, financial advisory
fees, and other offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately $6.9 million. The Company intends to use proceeds
from the offering for general corporate purposes, including clinical trial expenses and research and development expenses.  

June
2015 Public Offering   

On
June 8, 2015, the Company closed a registered direct public offering of an aggregate of 2,469,091 shares of the Company s
common stock at a purchase price of $5.50 per share. The gross proceeds were approximately $13.6 million. After deducting for
fees and expenses, the aggregate net proceeds from the sale of the common stock were approximately $12.5 million. In connection
with the June 2015 public offering, the Company paid placement agent fees and issued the placement agents warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of 5% of the aggregate number of shares of common stock sold in the offering, or 123,455 shares of the Company s
common stock. The placement agent warrants are exercisable at $6.88 per share as of December 8, 2015 and will expire on May 12,
2019. The fair value of the placement agent warrants was approximately $0.6 million (based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model assuming no dividend yield, a 5 year life, volatility of 88.40% and a risk free interest rate of 1.72%). The placement agent
warrants and the shares of the Company s common stock underlying the placement agent warrants have not been registered under
the Securities Act.   The Company completed an evaluation of these
warrants and determined the warrants should be classified as equity within the balance sheet.  

Outstanding
Warrants   

At
July 31, 2016, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase 12,859,286 shares of common stock, with exercise prices ranging
from $0.01 to $24.00, all of which were classified as equity instruments. These warrants expire at various times between September
2016 and May 2025, with the exception of the Series B Warrants, as aforementioned, which expire upon their exercise in
full. At July 31, 2016, 4,244,593 Series B Warrants were available to exercise.  

Dividends   

The
Company has not adopted any policy regarding payment of dividends and no dividends have been paid during the periods presented.  

Note
7   Stock-Based Compensation   

2011
Stock Incentive Plan (as amended)   

The
OncoSec Medical Incorporated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and approved by the Company s stockholders), (or 2011
Plan), authorizes the Board of Directors to grant equity awards, inclusive of stock options and restricted stock units, to employees,
directors, and consultants for up to 4,000,000 shares of common stock. The 2011 Plan includes an automatic increase of its available
share reserve on the first business day of each calendar year by the lesser of 3% of the shares of the Company s common
stock outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding calendar year, 500,000 shares, or such lesser number of shares
as determined by the Board of Directors and the 2011Plan allows for an annual fiscal year per-individual grant of up to 500,000
shares. Under the 2011 Plan, incentive stock options are to be granted at a price that is no less than 100% of the fair value
of the Company s stock at the date of grant. Options vest over a period specified in individual option agreements entered
into with grantees, and are exercisable for a maximum period of ten years after the date of grant. Options granted to stockholders
who own more than 10% of the outstanding stock of the Company at the time of grant must be issued at an exercise price no less
than 110% of the fair value of the Company s stock on the date of grant.  

Stock
Options    

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, the Company granted options to purchase 1,995,750, 655,500 and 78,000 shares of the Company s
common stock to employees, directors and consultants under the 2011 Plan, respectively. The options issued to employees under
the 2011 Plan have a ten-year term, vest over three years, and have exercise prices ranging from $1.64 to $6.21. The options issued
to directors have a ten-year term, vest quarterly in equal increments over one year and have exercise prices ranging from $2.02
to $5.76. The options issued to consultants have one- to three-year terms, vest in accordance with the terms of the applicable
consulting agreement, and have exercise prices ranging from $2.02 to $5.76.  

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015, the Company granted options to purchase 491,001, 37,500 and 80,000 shares of the Company s
common stock to employees, directors and consultants under the 2011 Plan, respectively. The options issued to employees under
the 2011 Plan have a ten-year term, vest over a range of one to three years, and have exercise prices ranging from $5.60 to $10.60.
The options issued to directors have a ten-year term, vest quarterly in equal increments over one year and have an exercise price
of $7.60. The options issued to consultants have one- to three-year terms, vest in accordance with the terms of the applicable
consulting agreement, and have exercise prices ranging from $6.01 to $7.80.  

The
following assumptions were used to calculate the fair value of stock-based compensation related to stock options during the years
ended:  

Expected
price volatility is the measure by which the Company s stock price is expected to fluctuate during the expected term of
an option. The Company exited shell status on March 24, 2011 and its stock became available for trading on April 8, 2011.   In
situations where a public entity has limited historical data on the price of its publicly traded shares and no other traded financial
instruments, authoritative guidance is provided on estimating this assumption by basing its expected volatility on the historical,
expected, or implied volatility of similar entities whose share option prices are publicly available. In making the determination
as to similarity, the guidance recommends the consideration of industry, stage of life cycle, size and financial leverage of such
other entities. The Company s expected volatility is derived from the historical daily change in the market price of its
common stock since its stock became available for trading, as well as the historical daily changes in the market price of its
peer group, based on weighting, as determined by the Company.  

The
expected term of the options represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding based on the simplified
method provided in ASC Topic 718, which averages an award s weighted-average vesting period and contractual term for share
options and warrants. The Company will continue to use the simplified method until it has the historical data necessary to provide
a reasonable estimate of expected life in accordance with ASC Topic 718, as amended by SAB 110. For the expected term of options
issued to employees and directors, the Company used the simplified method.   The
Company expects to continually evaluate its historical data as a basis for determining the expected terms of options granted under
the 2011 Plan. The Company s estimation of the expected term for stock options granted to parties other than employees or
directors is the contractual term of the option award.  

For
the purposes of estimating the fair value of stock option awards, the risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes calculation
is based on the prevailing U.S. Treasury yield. The Company has never paid any dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate
paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future.  

Stock-based
compensation expense recognized in the Company s statements of operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest,
reduced for estimated forfeitures. Authoritative guidance requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant, and revised,
if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Because the Company records stock-based
compensation monthly and utilizes cliff vesting and/or monthly vesting, the Company has estimated the forfeiture rate of its outstanding
stock options as zero since the Company can adjust stock-based compensation due to terminations in the month of termination.  

Stock-based
compensation expense (resulting from stock options awarded) recorded in the Company s statement of operations for the
years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was approximately $6.1 million and $2.7 million, respectively. During the
fiscal years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, approximately $1.0 million and $1.1 million of this amount, respectively, was
recorded to research and development, and approximately $5.1 and $1.6 million, respectively, was recorded in general and
administrative in the Company s statement of operations. See Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies, regarding the
impact of stock option modifications (due to a separation package) on stock-based compensation expense for the year ended
July 31, 2015.  

A
summary of the Company s stock option activity for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

(1)
Recast to reflect the 1-for-20 reverse stock split effected May 2015  

(1)
Recast to reflect the 1-for-20 reverse stock split effected May 2015  

The
weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was $3.45 and $5.57,
respectively. As of July 31, 2016, there was approximately $5.0 million of unrecognized non-cash compensation cost related to
unvested options, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.8 years. The weighted-average fair value of stock
options vested during the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was $5.69 and $7.12.  

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards    

In
March 2016, the Company granted 555,000, 100,000 and 25,000 restricted stock unit awards (or, RSUs) to motivate and retain certain
employees, directors and consultants, respectively, under the 2011 Plan. All RSUs vest in full 3 years following the date of grant.
The Company s closing common stock price on the date of issue was $2.02 per share, which is the RSUs fair market value per
unit. Stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs for the year end period ended July 31, 2016 was approximately $184,000,
approximately $41,000 of which was recorded to research and development and $143,000 was recorded to general and administrative.
As of July 31, 2016, 655,000 RSUs are outstanding.  

2015
Employee Stock Purchase Plan   

The
Company s 2015 ESPP is authorized to issue 500,000 shares of the Company stock. The first offering period of the 2015 ESPP
closed at the end of July 2016 and 17,789 shares were purchased by participants at a purchase price of $1.44, which represented
a 15% discount off of the Company s closing stock price at the beginning of the offering period. At July 31, 2016, 482,211
shares are available for issuance under the 2015 ESPP.  

Common
Stock Reserved for Future Issuance   

The
following table summarizes common stock reserved for future issuance at July 31, 2016:  

Note
8 Income Taxes    

The
FASB Topic on Income Taxes prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute criteria for the financial statement recognition
and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position
must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. An uncertain income tax position will not
be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. The Company has had no unrecognized tax benefits.  

The
Company s practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company
had an accrual of $0 for interest or penalties on the Company s balance sheet at July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015 and has
not recognized any interest and/or penalties in the statement of operations for the year ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

The
Company is subject to taxation in the United States, California, New York, North Carolina and Washington. The Company s
tax years for 2008 and forward and 2011 and forward are subject to examination by the United States federal tax authorities and
California tax authorities, respectively, due to the carry forward of unutilized net operating losses and research and development
credits.  

At
July 31, 2016, the Company had federal and California income tax net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $61,202,000
and $56,349,000, respectively. In addition, the Company has federal and California research and development tax credit carryforwards
of approximately $871,000 and $916,000, respectively. The Company also has California Hiring Credits of approximately $9,300.
The federal net operating loss, research tax credit carryforwards and California net operating loss carryforwards will begin to
expire in 2027 unless previously utilized. The California research and development credit carryforwards will carry forward indefinitely
until utilized.   The Company has not completed a study to assess
whether an ownership change has occurred, as defined by IRC Section 382/383 or whether there have been multiple ownership changes
since the Company s formation due to the complexity and cost associated with such a study, and the fact that there may be
additional such ownership changes in the future. Based on a preliminary assessment, the Company believes that ownership changes
have occurred. The Company estimates that if such a change did occur, the federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards
and research and development credits that can be utilized in the future will be significantly limited. There can be no assurance
that the Company will ever be able to realize the benefit of some or all of the federal and state loss carryforwards or the credit
carryforwards, either due to ongoing operating losses or due to ownership changes, which limit the usefulness of the loss carryforwards.  

Significant
components of the Company s deferred tax assets as of July 31, 2016 and 2015 are listed below:  

A
valuation allowance of $29,250,000 and $18,880,000 at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, has been recognized to offset the
net deferred tax assets as realization of such assets is uncertain.  

A
reconciliation of incomes taxes using the statutory income tax rate, compared to the effective rate, is as follows:  

Note
9 Commitments and Contingencies   

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company may become a party to lawsuits involving various matters. The Company is unaware
of any such lawsuits presently pending against it which individually or in the aggregate, are deemed to be material to the Company s
financial condition or results of operations.  

Effective
November 1, 2015, the Company entered into a 12-month lease agreement for office space in Campbell, California to support its
legal department. The base rent is $2,008 per month.  

On
December 31, 2014, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately 34,000 rentable square feet located at 5820 Nancy
Ridge Drive, San Diego, California to serve as the Company s new corporate headquarters and research and development laboratory.
The lease term commenced on October 19, 2015 and expires 120 months after commencement. The Company has an option to extend the
lease for an additional 5 years, if notice is given within 12 months prior to the expiration of the lease term. The Company also
has the right to terminate the lease after the expiration of the 84th month after the lease commencement so long as the Company
delivers to the landlord a written notice of its election to exercise its termination right no less than 12 months in advance.
The lease agreement provides for base rent at $2.65 per rentable square feet, subject to a 3% rate increase on each annual anniversary
of the first day of the first full month during the term of the lease agreement. Upon commencement of the lease, 12 months of
rent abatement is provided. Under the terms of the lease, the Company is also required to share in certain monthly operating expenses
of the premises and in December 2014 the Company delivered a security deposit of approximately $90,000.  

Total
rent expense for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $1.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively.  

At
July 31, 2016, future minimum lease payments under the non-cancelable operating leases are approximately as follows:  

On
March 6, 2015, the Company entered into two research and development services agreements, one with Rev.1 Engineering Inc., (or,
Rev.1) and the other with Merlin CSI, LLC (or, Merlin). Each company had been engaged to perform research, development, testing,
and regulatory filing services related to an engineering project. During Fiscal 2016, the Company terminated both the Rev.1 and
Merlin agreements and no longer has any obligations to either company under their respective agreement. As a result of terminating
the Rev.1 agreement, the Company forfeited the remaining deposit with Rev.1, which resulted in the Company recording approximately
$0.2 million of expense upon its release of the deposit.  

The
Company has entered employment agreements with each of its executive level officers  .
Generally, the terms of each agreement are such that if the officer is terminated other than for cause, death or disability, or
if the case of termination of employment with the Company is for good cause, the officer shall be entitled to receive severance
payments equal to either 6 or 12 months of his/her then-current annual base salary plus any accrued bonus and 6 or 12 months of
benefits coverage.  

On
April 15, 2016, the Company and the Company s former Chief Scientific Officer (or, CSO) entered into a separation, release
and consulting agreement, in which the CSO would voluntarily resign from the Company on June 18, 2016 and become a consultant
of the Company. The terms of the agreement afforded no severance pay related to the termination of employment; however, the terms
of the agreement provide for a fee of $30,000 per month for consulting services. The consulting agreement will terminate automatically
on June 18, 2017, unless renewed by a written agreement of both parties or earlier terminated as provided within the agreement.
On the date of termination of employment, the Company recorded a liability of $360,000 in its balance sheet as the consulting
services to be performed are not substantive and the offsetting charge was recorded in research and development as other
outside service fees. As of July 31, 2016, the Company has paid $30,000 against the liability.  

On
December 27, 2015, the Company and the Company s former Chief Medical Officer (or, CMO) entered into a separation and release
agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay the former CMO $286,000, less applicable withholdings, in the form of salary
continuation in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices. In addition, the CMO would be eligible to receive
a bonus for calendar year 2015, should the Company s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee thereof choose to grant
discretionary bonuses to the Company s officers. At the separation date, the Company recorded a liability of $286,000 in
its balance sheet and the offsetting charge was recorded in research and development as salary expense. As of July 31, 2016, the
Company has paid approximately $150,000 against the liability and no bonuses were granted or paid related to calendar 2015.  

On
June 24, 2015, the Company and the Company s former Chief Financial Officer (or, CFO) entered into a separation and release
agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay the former CFO $309,833, less applicable withholdings, in the form of salary
continuation in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices and a pro rata bonus for fiscal year 2015 equal
to $35,100. The Company agreed to   pay for 12 months of benefits
coverage and accelerated the vesting of 31,586 stock options as of the date of termination and to extend the exercise period for
one year post-termination for all vested stock options. The Company accounted for the stock option modification pursuant to ASC
Topic 718. Based on a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model (assuming a term of 1 year, no dividend yield, volatility of 74.61% and
a risk free interest rate of .30%), the Company recorded at July 31, 2015 approximately $41,000 of additional stock-based compensation
expense in its statement of operations related to the stock option modification. The additional stock-based compensation was categorized
as general and administrative expense. At July 31, 2015, the Company recorded a liability of approximately $354,000 in its balance
sheet and the offsetting charge was recorded in general and administrative as salary expense. As of July 31, 2016, all monetary
obligations have been paid in full and all related options have terminated as they were not exercised during the post-termination
period.  

Note
10 401(k) Plan   

Effective
May 15, 2012, the Company adopted a defined contribution savings plan pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.
The plan is for the benefit of all qualifying employees and permits voluntary contributions by employees up to 100% of eligible
compensation, subject to the Internal Revenue Service imposed maximum limits. The terms of the plan allow for discretionary employer
contributions. The Company currently matches 100% of its employees  contributions, up to 3% of their annual compensation.
The Company s contributions are recorded as expense in the accompanying statement of operations and totaled approximately
$236,000 and $133,000 for the years July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Note
11     Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)   

The
following financial information reflects all normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary
for a fair statement of the results of the interim periods. Summarized quarterly data for fiscal 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  

(1)
Loss per share is computed independently for each of the quarters presented.  

  Therefore,
the sum of the quarterly net loss per share will not necessarily equal the total for the year.  

  (2)
Recast to account for the 1-for-20 reverse stock split effected May 2015.  

EXHIBIT
INDEX   

The
following exhibits are being filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Exhibit
    Number   
         
       Description
    of Exhibit    

10.13#  
         
       Form
                                         of Executive Employment Agreement, effective November 1, 2015, by and between the Company
                                         and Sheela Mohan-Peterson (incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form
                                         10-Q, filed on December 8, 2015)  

10.14#  
         
      Separation
    and Release Agreement, effective December 31, 2015, by and between the Company and Mai Hope Le, MD (incorporated by reference
    to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 29, 2015)   

10.15#  
         
      Separation
    and Release Agreement, effective June 18, 2016, by and between the Company and Robert Pierce, MD (incorporated by reference
    to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 15, 2016)   

10.16#  
         
      Form
    of Executive Employment Agreement and Inducement Stock Option Award Agreement, effective September 1, 2016, by and between
    the Company and Sharron Gargosky, PhD (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 6, 2016)   

10.17  
         
      Form
    of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2015, by and among the Company and the purchaser identified on the signature
    pages thereto (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 4, 2015)   

10.18  
         
      Sponsored
    Research Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2013 by and among OncoSec Medical Incorporated, Old Dominion University and The Frank
    Reidy Research Center for Bioelectrics (incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed December 16,
    2013)   

10.19  
         
      Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 5, 2014)   

10.20  
         
      Amendment
    to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 28, 2011 by and between OncoSec Medical Incorporated and Inovio Pharmaceuticals,
    Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 3, 2011)   

10.21  
         
      Common
    Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 3, 2011)   

10.22  
         
      Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 29, 2012)   

10.23  
         
      Second
    Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 24, 2012, by and between OncoSec Medical Incorporated and Inovio Pharmaceuticals,
    Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 29, 2012)   

10.24  
         
      Common
    Stock Purchase Warrant (issued to Inovio Pharmaceuticals on March 24, 2012) (incorporated by reference to our Current Report
    on Form 8-K, filed on March 29, 2012)   

10.25  
         
      Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 19, 2012)   

10.26#  
         
      OncoSec
    Medical Incorporated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement
    on Form S-8, filed on July 28, 2014, File No. 333-197678)   

10.27  
         
      Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 19, 2013)   

10.28  
         
      Lease
    Agreement, dated December 31, 2014, by and between the Company and ARE-SD Region No. 18, LLC (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 2, 2015)   

10.29  
         
      Form
    of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June
    4, 2015)   

#
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  

  *
Confidential treatment has been granted or requested with respect to portions of this exhibit pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and these confidential portions have been redacted from the filing that is incorporated by reference. A complete
copy of this exhibit, including the redacted terms, has been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1   

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

As
independent registered public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-195387
on Form S-3, Registration Statement No. 333-213036 on Form S-3, Registration Statement No. 333-189516 on Form S-1, Registration
Statement No. 333-183544 on Form S-1, Registration Statement No. 333-179146 on Form S-1, Registration Statement No. 333-175779
on Form S-1, Registration Statement No. 333-197678 on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-194570 on Form S-8, Registration
Statement No. 333-192995 on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-188726 on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-176537
on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-202752 on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-209154 on Form S-8, and Registration
Statement No. 333-209948 on Form S-8, of our report dated October 13, 2016, with respect to the financial statements of OncoSec
Medical Incorporated for each of the years in the two year period ended July 31, 2016, included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of OncoSec Medical Incorporated for the year ended July 31, 2016.  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Punit Dhillon, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OncoSec Medical Incorporated;   

2.
      
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.
      
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.
      
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)
      
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)
      
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)
      
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)
      
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.
      
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)
      
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)
      
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

October
    13, 2016  

/s/
    Punit Dhillon   

Punit
    Dhillon  

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Richard Slansky, certify that:  

1.
      
      I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OncoSec Medical Incorporated;   

2.
      
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.
      
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.
      
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)
      
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)
      
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)
      
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)
      
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.
      
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)
      
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)
      
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

October
    13, 2016  

/s/
    Richard Slansky   

Richard
    Slansky  

Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The
undersigned, Punit Dhillon, President and Chief Executive Officer of OncoSec Medical Incorporated (the   Company  )
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)
      
      the
    Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended July 31, 2016 (the   Report  ) fully complies
    with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
    and   

(2)
      
      the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Dated:
    October 13, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Punit Dhillon    

Punit
    Dhillon   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal
    Executive Officer)    

This
certification shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ), and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to OncoSec Medical Incorporated and will
be retained by OncoSec Medical Incorporated and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The
undersigned, Richard Slansky, Chief Financial Officer of OncoSec Medical Incorporated (the   Company  ) hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)   
      the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended July 31, 2016 (the   Report  ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)   
      the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated:
    October 13, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Richard Slansky    

Richard
    Slansky   

Chief
    Financial Officer    

(Principal
    Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

This
certification shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ), and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to OncoSec Medical Incorporated and will
be retained by OncoSec Medical Incorporated and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 oncs-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 oncs-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 oncs-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 oncs-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 oncs-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 oncs-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

