<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161017_10-Q_edgar_data_736822_0001437749-16-039871_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10375241</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81109</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>379524</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3976843</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4398460</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1334491</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-16-039871.hdr.sgml : 20161017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161017160016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-16-039871
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IMMUCOR INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000736822
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		IRS NUMBER:				222408354
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14820
		FILM NUMBER:		161938895

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3130 GATWAY
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 5625
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30091
		BUSINESS PHONE:		770 441 2051

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3130 GATEWAY DR
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 5625
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30091-5625

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-16-039871.txt : 20161017

10-Q
 1
 blud20160830_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   blud20160830_10q.htm 

FORM 10-Q   
  United States  
  Securities and Exchange Commission  
  Washington, D. C. 20549  

Commission File Number: 0-14820  
     
   IMMUCOR, INC.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Georgia  
 
 22-2408354  

(State or other jurisdiction of  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer  

incorporation or organization)  
 
 Identification No.)  

3130 Gateway Drive     Norcross, Georgia 30071  
  (Address of principal executive offices)       (Zip Code)  
     
  Registrant's telephone number: (770) 441-2051  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
     
  Yes     No  X   
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      
     
  Yes  X      No    
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  
 
 Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer       X   
 
 Smaller reporting company   
 
 (do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
     
  Yes     No  X    
     
  As of August 19, 2011, there was no established public trading market for the Company s common stock; therefore, the aggregate market value of the common stock is not determinable.   
       
  As of October 17, 2016, there were 100 shares of common stock outstanding.   

IMMUCOR, INC.   
     
   QUARTERLY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
     
   INDEX    

PART I.     FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.    
  Consolidated Financial Statements:   
 3  

Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited, except for May 31, 2016)   
   3  

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited)   
   4  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (unaudited)   
   5  

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (unaudited for the period ending August 31, 2016)   
   6  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   
   7  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
   8  

Item 2.    
 
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 28  

Item 3.    
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
 33  

Item 4.    
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 33  

PART II.     OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.    
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 34  

Item 1A.    
 
   Risk Factors    
 34  

Item 5.    
 
   Other Information    
 34  

Item 6.    
 
   Exhibits       
 35  

SIGNATURES  
 35   

2

ITEM 1. Consolidated Financial Statements   
   IMMUCOR, INC.   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

(Amounts in thousands, except share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

3

IMMUCOR, INC.   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

(in thousands)  
  (Unaudited)  

(*) Cost of sales is exclusive of amortization expense which is shown separately within operating expenses.   
   
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

4

IMMUCOR, INC.    
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

(in thousands)  
  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

5

IMMUCOR, INC.    
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY   

(in thousands)  

(1) - Shareholders  equity of Immucor, Inc.  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

6

IMMUCOR, INC.   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

(in thousands)  
  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

7

IMMUCOR, INC.   
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)  

1.    
 
   NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION      
        
    Nature of Business    
     
  Immucor, Inc. ( Immucor  or the  Company ) develops, manufactures and sells transfusion and transplantation diagnostics products used by hospitals, donor centers and reference laboratories around the world. The Company s products are used in a number of tests performed in the typing and screening of blood, organs or stem cells to ensure donor-recipient compatibility for blood transfusion, and organ and stem cell transplantations. The Company operates manufacturing facilities in North America with both direct and third-party distribution arrangements worldwide.  
     
    Basis of Presentation     
     
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements are unaudited and have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information, and the Securities and Exchange Commission s ( SEC ) instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The Company s interim results are not necessarily indicative of the Company s expected full year results. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited, consolidated financial statements and related notes for the year ended May 31, 2016, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 22, 2016.   
     
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the Company s consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2016 to conform to the fiscal year 2017 presentation. We have also performed an evaluation of subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued.   
         
    Basis of Consolidation     
     
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Immucor, Inc., its wholly owned subsidiaries, and a variable interest entity ( VIE ) that is required to be consolidated in accordance with GAAP (Refer to Note 3 for additional information on our consolidated VIE). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. There are no other entities controlled by the Company, either directly or indirectly.   
       
   Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards   -   
       
    Accounting Updates Not Yet Adopted    
         
  In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses . ASU 2016-13 will replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off balance sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. ASU 2016-13 will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2020, and early adoption is permitted but not earlier than fiscal year 2019.   The Company is evaluating the effect of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 on its consolidated financial statements.   
     
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases , which will replace most existing lease accounting guidance in GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2016-02 is that an entity should recognize the rights and obligations resulting from leases as assets and liabilities. ASU 2016-02 requires qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures to supplement the amounts recorded in the financial statements so that users can understand more about the nature of an entity s leasing activities, including significant judgments and changes in judgments. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, which corresponds to the Company s first quarter of fiscal year 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect of the adoption   of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements.   

8

In May 2014, the FASB   and International Accounting Standards Board issued their converged standard on revenue recognition, ASU   2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ). This standard outlines a single comprehensive model for companies to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core principle of the revenue model is that revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of a good or service. A customer obtains control when it has the ability to direct the use of and obtain the benefits from the good or service. Transfer of control is not the same as transfer of risks and rewards, as it is considered in current guidance. The Company will also need to apply new guidance to determine whether revenue should be recognized over time or at a point in time. An amendment was made in July 2015 to change the effective date of this standard from the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 to December 15, 2017, which corresponds to the Company s   first quarter of fiscal year 2019. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, which further clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations contained in ASU 2014-09.   No early adoption is permitted under these standards, and it is to be applied either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Company is evaluating the effect of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements.  

2.      
 
   BUSINESS   COMBINATIONS      
     
    Business combinations completed in fiscal 2016:    
     
   Acquisition of Sirona  - On March 4, 2016, the Company exercised its warrant and acquired 100% of the common stock of Sirona Genomics, Inc. ( Sirona ).  The cash paid for the Sirona business was $15.0 million, of which $0.6 million was paid prior to fiscal year 2016 for the warrant, and $14.4 million was paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016.   The purchase agreement included two contingent consideration arrangements, one for achieving certain revenue targets in each of the next five years and the other for achieving a revenue milestone during the next five years. The combined potential earn-out for these arrangements is $45.0 million in cash over the next five years. Management estimated that the fair value of the contingent consideration arrangements, as of the acquisition date, was approximately $20.0 million, which is included in Other long-term liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Including the contingent consideration, the aggregate estimated fair value of the consideration to be paid is approximately $35.0 million. The fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired was $40.6 million for identifiable intangible assets (existing technologies), $14.8 million for goodwill, $2.1 million for property and equipment, $1.3 million of cash, $1.5 million for current liabilities, $9.7 million for a Promissory Note payable to Immucor, and $12.5 million for long-term deferred tax liabilities. The goodwill arising from this acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes.   
     
  The Company determines contingent consideration liabilities by applying a form of the income approach, based upon the probability-weighted projected payment amounts discounted to present value at a rate appropriate for the risk of achieving the financial performance targets. The key assumptions were the earn-out period payment probabilities, projected revenues, discount rate and the timing of payments. The present value of the expected payments considers the time at which the obligations are expected to be settled and a discount rate that reflects the risk associated with the performance payments. These assumptions are considered to be level 3 inputs by ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurement  ( ASC Topic 820 ), which are not observable in the market.  
     
   Acquisition of reference lab    On August 3, 2015, the Company completed the asset purchase of a U.S. reference lab for a total cash purchase price of $0.8 million. This acquisition will enable the Company to deliver current Immucor products as a service to customers as well as commercialize newly developed products. The fair values of the acquired assets were $0.3 million for equipment, $0.2 million for identifiable intangible assets and $0.3 million for goodwill. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.   
     
    Financial Information     
     
  The operating results of the acquired businesses have been included in the Company s consolidated results of operations since their dates of acquisition.  

9

3.    
 
   CONSOLIDATED VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITY       
        
  In February 2016, the Company contributed the assets acquired in the Sentilus acquisition to a newly formed company, Sentilus Holdco LLC ( Sentilus LLC ). The Company then distributed its interest in Sentilus LLC via a dividend, indirectly, to IVD Intermediate Holdings A Inc., which is the owner of Immucor s Parent company, IVD Intermediate Holdings B Inc.   
     
  Sentilus LLC will continue developing Femtoarrays TM  and the underlying technology for use in a variety of in vitro diagnostics areas. This business was spun-off from Immucor to be able to separately market the potential new product offerings outside the Company s current Transfusion and Transplant markets. The book value of the assets and liabilities transferred was $6.0 million. The book value includes assets of $1.0 million of cash, $0.5 million of equipment, $18.8 million of identifiable intangible assets, and $0.1 million of goodwill, and liabilities of $7.2 million of deferred income tax liabilities, and a $7.2 million obligation to Immucor for contingent consideration liabilities.    
     
  Sentilus LLC is considered to be a VIE.  Sentilus LLC is operated as a separate business. Sentilus LLC and the Company have entered into management services agreements (the  Management Contracts ) pursuant to which Immucor provided management, financial, legal and human resource services as well as personnel, materials and business locations to Sentilus LLC in exchange for management fees at Immucor s cost plus a specified  arms-length  margin (which is subject to periodic adjustment). Immucor s executive management controls and operates the Sentilus LLC business. Immucor is considered the primary beneficiary of Sentilus LLC because it is managing the Sentilus LLC business and providing the necessary personnel and support to operate the business under the terms of the Management Contracts. Accordingly, the financial results of Sentilus LLC are included in the consolidated financial results of the Company.      
     
  The operations of Sentilus LLC will be primarily funded through either additional potential future dividends from Immucor or from additional capital contributions from IVD Holdings Inc. ( Holdings ), the Parent company of IVD Intermediate Holdings A Inc. The Company could be exposed to a loss related to the Sentilus LLC business if there are expenses that are incurred by the Company on behalf of Sentilus LLC under the terms of the Management Contracts and are not reimbursed.  This risk is deemed unlikely since all of the entities involved in this arrangement are under the common control of Holdings.  
     
  The following tables include the carrying amounts and classification of the assets and liabilities of Sentilus LLC that are included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016 that cannot be used to settle the obligations of Immucor, and are not Immucor s obligation to pay (in thousands):   

4.    
 
   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS       
     
  In connection with the Immucor Acquisition in fiscal year 2012, the Company entered into a management services agreement with TPG Capital, L.P. (the  Sponsor ). Pursuant to such agreement, and in exchange for on-going consulting and management advisory services that are provided to the Company, the Sponsor receives an aggregate annual monitoring fee of approximately $3.0 million. In the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, approximately $0.9 million, and $0.8 million, respectively, was recorded for monitoring fees, additional services provided by the Sponsor, and out-of-pocket expenses and substantially all of these expenses are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, the Company owed $2.4 million and $1.7 million, respectively, to the Sponsor for these fees and expenses.   
   
  Sentilus LLC and the Company have entered into management services agreements. Refer to Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information.   

10

5.        
 
   INVENTORIES,   NET         
     
  Inventories, net are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value.   Inventories, net consist of the following (in thousands):   

6.      
 
   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT,   NET      
     
  Property and equipment, net consist of the following (in thousands):  

Depreciation expense was $4.0 million in the three months ended August 31, 2016 and was $3.5 million in the three months ended August 31, 2015. Depreciation expense is primarily included in cost of sales in the Company s consolidated statements of operations.  

11

The consolidated financial statements include the goodwill resulting from the acquisition of various businesses by Immucor. The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the three months   ended August 31, 2016 and the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 (in thousands):  

In the first three months of fiscal year 2017, and the twelve months of fiscal year 2016, there were no significant changes in goodwill other than the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and an increase in goodwill from business acquisitions completed in those periods.   
     
  During the first three months of fiscal year 2017, and the twelve months of fiscal year 2016, there were no impairment losses recorded. For the periods ending August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, the Company had $160.0 million of accumulated impairment losses on goodwill.  

8.          
 
   OTHER   INTANGIBLE ASSETS  , NET         

Other intangible assets, net consist of the following (in thousands):  

A portion of the Company s customer relationships is held in functional currencies outside the U.S. Therefore, the stated cost as well as the accumulated amortization is affected by the fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates.   

12

Amortization expense related to these intangible assets for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 was $14.2 million and $13.6 million, respectively. Expected amortization expense for the remainder of fiscal     year 2017 and for each of the five succeeding years is as follows (in thousands):  

9.    
 
   LONG-TERM DEBT       
     
  Long-term debt consists of the following   (in thousands)  :   

(1) - OID refers to original issue discounts on the Company's long-term debt  
  (2) - DFC refers to deferred financing costs related to the Company's long-term debt facilities  

Senior Secured Credit Facilities, Security Agreement and Guaranty     
     
  The Company is party to a credit agreement and related security and other agreements as subsequently amended, with a bank syndicate of lenders, and Citibank N.A. as the Administrative Agent. The credit agreement, as amended, provides for (1) a $663.3 million senior secured term loan facility (the  Term Loan Facility ) and (2) $80.0 million of senior secured revolving loan facilities (the  Revolving Facilities,  and together with the Term Loan Facility, the  Senior Credit Facilities ). In addition to borrowings upon prior notice, the Revolving Facilities include borrowing capacity in the form of letters of credit and borrowings on same-day notice, referred to as swing line loans, in each case, up to $25.0 million, and is available in U.S. dollars, GBP, Euros, Yen, Canadian dollars and in such other currencies as the Company and the Administrative Agent under the Revolving Facilities may agree (subject to a sublimit for such non-U.S. currencies).   
     
  Borrowings under the Senior Credit Facilities bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin plus, at the Company s option, either (a) in the case of borrowings in U.S. dollars, a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the prime rate of Citibank, N.A., (2) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (3) a LIBOR rate determined by reference to the costs of funds for U.S. dollar deposits for an interest period of one month adjusted for certain additional costs, plus 1.00% or (b) in the case of borrowings in U.S. dollars or another currency, a LIBOR rate determined by reference to the costs of funds for U.S. dollar deposits for the interest period relevant to such borrowing adjusted for certain additional costs, which, in the case of the Term Loan Facility only, shall be no less than 1.25%. The applicable margin for borrowings under the Term Loan Facility is 2.75% with respect to base rate borrowings and 3.75% with respect to LIBOR borrowings. The applicable margin for borrowings under the Revolving Facilities is 2.75% with respect to base rate borrowings and 3.75% with respect to LIBOR borrowings, subject to a 0% LIBOR floor. The applicable margin for borrowings under the Revolving Facilities is subject to a 0.25% step-down, when the Company s senior secured net leverage ratio at the end of a fiscal quarter is less than or equal to 3:00 to 1:00. The Revolving Facilities mature on the earlier of (i) February 19, 2020, (ii) May 19, 2018, if the maturity of the Term Loan Facility has not been extended by such date, and (iii) 90 days prior to any maturity date of certain funded material indebtedness (which maturity date shall be no earlier than October 19, 2018). Certain other Company actions would also result in a springing maturity of the Revolving Facilities as early as August 20, 2017. The aggregate principal amount of the revolving credit commitments is as follows: (1) $80.0 million as of May 4, 2016, (2) on August 19, 2018, to $70.0 million, (3) on February 19, 2019, to $60.0 million, and (4) on August 19, 2019, to $50.0 million.  

13

The interest rate on the Term Loan Facility was 5.00% as of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016. Including the amortization of deferred financing costs and the original issue discount, the effective interest rate on the Term Loan Facility is 6.15% for the three months ended August 31, 2016. The weighted average interest rate on the borrowings from the Revolving Facilities during the first three months of fiscal year 2017 was approximately 5.46%. At August 31, 2016, there were $21.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facilities and no outstanding letters of credit.   
     
  The Company is required to make scheduled principal payments on the last business day of each calendar quarter equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of loans under the Term Loan Facility with the balance due and payable on August 19, 2018. Currently scheduled principal payments are $1.7 million per quarter. The Company is also required to repay loans under the Term Loan Facility based on annual excess cash flows as defined in the credit agreement governing the Term Loan Facility and upon the occurrence of certain other events set forth in that credit agreement. The additional principal due under the terms of the excess cash flow requirement was zero for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2015. The terms of the Senior Credit Facilities provide that any principal paid as a result of the excess cash flow requirement, shall be applied to the scheduled installments of principal following the date of prepayment in direct order of maturity.  
     
  All obligations under the Senior Credit Facilities are unconditionally guaranteed by the parent company of Immucor,   IVD Intermediate Holdings B Inc.   (the  Parent ), and certain of Immucor s existing and future wholly owned domestic subsidiaries (such subsidiaries collectively, the  Subsidiary Guarantors ), and are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by substantially all of the Company s assets and the assets of the Parent and Subsidiary Guarantors, subject in each case to customary exceptions and exclusions. Neither the assets nor the equity of Sentilus LLC is collateral for the Senior Credit Facilities.  

Indenture and the Senior Notes Due 2019     
     
  The Company has also issued $400.0 million in principal amount of Senior Notes (the  Notes ). The Notes bear interest at a rate of 11.125% per annum, and interest is payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year. Including the amortization of deferred financing costs and the original issue discount, the effective interest rate on the Notes is 11.70% for the three months ended August 31, 2016. The Notes mature on August 15, 2019.   
     
  Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of Immucor s current and future wholly owned domestic restricted subsidiaries (and non-wholly owned subsidiaries if such non-wholly owned subsidiaries guarantee the Company s or another guarantor s other capital market debt securities) that is a guarantor of certain debt of the Company or another guarantor, including the Senior Credit Facilities. The Notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is not expressly subordinated in right of payment thereto. The Notes will be senior in right of payment to any future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment thereto and effectively junior to (a) the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, including the Senior Credit Facilities described above, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness and (b) all existing and future liabilities of the Company s non-guarantor subsidiaries.   
     
  The Company is not aware of any violations of the covenants pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the Notes or the credit agreement governing the Senior Credit Facilities.   

14

Future Commitments     
     
  The following is a summary of the combined principal maturities of all long-term debt and principal payments to be made under the Company s capital lease agreements for each of the fiscal years presented in the table below (in thousands):   

Interest Expense     
     
  The significant components of interest expense are as follows (in thousands):   

Deferred financing costs    
     
  Changes in deferred financing costs during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 are as follows (in thousands):  

(1) Debt issuance costs are related to Amendment No. 6 of our credit agreement  
     
  Deferred financing costs are capitalized and are amortized over the life of the related debt agreements using the effective interest rate method, except for the costs associated with the Revolving Facilities which uses the straight-line method, and are included in the Term Loan Facility.  

15

10.    
 
   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS       
     
  As of August 31, 2016, the Company has an interest rate swap agreement to hedge $70.0 million of its future interest commitments resulting from the Term Loan Facility, and to protect the Company from variability in cash flows attributable to changes in LIBOR interest rates. The purpose of entering into a swap agreement is to match the LIBOR floor in the swaps with the terms of the Term Loan Facility. Consistent with the terms of the Company s Term Loan Facility, the swap includes a LIBOR floor of 1.25%. The swap agreement hedges a portion of contractual floating rate interest commitments through the expiration of the agreement in September 2016. As a result of the agreement, the LIBOR rate associated with the hedged amount of the Company s indebtedness has been fixed at 1.91% until September 30, 2016.   
     
  Effective October 1, 2014 through September 30, 2015, the Company had swap agreements that hedged $155.0 million of the Company s floating rate interest commitments at a weighted average fixed LIBOR rate of 1.77%.  Effective October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016, the Company has swap agreements to hedge $70.0 million of the Company s floating rate interest commitments at a fixed LIBOR rate of 1.91%.   
     
  The Company designated these interest rate swap agreements as cash flow hedges. As cash flow hedges, unrealized gains are recognized as assets while unrealized losses are recognized as liabilities. The interest rate swap agreements are highly correlated to the changes in interest rates to which the Company is exposed. Unrealized gains and losses on these swaps are designated as effective or ineffective. The effective portion of such gains or losses is recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, while the ineffective portion of such gains or losses will be recorded as a component of interest expense. Future realized gains and losses in connection with each required interest payment will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss to interest expense.   
     
  The changes in fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and are reclassified into interest expense in the same period the hedged item affects earnings. Due to the high degree of effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the underlying exposures being hedged, fluctuations in the value of the derivative instruments are generally offset by changes in the fair values or cash flows of the underlying exposures being hedged. The changes in the fair values of derivatives that do not qualify as effective are immediately recognized in earnings.  
     
  The gains and losses on derivative contracts that are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss to current period earnings are included in the line item in which the hedged item is recorded in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. As of August 31, 2016, approximately $40 thousand of the deferred net loss on derivative instruments accumulated in other comprehensive loss is expected to be reclassified as interest expense during the next twelve months. This expectation is based on the expected timing of the occurrence of the hedged forecasted transactions.   

The fair values of the interest rate swap agreements are estimated using industry standard valuation models using market-based observable inputs, including interest rate curves (level 2). A summary of the recorded liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows (in thousands):   

16

The losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss ( AOCI ) was reclassified to the consolidated statement of operations and appears as follows (in thousands):     

Three Months Ended    

August 31    

Location of (loss) gain reclassified from AOCI into income   

2016    

2015    

(Losses) gains on cash flow hedges:   

Interest expense (effective portion)    
   
 $ 
 (125 
 ) 

(217 
 )  

Interest income (expense) (ineffective portion)   
   
 $ 
 -  

(1 
 )   

The Company uses a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy requires entities to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows:   

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.      

Level 2 Observable inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.      

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs.      

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis     

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values because of the short-term maturity of these instruments. Of the $9.7 million and $10.3 million of cash and cash equivalents at August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, respectively, approximately 17% and 38% was located in the U.S., respectively.  
     
  The Company uses derivative financial instruments, primarily in the form of floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements, in order to mitigate the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations on the Company s floating rate indebtedness. The estimated fair value of the Company s derivative instruments is based on quoted market prices for similar instruments (a level 2 input) and are reflected at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. The level 2 inputs used to calculate fair value were interest rates, volatility and credit derivative markets. The Company s current and long-term derivative financial instrument liabilities are included in accrued interest and interest rate swap liability and other long-term liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets.   

17

The fair value of the Notes and the Term Loan Facility (collectively referred to as the Company s debt instruments) is estimated to be $368.8 million and $624.1 million at August 31, 2016, respectively, based on recent trades of similar instruments. The fair value of the Notes and the Term Loan Facility was estimated to be $364.3 million and $614.5 million at May 31, 2016, respectively, based on the fair value of these instruments at that time.   
     
  Management believes that these liabilities can be liquidated without restriction.  
     
  As of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, the Company had $41.3 million and $40.4 million, respectively, in contingent consideration liabilities for earn-out provisions resulting from acquisitions included in Other long-term liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet.   
     
  The fair value of these contingent consideration liabilities was determined by applying a form of the income approach (a level 3 input), based upon the probability-weighted projected payment amounts discounted to present value at a rate appropriate for the risk of achieving the performance targets. The key assumptions included in the calculations were the earn-out period payment probabilities, projected revenues, discount rate and the timing of payments. The present value of the expected payments considers the time at which the obligations are expected to be settled and a discount rate that reflects the risk associated with the performance payments.   
     
  The changes in the Company s current and long-term contingent consideration liabilities are summarized in the following table (in thousands):     

12.      
 
   ACCUMULATED OTHER   COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME      
       
  Total accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income is included in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity. The changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income are as follows (in thousands):  

18

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows (in thousands):  

13.    
 
   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION       
     
  The Company has granted nonvested restricted stock, and stock options to key employees and directors under its 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company granted stock awards with an aggregate fair value of approximately $1.0 million during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and $11.9 million during the three months ended August 31, 2015. As of August 31, 2016, a total of 27,153 shares were available for future grants.   
     
  Restricted stock units typically vest over a two-year period (50% per year) and do not expire. Upon vesting, and in some cases certain other triggers, restricted stock units are settled in shares of IVD Holdings Inc. s common stock. Stock option awards are granted with service-based vesting conditions ( service-based options ), and performance-based or market-based vesting conditions ( performance-based options ). The service-based options contain tiered vesting terms over the service period. The performance-based options vest in tranches upon the achievement of certain performance or market objectives, which are measured over a three or four year period.  
     
  The Company recognized expense of $1.4 million in the three months ended August 31, 2016 and $0.9 million in the three months ended August 31, 2015, before income tax benefits, for all the Company s stock awards. As of August 31, 2016, there was $12.6 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related the Company s stock plans that will be recognized over approximately 2.9 years.  

The effective tax rate for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 was 34.7% and 28.3%, respectively.  The difference between the federal statutory rate and the effective tax rate for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, was primarily due to the income subject to tax in the various tax jurisdictions with rates that differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate and the impact of recording U.S. income taxes associated with current and future distributions of foreign earnings.  
     
  The Company does not consider itself to be permanently reinvested with respect to its accumulated and un-repatriated earnings as well as the future earnings of each foreign subsidiary. Accordingly, the Company recorded a deferred tax liability associated with unremitted future earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. The Company continues to consider its investment in each foreign subsidiary to be permanently reinvested and thus has not recorded a deferred tax liability on such amounts.   

15.    
 
   SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION       
       
  The Company determines operating segments in accordance with its internal operating structure, which is organized based upon product groups. Each segment is separately managed and is evaluated primarily upon operating results. The Company has two operating segments, the Transfusion segment and the Transplant   Molecular segment, which have been aggregated into one reportable segment.   
     
  The Company markets a complete line of diagnostics products and automated systems which are used primarily by hospitals, donor centers and reference laboratories in a number of tests performed to detect and identify certain properties of human blood and human tissue to enable the most compatible match available between patient and donor. These tests are performed for the purpose of blood transfusions and organ and stem cell transplantations.   

19

The Company operates in various geographies. These geographic markets are comprised of the United States, Europe, Canada and other international markets. The majority of the other international markets are considered emerging markets for our business. These products are marketed globally, both directly to the end user and through established distributors.   
     
  Accounting policies for segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies.   
     
  The following is a summary of the Company s segment data (in thousands):  

Following is a summary of enterprise-wide information (in thousands):  

Net sales are attributed to individual countries based on the customer s country of origin at the time of the sale and where the Company has an operating entity.  

20

(A) - Net sales to any individual country within Europe were not material to the Company's consolidated net sales.   
  (B) - Long-lived assets located in any individual country within Europe were not material to the Company's   consolidated long-lived assets.  
  (C ) - Primarily Japan and India  
         
  Sales to any individual customer did not equal or exceed 10% of our net sales during the three months ended August 31, 2016, or during the three months ended August 31, 2015.   

16.    
 
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES       
       
  The Company has certain outstanding indebtedness that is guaranteed by its U.S. subsidiaries. However, the indebtedness is not guaranteed by the Company s foreign subsidiaries or its consolidated variable interest entity. The guarantor subsidiaries are all wholly owned and the guarantees are made on a joint and several basis and are full and unconditional. Separate consolidated financial statements of the guarantor subsidiaries have not been presented because management believes that such information would not be material to investors. However, condensed consolidating financial information is presented.   
     
  Refer to Note 3 for information on assets and liabilities of Sentilus LLC, a consolidated variable interest entity, that are included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016. These assets and liabilities cannot be used to settle the obligations of Immucor, and are not Immucor s obligation to pay. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated financial information reflects the activity of Sentilus LLC and its related eliminations under the VIE and VIE Eliminations heading. The condensed consolidating financial information of the Company is as follows:   

21

Balance Sheets   
     
   IMMUCOR, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS   
   August 31, 2016   

(in thousands)  
  (Unaudited)  

22

IMMUCOR, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS   
   May 31, 2016   

(in thousands)  

23

Statements of Operations for the Quarter   
     
   IMMUCOR, INC.   
   CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
   Three Months Ended August 31, 2016   

(in thousands)  
  (Unaudited)  

(*) Cost of sales is exclusive of amortization expense which is shown separately within operating expenses.   

24

IMMUCOR, INC.   
   CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
   Three Months Ended August 31, 2015   

(in thousands)  
  (Unaudited)  

(*) Cost of sales is exclusive of amortization expense which is shown separately within operating expenses.   

25

Statements of Cash Flows for the   Three   Month periods   

IMMUCOR, INC.    
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING CASH FLOW INFORMATION   
   Three Months Ended August 31, 2016   

(in thousands)  
  (Unaudited)  

IMMUCOR, INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING CASH FLOW INFORMATION   
   Three Months Ended August 31, 2015   

(in thousands)  
  (Unaudited)  

17.    
 
   OTHER EQUITY MATTERS      
       
  In the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, the Company paid a dividend of $1.0 million to Parent to fund Sentilus LLC activities.  

18.    
 
   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      
       
       Legal Proceedings    
     
  Immucor and BioArray Solutions Limited ( BioArray ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Immucor, are defendants in an action brought in August 2014 by Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey ( Rutgers ), in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Middlesex County, alleging breach of contract and fraud claims under a patent license between Rutgers and BioArray. The Company has removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, and the plaintiffs are seeking to remand the case back to state court. The Company believes the claims are without merit and that it has meritorious defenses. The Company believes that liability is unlikely and that the amount of any liability is not currently reasonably estimable. Further, the Company believes that any potential liability would not be material to the Company s operations or to its financial condition.   

26

From time to time the Company is a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. However, the Company is not currently subject to any legal proceedings expected to have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, result of operations or cash flow.   
       
     Purchase Commitments     
       
  Purchase commitments made in the normal course of business were $42.2 million as of August 31, 2016. These purchases were primarily for inventory items. The following is a schedule of the approximate future payments for purchase commitments as of August 31, 2016 (in thousands):  

27

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
         
    Overview    
     
  We operate in the transfusion and transplantation in vitro diagnostics markets. Our products perform typing and screening of blood, organs or stem cells to ensure donor-recipient compatibility. Our offerings are targeted at hospitals, donor centers and reference laboratories around the globe.  
     
  We have manufacturing facilities in the United States ( U.S. ) and Canada and sell our products through both direct affiliate offices and third-party distribution arrangements.  
     
  We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to continuing compliance with multiple country-specific statutes, regulations and standards. For example, in the U.S. the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) regulates all aspects of the transfusion process, including the marketing of reagents and instruments used to determine compatibility. Additionally, we are subject to government legislation that governs the delivery of healthcare products and services.  
     
  Our automated instrument-reagent systems operate on a  razor/razor blade  model with our instruments serving as the  razors  and our reagents serving as the  razor blades.  For transfusion diagnostics, our instruments are  closed systems,  meaning our proprietary reagents can only be used on our instruments. For transplant diagnostics, our reagents run on Luminex instruments, which are open systems. The  razor/razor blade  business model generates a recurring revenue stream for us.  
     
   Results of Operations   
     
  The following table sets forth items from the consolidated statements of operations as reported for each period (in thousands of dollars, except percentages).  

(*) Cost of sales is exclusive of amortization expense which is shown separately within operating expenses.   
  (**) Calculation is not meaningful.  

28

Three Months Ended       August 31, 2016       and       August 31, 2015      :     
         
  Net sales were $98.6 million for the three months ended August 31, 2016 as compared with $96.7 million for the three months ended August 31, 2015, an increase of $1.9 million, or 1.9%. After adjusting for the impact of ship cycles and currency, net sales increased 3.5% in the fiscal first quarter compared with the prior year quarter. This increase in net sales is described in the discussion below on net sales by product group. Net sales by product group are presented in the following table (in thousands except percentages):   

Transfusion:  Net sales of our Transfusion products for the three months ended August 31, 2016 were $81.7 million as compared with $81.2 million for the three months ended August 31, 2015, an increase of $0.5 million, or 0.6%. The increase was due to additional instrument sales of $0.9 million throughout our primary markets but was partially offset by a decrease in product sales caused by the timing of ship cycles. After adjusting for the impact of ship cycles and currency, Transfusion net sales for the first quarter increased by 2.2%.  
     
   Transplant   Molecular:  Net sales of our Transplant and Molecular products were $16.9 million for the three months ended August 31, 2016 as compared with $15.5 million for the three months ended August 31, 2015, an increase of $1.4 million, or 8.8%. This increase in net sales was primarily due to growth in Transplant products in the U.S. and emerging markets, including growth in the base Transplant products and the MIA FORA NGS product. After adjusting for the impact of currency, net sales for the first quarter increased by 10.1% compared with the prior year period.   
     
  Gross profit increased by $0.1 million or 0.1% in the three months ended August 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended August 31, 2015. Gross profit as a percentage of consolidated net sales was 63.0% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 compared with 64.2% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. The lower gross profit percentage was primarily due to higher costs related to the closure of our Stamford, Connecticut manufacturing facility and other one-time expenses.  
     
  Research and development expenses were $9.0 million in the first quarter as compared with $6.8 million in the same period in the prior year, an increase of $2.2 million, or 31.7%. The increase was primarily due to additional expenses associated with increased activities relating to Sentilus and our recently acquired Sirona operation.   
     
  Selling and marketing expenses were $15.1 million in the first quarter as compared with $14.0 million in the same period in the prior year, an increase of $1.1 million, or 7.9%. The increase in selling and marketing expenses was driven by higher employee-related costs.  
     
  Distribution expenses were $4.1 million in the three months ended August 31, 2016 as compared with $4.4 million in the three months ended August 31, 2015, a decrease of $0.3 million, or 7.2%. The decrease in distribution expenses was primarily due to lower freight expenses.   
     
  General and administrative expenses were $11.5 million in the three months ended August 31, 2016 as compared with $10.7 million in the three months ended August 31, 2015, an increase of $0.8 million, or 7.5%. The increase was mainly due to one-time employee-related costs and the closure of our Stamford, Connecticut manufacturing facility.   

29

Amortization expense was $14.2 million in the three months ended August 31, 2016 as compared with $13.6 million in the three months ended August 31, 2015, an increase of $0.6 million, or 4.4%. The increase was primarily due to additional costs related to the Sirona acquisition.   
       
  Non-operating net expense was $23.7 million for the three months ended August 31, 2016 as compared with $22.6 million for the three months ended August 31, 2015, an increase of $1.1 million, or 5.0%.   The increase in non-operating net expense was mainly due to an increase in interest expense and an unfavorable change in the exchange gains and losses in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 as compared with the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. Interest expense increased primarily due to higher   accretion recorded on our contingent consideration liabilities due to the Sirona acquisition completed in March of fiscal year 2016.  
     
  The effective tax rate for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and for the three months ended August 31, 2015 was 34.7% and 28.3%, respectively.  The difference between the federal statutory rate and the effective tax rate for the quarters ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, was primarily due to the income subject to tax in the various tax jurisdictions with rates that differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate and the impact of recording U.S. income taxes associated with current and future distributions of foreign earnings.  
     
   Future Trends   
     
  With the acquisition of the Sirona business on March 4, 2016, and the planned increase in activities of the Sentilus LLC business, we expect that our research and development expenses will increase in fiscal year 2017 as compared to the previous year  .   Refer to Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the Sirona acquisition.   
     
  We plan to consolidate our LIFECODES facilities, and have announced the closure of our Stamford, Connecticut operation by April 2017. We anticipate that the costs involved in closing this facility will be recovered within approximately 12 months.   

N  on-GAAP   Disclosures   
       
   EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA   
     
  EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are both non-GAAP financial measures and are presented in this report because we consider them important supplemental measures of our performance and believe that they are frequently used by interested parties in the evaluation of companies in the industry. EBITDA, as we use it, is net income (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We believe that the presentation of EBITDA enhances an investor s understanding of our financial performance as the metric provides a view of the financial performance before financing and tax considerations. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated in a similar manner as EBITDA except that certain non-cash charges, unusual or non-recurring items and other items that we believe are not representative of our core business are excluded. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is also a metric used by management and investors to assess our financial performance from period to period and is the metric that is applied to valuation scenarios. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not purport to be an alternative to net income (loss) as a measure of operating performance or to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are:  

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect all cash expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;      

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital needs;       

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt; and      

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA can differ significantly from company to company depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which companies operate and capital investments, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.      

30

Because of these limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in our business. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on the GAAP results and using EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as supplemental information. Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 is calculated as follows (in thousands):   

i.   
 
  Represents non-cash stock-based compensation.     

ii.   
 
  Represents items related to acquisition activities including legal, accounting and other costs.      

iii.   
 
  Represents management fees and other charges associated with a management services agreement with TPG Capital, L.P.      

iv.   
 
  Represents non-cash expenses, such as deferred rent.      

v.   
 
  Represents certain items we believe are not representative of our core business that are not included in the adjustments above, including personnel and business optimization costs.     

vi.   
 
  Excludes Adjusted EBITDA amounts attributable to Sentilus LLC.      

Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
    Cash flow    
     
  Our principal source of liquidity is our operating cash flow, which is expected to be positive on an annual basis. This cash-generating capability is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with substantial financial flexibility in meeting our operating, investing and financing requirements.   
     
  In the first three months of fiscal year 2017, our cash and cash equivalents decreased by $0.6 million to $9.7 million as of August 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily due to cash used by operating activities of $17.2 million, by investing activities of $3.0 million, as well as repayments of our long-term debt of $1.7 million in the first three months of fiscal year 2017. These decreases in cash and cash equivalents were partially offset by cash provided from net borrowings of $21.0 million from our Revolving Facilities. The cash balance at August 31, 2016 includes cash of $8.0 million that is held by our subsidiaries outside of the United States. We are not permanently reinvested in our subsidiaries and can repatriate these funds, if needed, to support future debt payments.  
     
  In the first three months of fiscal year 2016, our cash and cash equivalents increased by $0.7 million to $19.0 million as of August 31, 2015. The increase was primarily due to net borrowings from our Revolving Facility of $16.0 million partially offset by $7.9 million of cash used in operating activities, $5.8 million used in investing activities, and $1.7 million used for repayments of our long-term debt.     
         
    Operating activities    
   
  Operating activities used $17.2 million of cash and cash equivalents in the first three months of fiscal year 2017 as compared with $7.9 million of cash used by operating activities in the first three months of fiscal year 2016. The increase in cash used by operating activities was due to increased working capital requirements primarily driven by an increase in accounts receivable balances from higher net sales in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, an increase in inventories, reflecting changes in inventory to meet expected future needs, and a decrease in accounts payable mainly due to the timing of payments.             

31

Investing activities    

In the first three months of fiscal year 2017, we used $2.8 million of cash to purchase property and equipment and to upgrade certain financial and operating systems. In the first three months of fiscal year 2016, we used $2.0 million of cash to purchase property and equipment, upgrade certain financial systems and implement a new financial consolidations application, $3.1 million to fund an additional loan to Sirona and $0.8 million to acquire the assets of a Reference Lab.   
     
    Financing activities    
       
  In the first three months of fiscal year 2017, we used cash from financing activities of $1.7 million for repayments of our long-term debt. We borrowed $32.0 million and repaid $11.0 million from our Revolving Facilities, and had $21.0 million outstanding under our Revolving Facilities as of August 31, 2016. In addition, we paid a $1.0 million dividend to IVD Holdings B Inc. to fund the activities of Sentilus LLC, and received $1.0 million in proceeds from a capital contribution to the noncontrolling interest. In the first three months of fiscal year 2016, we used cash from financing activities of $1.7 million for repayments of our long-term debt, and we borrowed $20.0 million from our Revolving Facility and repaid $4.0 million, with $16.0 million outstanding under our Revolving Facility as of August 31, 2015.   
         
    Future Cash Requirements and Restrictions    
     
  Our Term Loan Facility requires quarterly principal payments equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of the loan with the balance due and payable on August 19, 2018.  Required principal and interest payments related to our Term Loan Facility are $6.6 million and $32.3 million, respectively, for the next 12 months.  Required interest payments related to the Notes is $44.5 million for the next 12 months.  The Senior Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of the tangible and intangible assets of our U.S. subsidiaries and the pledge of 65% of the stock of our foreign subsidiaries.  As of August 31, 2016, we had principal of $1,040.1 million of long-term borrowings outstanding under our Term Loan Facility and the Notes, and $21.0 million outstanding on the Revolving Facilities.  Our net total available borrowings under our Revolving Facilities was $59.0 million as of August 31, 2016.   
         
  We expect that recurring capital expenditures during fiscal year 2017 will range from $10.0 million to $12.0 million. These expenditures will be used to purchase equipment that increases or enhances capacity and productivity, upgrade certain financial systems, and expand capacity at our facility in Waukesha, Wisconsin. These expenditures exclude the purchase of instrument assets that are used in equipment rental agreements with our customers, which is reflected in non-cash investing and financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.   

Management believes that existing cash and cash equivalent balances, cash provided from operations, and borrowings available under the Revolving Facilities of our Senior Credit Facilities will provide sufficient liquidity to meet the operating and capital expenditure needs for existing operations during the next twelve months.   

Commitments and Contractual Obligations    
       
  As of August 31, 2016, our material cash commitments and contractual obligations have not changed significantly from those disclosed in our Annual Report for the year ended May 31, 2016.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
       
  We have no off-balance sheet financial arrangements as of August 31, 2016.   

Critical Accounting Policies   
       
  Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which often require the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. We discuss our critical accounting policies in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K.   There have been no other significant changes in our critical accounting policies since May 31, 2016.  

32

Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements   
       
  This document contains  forward-looking statements,  which include information concerning our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or performance, capital expenditures, financing needs and other statements that are not related to present facts or current conditions or that are not purely historical. Many of these statements appear, in particular, under the headings  Business  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  When used in this report, the words  estimate,   expect,   anticipate,   project,   plan,   intend,   believe  and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements, including our examination of operating trends, are based upon our current expectations and various assumptions. We believe there is a reasonable basis for our expectations and beliefs, but there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations or that our beliefs will prove correct.   
     
  There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed as forward-looking statements include but are not limited to:  

our substantial indebtedness;  

lower industry blood demand;  

lower than expected demand for our instruments;  

the decision of customers to defer capital spending;  

the failure of customers to efficiently integrate our products into their operations;   

the rate of adoption by customers of new technologies and products;   

increased competition;      

product development, manufacturing and regulatory obstacles;      

the failure to successfully integrate and capitalize on past or future acquisitions;     

general economic conditions; and     

other risks and uncertainties discussed in this report, particularly in  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.      
     
  There may be other factors of which we are currently unaware of or deem immaterial that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.  
     
  All forward-looking statements attributable to us apply only as of the date they are made and are expressly made subject to the cautionary statements included in this report. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date they were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  
     
  Additional information concerning these and other factors which could cause differences between forward-looking statements and future actual results is discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in ITEM 1A of this report, and in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2016.  

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
       
  As of August 31, 2016, there have been no material changes regarding our market risk position from those disclosed in Item 7A,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2016.   

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures   
     
  As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2016. Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of August 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

33

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended August 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II   
       
   OTHER INFORMATION   
       
   ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings   
       
  We (Immucor, Inc. and BioArray Solutions Limited ( BioArray ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Immucor, Inc.) are defendants in an action brought in August 2014 by Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey ( Rutgers ), in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Middlesex County, alleging breach of contract and fraud claims under a patent license between Rutgers and BioArray. We have removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, and the plaintiffs are seeking to remand the case back to state court. We believe the claims are without merit and that we have meritorious defenses. We believe that liability is unlikely and that the amount of any liability is not currently reasonably estimable. We also believe that any potential liability would not be material to our operations or to our financial condition.   
     
  From time to time, we are a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. However, we are not currently subject to any legal proceedings expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors    
     
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2016. In addition to the other information included in this report, carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or operating results.   

ITEM 5. Other   I  nformation   
       
  None  

34

ITEM 6. Exhibits    

101.SCH   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema *     

101.CAL   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation *     

101.DEF   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition *     

101.LAB   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label *     

101.PRE   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation *     
     
  *   XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.  

SIGNATURES  
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

IMMUCOR, INC.  
  (Registrant)  

Date:            October 17, 2016              

By:   
 
   /s/ Jeffrey R. Binder                                         

Jeffrey R. Binder, President and Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Date:            October 17, 2016              

By:   
 
   /s/ Dominique Petitgenet                                

Dominique Petitgenet, Chief Financial Officer and  
 Vice President, Operations   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     

35    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
   ex31-1.htm 

Exhibit 31.1  
     
  I, Jeffrey R. Binder, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Immucor, Inc.;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:     

a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     
     
  Date: October 17, 2016  
     
   /s/     Jeffrey R. Binder                                                                        
  Jeffrey R. Binder  
  President and Chief Executive Officer   
  (Principal Executive Officer)      

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
   ex31-2.htm 

Exhibit 31.2  
     
  I, Dominique Petitgenet, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Immucor, Inc.;     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.   
 
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-l5(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:     

a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     
     
  Date: October 17, 2016  
     
   /s/ Dominique Petitgenet                                      
  Dominique Petitgenet  
  Chief Financial Officer   
  (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
   ex32-1.htm 

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,    
   As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 31, 2016 (the  Report ) of Immucor, Inc. (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I certify, to the best of my knowledge, that:  
     
  (1)     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
     
  (2)     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.  

October 17, 2016   
 
  By:    
 
  /s/  Jeffrey R. Binder  

Jeffrey R. Binder   

President and Chief Executive Officer  
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2
 
   ex32-2.htm 

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,    
   As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 31, 2016 (the  Report ) of Immucor, Inc. (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I certify, to the best of my knowledge, that:  
     
  (1)     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
     
  (2)     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.  

October 17, 2016   
 
  By:    
 
  /s/  Dominique Petitgenet  

Dominique Petitgenet   

Chief Financial Officer   
  (Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 blud-20160831.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 blud-20160831.xsd
 EXHIBIT 101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 blud-20160831_cal.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 blud-20160831_def.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 blud-20160831_lab.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 blud-20160831_pre.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

