<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161117_10-K-A_edgar_data_1053369_0001144204-16-135165_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>177726</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66064</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>89453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-135165.hdr.sgml : 20161117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161117160420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-135165
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20110331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ELITE PHARMACEUTICALS INC /NV/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001053369
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				223542636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15697
		FILM NUMBER:		162004980

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		165 LUDLOW AVENUE
		CITY:			NORTHVALE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07647
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2017502646

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		165 LUDLOW AVENUE
		CITY:			NORTHVALE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07647

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ELITE PHARMACEUTICALS INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-135165.txt : 20161117

10-K/A
 1
 v453384_10ka.htm
 FORM 10-K/A

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-K/A  

  (Amendment No. 1)  

 (MARK ONE) 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED   MARCH
31, 2011  

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________
TO __________ 

Commission File Number: 001   15697 

ELITE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

165 Ludlow Avenue, Northvale, New Jersey
07647  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(201) 750   2646  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities Registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class  
       
      Name of Exchange on Which Registered   
 
      None  

Securities Registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
        is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act  
       
      Yes      
      No   x   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act  
       
      Yes      
      No   x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for at least the past 90 days.  
       
      Yes   x  
      No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    
       
      Yes   x  
      No       

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K.  
       
      Yes      
      No   x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer   
       Accelerated Filer   
       Non-Accelerated Filer   
       Smaller Reporting Company    

x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

  Yes
                                                No
  x  

State the aggregate market value of the
voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (for purposes of determining this amount,
only directors, executive officers and, based on Schedule 13(d) filings as of September 30, 2010, 10% or greater stockholders,
and their respective affiliates, have been deemed affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive
determination for other purposes). 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

 None. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE  

This Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A ( Amendment
No. 1 ) amends our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011 that was filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on June 29, 2011 (the  Original Filing ). We are filing this Amendment No. 1 solely
for the purpose of attaching as Exhibit 10.71 an unredacted copy of the June 23, 2011 Manufacturing   Supply Agreement between
Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) and ThePharmaNetwork, LLC. 

As required by Rule 12b-15 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Item 15 of Part IV of the Original Filing has been amended to contain currently dated certifications
from our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The currently dated certifications are attached hereto as Exhibits
31.1 and 31.2. Because no financial statements of Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc. are contained in this Amendment No. 1, we are not
including certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

No other changes, other than described above,
are made to the Original Filing other than to update the cover page of the Original Filing. Unless expressly stated, this Amendment
No. 1 does not reflect events occurring after the filing of the Original Filing, nor does it modify or update in any way the disclosures
contained in the Original Filing. Accordingly, this Amendment No. 1 should be read in conjunction with our Original Filing and
our other filings made with the SEC subsequent to the filing of the Original Filing. 

Table of Contents 

PART IV   

ITEM 15  
       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES   
      2   

SIGNATURES   
       
      3   

PART IV  

ITEM 15.    
       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES.     

(a)  
      The following are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K   

(1)  
      The financial statements and schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

(2)  
      The Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and listed below in the  Index to Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K.    

(b)  
      The Exhibits are filed with or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K   

(c)  
      None   

Index to Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

* Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Amendment No. 1 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

ELITE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

By:    
      /s/ Nasrat Hakim   

Nasrat Hakim   

Chief Executive Officer   

Dated: November 16, 2016   

By:  
      /s/ Carter J. Ward   

Carter J. Ward   

Chief Financial Officer   

Dated: November 16, 2016   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Amendment No. 1 has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

<EX-10.71>
 2
 v453384_ex10-71.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.71

Exhibit 10.71  

MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT  

This Manufacturing
and Supply Agreement (the  Manufacturing Agreement  ) is entered into as of the 23rd day of June, 2011 (the   Effective
Date  ), by and between ThePharmaNetwork, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Ascend
Laboratories, LLC (together  TPN ), and Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Elite Laboratories, Inc. (a subsidiary of Elite
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), both Delaware corporations ( ELITE ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, ELITE and
TPN (the  Parties ) entered into a Product Collaboration Agreement ( Collaboration Agreement ) on November
10, 2006 to collaborate in the development, commercialization, manufacturing and distribution of a generic Methadone Hydrochloride,
10 mg tablets pursuant to ANDA #090635 (the  Product ); 

WHEREAS, by Settlement
Agreement, made as of March 11, 2011 ( Settlement Agreement ), the Parties terminated and settled the Collaboration
Agreement whereby Elite has agreed to relinquish to TPN all rights and interest in the ANDA in exchange for the payment of certain
amount; 

WHEREAS, ELITE is engaged
in the manufacture and commercialization of pharmaceutical products; 

WHEREAS, ELITE wishes
to supply TPN with pharmaceutical products on the terms and conditions set forth in this Manufacturing Agreement; 

WHEREAS, TPN desires
to have ELITE supply TPN with Product on the terms and conditions set forth in this Manufacturing Agreement; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Manufacturing Agreement, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

 DEFINITIONS 

Capitalized terms used in this Manufacturing
Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Article 1 or as otherwise set forth herein. Unless the context indicates
otherwise, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. 

1.1.          
 Act  means the United States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

1.2.          
 Affiliates  means a corporation or any other entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the designated party, but only for so long as the relationship exists.
 Control  shall mean ownership of shares of stock having at least 50% of the voting power entitled to vote for the election
of directors in the case of a corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the owners of preferred stock (or common stock issued
upon conversion thereof) of either party such as financial institutions, venture capital funds and private equity investors shall
not be its  Affiliates  for purposes of this Manufacturing Agreement. 

1.3.           ANDA 
means Abbreviated New Drug Application No. 0090635 pursuant to Section 505 of the Act (21 U.S.C. Section 355) submitted by TPN
to the FDA for approval to market and duly approved by the FDA on November 25, 2009. 

1.4.           ELITE 
shall mean Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Elite Laboratories, Inc. (a subsidiary of Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), both Delaware
corporations 

1.5.          
 API  shall mean the active pharmaceutical ingredient of the Product. 

1.6.           
 Batch  means a specific
quantity of Product as set forth on Exhibit A that is intended to have uniform character and quality, within specified limits,
and is produced according to a single manufacturing order during the same cycle of manufacture. 

1.7.         
 Certificate of Analysis  means a certificate issued by the manufacturer of a lot or batch of a Product, which certificate
contains such information as provided in the Quality Agreement (as defined below). 

1.8.           cGMP 
means the current standards for the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, as set forth in the United States Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act, as amended, and applicable regulations and guidance promulgated there under, including without limitation the Code of Federal
Regulations, as amended from time to time. 

1.9.            DEA  means the United
States Drug Enforcement Agency or any successor United States governmental agency performing similar functions with respect to
controlled substances. 

1.10          Facility 
means any ELITE manufacturing and packaging facility and Epic Pharm LLC (Laurelton, NY) packaging facility. 

1.10.          FDA 
means the United States Food and Drug Administration or any successor United States governmental agency performing similar functions
with respect to pharmaceutical products. 

1.11          Forecast 
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4. 

1.12          Initial
Term  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 

1.13.          Laws 
means any present and future national, state, or local law (whether under statute, rule, regulation, or otherwise); requirements
under permits, orders, decrees, judgments, or directives; and requirements of a Regulatory Agency and any other applicable government
authorities, including without limitation Good Manufacturing Practices as promulgated by the United States Food and Drug Administration
and specified in the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Parts 210 and 211, as amended from time to time. The determination of either
Party to this Manufacturing Agreement that a Legal Requirement is necessary shall be dispositive for purposes of this Manufacturing
Agreement. 

1.14.          Collaboration
Agreement  means the written agreement entered into by ELITE and TPN as of the 10th day of November, 2006 titled  Product
Collaboration Agreement . 

1.15.          TPN 
shall mean ThePharmaNetwork, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, and its wholly owned subsidiary, Ascend Laboratories,
LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company 

1.16.          Product 
means the finished pharmaceutical products identified in the attached Exhibit A. 

1.17.          Product
Specifications  means the written specifications for the Product approved by the FDA, and delivered to ELITE thereafter as
Exhibit B of this Manufacturing Agreement. 

1.18.          Quality
Agreement  means the agreement to be entered into by the Parties hereto concurrently herewith, setting out the quality assurance
standards to be applicable to the manufacturing services provided by ELITE as set forth in Exhibit C. 

1.19           Release
Certificate  means a document, also known as a  Certificate of Compliance  or  COC  confirming that
the Product to which such document refers has been manufactured in accordance with, and in all respects complies with the ANDA,
the Product Specifications and cGMP. 

1.20          Renewal
Term  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 

1.21          Settlement
Agreement  means the written agreement entered into by ELITE and TPN as of the 11th day of March, 2011 titled  Settlement
Agreement.  

1.22.          Shipments 
means all shipments made hereunder of Product. 

1.23.          Territory 
means the United States. 

1.24.          United
States  means the United States of America and its states, territories, possessions and protectorates thereof, the District
of Columbia and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 

ARTICLE 2  

  SUPPLY OF PRODUCT  

2.1.           Supply.
During the Term of this Manufacturing Agreement as defined below, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, TPN
agrees to purchase Product it requires exclusively from ELITE pursuant to this Manufacturing Agreement and ELITE agrees to supply
the Product exclusively to TPN, from the Facility, such Product as is ordered by TPN. 

(a)          Product
supplied hereunder shall be supplied as specified in TPN's purchase orders made pursuant to this Article 2 and shall meet the Product
Specifications. 

(b)          Each
shipment shall be accompanied by a Certificate of Analysis in English, a Release Certificate and any other documentation required
by Laws. 

(c)          Product
shall be manufactured in accordance with cGMP and all other applicable Laws and any procedures set forth in the Product Specifications
and Quality Agreement, and such additional procedures as may be agreed upon in writing by the Parties. 

(d)          Product
shall be purchased by TPN under this Manufacturing Agreement at the prices set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. 

(e)          Neither
Elite nor any of its Affiliates shall supply, solicit, or arrange for, or take orders for the supply of the Product for any person
(including any Affiliates) for the purpose of manufacturing, marketing and/or selling the Product for sale in the Territory. 

(f)           Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Manufacturing Agreement and subject to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, TPN acknowledges
that ELITE may develop a generic product containing methadone of any strength (including the filing of an abbreviated new drug
application relating to such product) and (ii) nothing herein shall be construed to limit or otherwise restrict ELITE from developing,
commercializing, manufacturing and distributing any pharmaceutical product similar to, or which may compete with, the Product or
the ANDA. 

(g)          TPN
shall be responsible for the procurement of all API used in connection with the manufacture of the Product; provided, however that
all quality assurance work shall be performed by Elite. Vendor qualification for a new API source shall be at TPN s cost. 

2.2.         Product
Orders. 

(a)          From
time to time and subject to the other provisions of this Manufacturing Agreement, TPN shall place orders for Batch quantities of
Product, specifying delivery dates. Within three (3) days after receipt of TPN s purchase order, ELITE shall by written notice
(which can be by email) confirm to TPN the amount of the Product ordered and the delivery date(s). Acceptance of product orders
shall be contingent upon sufficient quantities of API being available in inventory. Subject to the terms of this Manufacturing
Agreement, ELITE shall meet specified delivery dates, provided the delivery dates specified in any such orders shall not be less
than ninety (90) days from the date of such orders. 

(b)          ELITE
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate a TPN request for delivery of the Product sooner than as otherwise is
required under this Manufacturing Agreement; and, if TPN s business conditions necessitate reduction of Product amount ordered
or delay in purchase order delivery dates, then ELITE shall use commercially reasonable efforts to implement such requested changes,
provided that, if such changes cause ELITE to incur additional expenses, ELITE shall specify such additional expenses in writing
and provide such substantiating documentation reasonably requested by TPN, and ELITE shall make such changes upon TPN s written
prior approval of the additional costs. TPN shall pay such additional expenses as and when incurred. 

2.3.        Acceptance.
ELITE shall ensure that the Product ordered by TPN in accordance with this Manufacturing Agreement is shipped in accordance with
the delivery dates specified in TPN's purchase order received by ELITE, and ELITE shall notify TPN promptly of any anticipated
delay 

2.4.        Forecasts
and Production Planning. 

(a)          Within
fifteen days (15) business days of the Effective Date, TPN will provide ELITE with a written forecast of its requirements for the
Product for the next twelve (12) months (a  Forecast ). 

(b)          It
is agreed by the Parties that the first three months of the twelve (12) month forecast are binding on TPN ( Firm Period ).
It is understood that such Forecasts for the remaining nine (9) months are intended to be good faith estimates only, and shall
not be binding upon TPN subject to Section 7.3(a)(ii). 

(c)          If
this Manufacturing Agreement is renewed under Section 7.1, then during each successive year on or about the fifteenth day after
renewal, TPN shall provide ELITE with a twelve (12) month forecast of the quantity of Product required by TPN, by month, for the
following twelve (12) months each, a Forecast. 

(d)          To
the extent that Product orders specified for shipment in any quarter exceed the most recent TPN Forecast for such quarter by more
than twenty percent (20%) (any excess of twenty percent (20%) or less shall, for this purpose, be deemed not to exceed forecast),
ELITE shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to fulfill any such excess contained in TPN's Product orders, but ELITE shall
not be liable to TPN for any inability, despite its reasonable efforts, to fill orders in excess of such forecast. 

2.5.         Delivery. 

(a)          All
Products shall be delivered FOB, Elite s or Epic Pharma s loading dock unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing
by the Parties. Risk of loss or of damage to the Product shall remain with ELITE until Product is loaded onto the carrier's vehicle
in the United States at which time risk of loss or damage shall transfer to TPN. ELITE shall use a shipper designated by TPN. Product
shall be transported in accordance with the Product Specifications and other applicable Laws. 

(b)          To
accommodate production variances, a Batch quantity Product order shall be considered filled by Elite if the amount shipped is at
least 90% of the quantity specified for a Batch in Exhibit A. 

(c)          ELITE
shall deliver the Product to TPN with at least eighteen (18) months of remaining shelf life at the shipment date unless TPN requests
for a delay in shipment set forth in Section 2.2(b). 

2.7.         Delays.
During the Term of this Manufacturing Agreement, if ELITE is not able to timely meet Product orders submitted by TPN pursuant to
Section 2.2, ELITE shall promptly notify TPN of the reason for the delay and the date delivery of Product is expected to occur
If shipment is delayed more than 5 business days beyond the date of delivery for reasons other than API supply (including DEA quota
issues), then ELITE shall be responsible for any and all customer bill back penalty actually incurred and documented by TPN to
be paid by ELITE within fifteen (15) days from receipt of such invoice. 

2.8          Failure
to Supply. In the event that at any time ELITE foresees that it will be unable to supply to TPN in whole or in part an ordered
or forecasted quantity of the Product by the delivery date for any reason, including Section 9.1 ( Force Majeure ) hereof,
ELITE shall notify TPN of such inability as soon as possible, the reasons therefor and the date such inability is expected to end,
the quantities of Product available during such period and the proposed amount of resources allocated to TPN in the event such
inability is caused by a shortage resources required for the manufacture of the Product. Once the shortage is resolved, then TPN
shall be allocated manufacturing resources based on prorated 12 month average from TPN s Forecast. 

2.9         TPN
shall be entitled to reject any portion of any shipment of Product that is damaged or deviates materially from the Specifications,
the Quality Agreement, cGMP or other Laws without invalidating any remainder of such shipment. TPN shall inspect the Product manufactured
by ELITE upon receipt thereof and shall give ELITE written notice (a   Deficiency Notice  ) of all claims for
Product that deviate materially from the Specifications, the Quality Agreement, cGMP or other Laws within thirty (30) days after
TPN  receipt thereof. Should TPN fail to provide ELITE with the Deficiency Notice within the applicable 30-day period, then
the delivery shall be deemed to have been accepted by TPN on the 30th day after delivery. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Product
is damaged or deviates materially from the Specifications, the Quality Agreement, cGMP or other Laws due to defects not readily
discoverable using commercially reasonable efforts to discover such defects within thirty (30) days after TPN  receipt thereof
(such defects,   Latent Defects  ), TPN (or its nominee) shall give ELITE a Deficiency Notice of such Latent Defect
which shall not be more than fifteen (15) days after TPN s discovery thereof. 

ARTICLE 3  

  PRICING AND PAYMENT  

3.1.         Price.
Subject to the remainder of this Article 3, the price to be paid by TPN for Product from ELITE shall be as set forth on Exhibit
A. 

3.2.         Price
Adjustment. If this Manufacturing Agreement shall be renewed and continue in place more than three (3) years from the Effective
Date, then ELITE may adjust the Product price for increases in manufacturing costs determined according to GAAP. Any price increase
shall not exceed the increase in the United States Producers' Price Index, Pharmaceuticals Preparations, NAICS 325412, during the
period since the last increase. 

3.3.         Invoicing
and Payment. Payment terms by TPN for Product supplied by ELITE hereunder meeting Product Specifications shall be net 30 days by
check or wire transfer, and shall be made without set-off and free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding for or
on account of any taxes, duties, levies, fees or charges, except as otherwise permitted under this Manufacturing Agreement. Any
balances overdue by 60 days shall be charged at the rate of 1% per month. Product shall be invoiced no sooner than the date of
shipment by ELITE. If TPN disputes any invoice, TPN shall notify ELITE that it disputes the accuracy of such invoice specifying
in particularity such inaccuracy. TPN and ELITE shall make good faith efforts to resolve any disputes within fifteen (15) days
thereafter and subject to Section 7.2 a(iii). Any amounts that are disputed shall be due upon the resolution of such dispute. 

ARTICLE 4  

  QUALITY AND REGULATORY MATTERS  

In conjunction with the execution of this
Manufacturing Agreement, the Parties shall execute a Quality Agreement in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto. 

ARTICLE 5  

  WARRANTIES  

5.1.        Compliance
with cGMP. ELITE warrants that any Product supplied by it hereunder shall be manufactured in accordance with cGMP. 

5.2.        Conformity
with Specifications. ELITE warrants that, at the time of shipment any Product supplied by it hereunder shall meet the Product Specifications
except for any failure to meet Product Specifications arising from the handling, packaging or other act or omission of TPN or subsequent
entity handling the Product. 

5.3.        ELITE
Representations. ELITE hereby represents and warrants to TPN that (a) it has obtained all necessary licenses, authorizations and
approvals required by applicable Law, including those required by the FDA, DEA or any other applicable regulatory agency to enter
into this Manufacturing Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder; (b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Manufacturing
Agreement by ELITE does not conflict with or constitute a material breach of any order, judgment, agreement, or instrument to which
it is a party; (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Manufacturing Agreement by ELITE does not require the consent
of any person; (d) none of its officers or directors has ever been debarred or convicted of a felony under the laws of the United
States for conduct relating to the development or approval of a drug product or relating to the marketing or sale of a drug product. 

5.4.        Certificate
of Analysis and Release Certificate. ELITE warrants that the Certificate of Analysis, Release Certificate and all other records
and documents created by ELITE and provided to TPN will be true and correct. 

5.5.        Nonconformance
and Procedures to Address. 

(a)          Nonconformance.
If TPN discovers any material nonconformance ( Nonconformance ) of Product under this Manufacturing Agreement, TPN
shall give prompt written notice to ELITE specifying the Nonconformance. 

(b)          Procedure
for Nonconformance. Upon notifying ELITE of any Nonconformance of Product TPN shall afford ELITE a reasonable opportunity to inspect
the Product in question and make an appropriate adjustment or replacement. The Parties shall submit any dispute regarding quality
of the Nonconformance of Product to Consumer Product Testing Co., Inc. or Gibraltar Laboratories, Inc., the determination of which
shall be binding on the Parties and the costs of which shall be borne by the Party against whom such determination is rendered.
If such laboratory confirms a Nonconformance of the Product in question (or any part of it) at the time of delivery to the carrier,
or if the Parties agree that there is a Nonconformance, then, in addition to other remedies that may be available, ELITE shall
promptly refund or provide a credit for any money paid by TPN (including shipping costs) with respect to such Nonconforming Product.
ELITE may, at its sole option, either direct TPN to return nonconforming Product to ELITE or have it destroyed by TPN, and certify
such destruction to ELITE, all at ELITE s expense. 

5.6.       TPN
Representations. TPN hereby represents and warrants to ELITE that (a) it has obtained all necessary licenses, authorizations and
approvals required by applicable Law, including those required by the FDA, DEA or any other applicable regulatory agency to enter
into this Manufacturing Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder; (b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Manufacturing
Agreement by TPN does not conflict with or constitute a material breach of any order, judgment, agreement, or instrument to which
it is a party; (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Manufacturing Agreement by TPN does not require the consent
of any person; (d) none of its officers or directors has ever been debarred or convicted of a felony under the laws of the United
States for conduct relating to the development or approval of a drug product or relating to the marketing or sale of a drug product. 

ARTICLE 6  

  INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE  

6.1.        ELITE
Indemnity. Subject to Sections 6.2 and 6.4, ELITE shall indemnify and hold harmless TPN and its Affiliates against all third party
claims, actions, costs, expenses, including court costs and legal fees or other third party liabilities (  Third Party Liabilities
 ) whatsoever in respect of: 

(a)          ELITE's
and/or its Affiliates', subcontractors' or suppliers' failure to comply with the Product Specifications, cGMP or applicable Laws; 

(b)          the
storage or handling of the Product after the Effective Date by ELITE or any third party, other than a third party acting on behalf
of TPN or its Affiliates; 

(c)          any
material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or similar promise made under this Manufacturing Agreement or arising
out of this Manufacturing Agreement; 

(d)          any
negligence or willful misconduct by ELITE and/or any of its employees; and 

(e)          for
any Product that is recalled or withdrawn from the market by reason of ELITE s material breach of any warranty or other covenant
under this Manufacturing Agreement, TPN will be entitled to reimbursement of any and all documented costs associated with a recall
or withdrawal, including the cost of the Product, legal and regulatory consulting fees incurred and reasonable costs associated
with compliance with the recall or withdrawal (including penalties). If it is determined that the recall or withdrawal should extend
to the Product packaged into unit dose or distributed by TPN, then reimbursement to TPN will be extended to include all its expenses
of compliance, including manufacturing and packaging costs and materials, return fees, distributor reimbursement, processing expense
such as customer notification and returns, shipping, disposal and penalty costs associated with the Product of the recalled or
withdrawn lots only. 

6.2.        TPN
Indemnity. Subject to Sections 6.1 and 6.4, TPN shall indemnify and hold harmless ELITE and its Affiliates against all Third Party
Liabilities whatsoever in respect of: 

(a)          the
use, marketing, storage, distribution, handling or sale of the Product after the Effective Date by TPN or any third party, other
than a third party acting on behalf of ELITE or its Affiliates; 

(b)          any
product liability in connection with the Product caused by TPN or any third party acting on behalf of TPN or its Affiliates; 

(c)          any
negligent or wrongful act by TPN and any material breach by TPN of any representation or warranty, covenant or similar promise
made under this Manufacturing Agreement or arising out of this Manufacturing Agreement. 

6.3.         Procedures
for Indemnification. In the event that a Party (the   Indemnified Party  ) is seeking indemnification under Sections
6.1 or 6.2, the Indemnified Party shall inform the other Party (the   Indemnifying Party  ) of a claim as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Indemnified Party receives notice of the claim, shall permit the Indemnifying Party to assume direction and
control of the defense of the claim, and shall cooperate as requested by the Indemnifying Party (at the expense of the Indemnifying
Party) in the defense of the claim; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action include both the Indemnified Party
and the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions
of the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal defenses
available to it that are different from or additional to those available to the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party shall
have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action
or on behalf of the Indemnified Party. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party,
settle or compromise or consent to the entry of judgment with respect to any pending or threatened action or claim whatsoever,
in respect of which indemnification could be sought under Sections 6.1 or 6.2 (whether or not the Indemnified Party is an actual
or potential party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of the Indemnified
Party in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such action or claim
and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of the Indemnified
Party. The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for settlement of any pending or threatened action or any claim whatsoever that
is effected without its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

6.4.         Mitigation.
In the event of any occurrence which may result in either Party becoming liable under Section 6.1 or Section 6.2, each Party shall
use its best efforts to take such actions as may be reasonably necessary to mitigate the damages payable by the other Party under
Section 6.1 or Section 6.2, as the case may be. 

6.5.         Limitation
of Liability. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTIES FOR ANY CLAIMS RELATED TO LOST PROFITS AND GOODWILL, WHETHER BASED
UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF THIS MANUFACTURING
AGREEMENT. 

6.6.         Insurance.
Each Party shall maintain commercial general liability insurance through the term of this Manufacturing Agreement upon launch of
the Product, which insurance shall afford limits of not less than $5,000,000 for each occurrence and $5,000,000 in the aggregate
per annum for personal injury or property damage liability. Furthermore, each Party shall maintain product liability insurance,
through the term of this Manufacturing Agreement upon launch of the Product and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, which
insurance shall afford limits of not less than $5,000,000 per claim and in the aggregate per annum with respect to product and
completed operations liability. This insurance shall be written to cover claims incurred, discovered, manifested, or made during
or after the expiration of this Manufacturing Agreement. Each Party shall provide the other with a certificate of insurance evidencing
the above and showing the name of the issuing company, the policy number, the effective date, the expiration date and the limits
of liability. The insurance certificate shall further provide for a minimum of thirty (30) days' written notice to the insured
of a cancellation of, or material change in, the insurance. If a Party is unable to maintain the insurance policies required under
this Manufacturing Agreement through no fault on the part of such Party, then such Party shall forthwith notify the other Party
in writing and the Parties shall in good faith negotiate appropriate amendments to the insurance provision of this Manufacturing
Agreement in order to provide adequate assurances. 

ARTICLE 7  

  TERM AND TERMINATION  

7.1.        Term.
The initial term (the   Initial Term  ) of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue
for one year from the first delivery date; thereafter, the term of this Agreement shall be extended for successive two (2) year
terms (each a   Renewal Term  ) upon the mutual written agreement of the Parties entered into at least six (6)
months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or a Renewal Term. 

7.2             Termination.  

(a)          Either
Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement by notice to the other Party if: 

(i)           Material
Breach.  By either Party, in the event that the other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement and such breach shall
not have been cured within forty-five (45) days after the giving of written notice of such material breach, unless (a) the specific
provision to which such breach relates expressly provides for a different period, or (b) the Parties mutually agree in writing
to an extension of such forty-five (45)-day period (the   Cure Period  ). Unless such breach is cured during the
Cure Period, such termination shall be effective immediately upon the expiration of the Cure Period without any further action
or notice by the non-breaching Party; 

(ii)          Failure
to Make Payment.  By ELITE, in the event that TPN breaches any of its obligations to make payment to ELITE under this Agreement,
and such breach is not cured within forty-five (45) days of the giving by ELITE of written notice of such breach (the   Payment
Cure Period  ). Unless such breach is cured during the Payment Cure Period, such termination shall be effective immediately
upon the expiration of the Payment Cure Period without any further action or notice by ELITE. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Payment Cure Period shall be tolled pending a good faith effort to resolve any bona fide dispute between the Parties as to whether
such payment is due, subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(1)         TPN
(x) gives written notice to ELITE during the Payment Cure Period of the existence of a bona fide dispute regarding such payment
and (y) pays ELITE the undisputed portion of such amount; and 

(2)         the
Parties shall use good faith efforts to resolve such dispute as soon as practicable (such Payment Cure Period to resume running
if such dispute is not resolved prior to the expiration of fifteen (15)-days after the commencement of a bona fide dispute). 

(iii)         Insolvency
Proceeding.  

(1)         By
either Party on written notice to the other Party, which termination shall have an immediate effect, if such other Party at any
time (w) commences a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself
or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar Law or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator,
custodian or similar official of it or of any substantial part of its property, (x) consents to any such relief or to the appointment
of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, (y) makes a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors or (z) takes any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing; 

(2)         By
either Party on written notice to the other Party, which termination shall have an immediate effect, if such other at any time
has an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect
to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar Law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment
of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property and such
involuntary case or other proceeding remains undismissed and unstayed for a period of ninety (90) days or an order for relief is
entered against such Party under Applicable Laws; 

(3)         By
either Party giving thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party, which termination shall be effective on the expiration
of such notice, if either Party at any time is insolvent or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due. TPN acknowledges
that it has received a copy of Elite s current financial statement and agrees that the aforesaid provision providing for
termination by notice to an insolvent Party is without force unless Elite s financial condition as reflected in its financial
statements is subject to subsequent material negative changes. 

(b)          In
addition to the rights of termination provided elsewhere in this Agreement, TPN may terminate this Agreement: 

(i)          if
any applicable regulatory authority, state or local laws, ordinances guidelines or regulations, present or future, including any
conditions, amendments or variations state that ELITE s Facility is not suitable or ceases to be suitable for the manufacture
of the Product or suspends, terminates or refuses to grant any license, permit, authorization or approval required to manufacture
the Product; or 

(ii)         if
the Parties jointly determine that it is not economically feasible to market the Product due to changes in the market for the Product,
including technical, commercial, regulatory, environmental, health or safety reason, costs of obtaining the API, the introduction
of competitive products and changes in the reimbursement policies of third party payors. 

(c)          In
the event that this Manufacturing Agreement is terminated for any reason other than a material breach by TPN or termination under
Section 7.1, Elite shall provide TPN with at least six (6) months prior written notice of such termination. 

7.3          Consequences
of Termination  

(a)          On
termination or expiry of the Agreement for any reason ELITE shall: 

(i)          ensure
that any copies of TPN s confidential information, or any information of a technical nature relating to the Product or its
manufacture and supplied by TPN to ELITE are promptly returned to TPN or, at TPN s option, destroyed; 

(ii)         promptly
invoice and deliver to TPN an amount equal to the cost of any pharmaceutical or packaging materials (that cannot be otherwise used
by ELITE or deployed to other customers of ELITE) and Product, in ELITE s possession, provided that, ELITE can prove by documentary
evidence that such pharmaceutical or packaging materials and Product: 

(1)         were
purchased in reliance on TPN s  forecast for the Firm Period; and 

(2)         are
in compliance with all relevant Product Specifications and otherwise fit for commercial use. 

(b)          The
termination or expiry of this Agreement shall not release either of the Parties from any liability which at the time of termination
or expiry has already accrued to the other Party, nor affect in any way the survival of any other right, duty or obligation of
the Parties which is expressly stated elsewhere in this Agreement to survive such termination or expiry. 

ARTICLE 8  

  CONFIDENTIALITY  

8.1.        The
information exchanged between ELITE and TPN pursuant to this Manufacturing Agreement is expressly subject to the Mutual Confidential
Agreement entered into by the Parties and dated November 10, 2006 (the  Confidentiality Agreement ) and whose term
is hereby made coterminous with this Manufacturing Agreement. 

ARTICLE
9   

   COMPLAINTS
AND RECALLS   

9.1         Each
Party shall notify the other Party immediately by telephone and confirm in writing within twenty four (24) hours upon becoming
aware of any problem relating to the Product, including where: 

(a)  the Product does not comply with the Product Specifications, cGMP or any matter which may affect
the safety or efficacy of the Product arising during its manufacture;   

(b)  the Product is affected by bacteriological or other contamination;   

(c)  the Product is affected by significant chemical, physical or other change or deterioration or stability
failures; or   

(d)  there are any other complaints, adverse reaction reports, safety issues or toxicity issues relating
to Product of which it becomes aware.   

9.2         If
any of the circumstances described in Section 6.1 arise, and upon written notification from TPN, ELITE shall promptly and at its
own expense conduct all such internal investigations as may be reasonably necessary to determine the validity of such complaint
as they relate to manufacture of the Product. ELITE shall provide an initial report of the findings of such investigations in writing
to TPN within five (5) days from the first notification acknowledging that time is of the essence in responding to the FDA and
DEA within required timeframes. ELITE shall promptly complete a final report upon receipt of all pertinent data. TPN shall be responsible
to respond to the complainant and provide a written copy of such response to ELITE. ELITE shall carry out any corrective actions
that TPN may reasonably require in order to avoid the repetition of the complaint. 

9.3         TPN
shall be responsible for initiating a Product recall or withdrawal and the recall or withdrawal strategy shall be determined and
developed by TPN. In the event that the need for the recall or withdrawal is caused by any failure on the part of ELITE or its
Affiliates to comply with any material obligation under this Manufacturing Agreement or the Quality Agreement, or through the negligence
of ELITE or Affiliates, or the failure of the Product as manufactured hereunder to meet the Product Specifications (Out Of Specification
or   OOS  ) due to the fault of ELITE, all documented out-of-pocket costs reasonably incurred by TPN in relation
to such recall shall be borne by ELITE. 

ARTICLE 10  

  MISCELLANEOUS  

10.1.        Force
Majeure. If any Party is prevented from complying, either totally or in part, with any of the terms or provisions of this Manufacturing
Agreement, by reason of force majeure, including, but not limited to fire, flood, earthquake, explosion, storm, strike, lockout
or other labor trouble, riot, war, rebellion, accidents, acts of God and/or any other cause or externally induced casualty beyond
its reasonable control, whether similar to the foregoing matters or not, then, upon written notice by the Party liable to perform
to the other Party, the requirements of this Manufacturing Agreement or such of its provisions as may be affected, and to the extent
so affected, shall be suspended during the period of such disability; provided that the Party asserting force majeure shall bear
the burden of establishing the existence of such force majeure by clear and convincing evidence; and provided further, that the
Party prevented from complying shall use its best efforts to remove such disability within thirty (30) days, and shall continue
performance with the utmost dispatch whenever such causes are removed, and shall notify the other Party of the force majeure event
not more than five (5) working days from the time of the event. When such circumstances arise, the Parties shall discuss what,
if any, modification of the terms of this Manufacturing Agreement may be required in order to arrive at an equitable solution. 

10.2.        Trademarks.
Each Party agrees and acknowledges that it shall not acquire by virtue of this Manufacturing Agreement any interest (other than
such non-exclusive license as may be necessary for the Party to perform its duties hereunder) in or to any trademarks or trade
names of the other Party; provided, however, that TPN shall have the right to identify ELITE as the manufacturer of the Product.
The Product shall bear a label that incorporates the following statement:  Manufactured by Elite Laboratories, Inc., 165
Ludlow Avenue, Northvale, NJ 07647 . 

10.3.        Notices.
Except as otherwise specifically provided, any notice or other documents to be given under this Manufacturing Agreement shall be
in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if sent by registered mail, nationally recognized overnight delivery service
or facsimile transmission to a Party or delivered in person to a Party at the address or facsimile number set out below for such
Party or such other address as the Party may from time to time designate by written notice to the other: 

If to ELITE: Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

165 Ludlow Avenue 

 Northvale, NJ 07647 

 Attention: President 

 Facsimile: 201-750-2755 

with a copy to: Ruffa   Ruffa, P.C. 

 110 East 59 th  Street 

 New York, New York 10022 

Attn: William Ruffa 

 Facsimile: 877-329-7833 

If to TPN: ThePharmaNetwork, LLC 180 Summit
Avenue, Suite 200Montvale, NJ 07645 

 Attention: Jonathan B. Rome/President   CEO 

 Facsimile: 201-476-1987 

with a copy to: 

 ThePharmaNetwork, LLC 

 180 Summit Avenue, Suite 200 

 Montvale, NJ 07645 

 Attention: Allen Bagatsing, Esq./Chief Legal Counsel 

 Facsimile: 201-476-1987 

Any such notice provided pursuant to this
Section 10.3 shall be deemed to have been received by the addressee five business days following the date of dispatch of the notice
or other document by mail or, where the notice or other document is sent by overnight delivery service, by hand or is given by
facsimile, simultaneously with the transmission or delivery. To prove the giving of a notice or other document it shall be sufficient
to show that it was dispatched. Either Party may change its address at which notice is to be received by written notice provided
pursuant to this Section 10.3. 

10.4.         Waiver
and Amendment. A waiver by either Party of any term or condition of this Manufacturing Agreement in any one instance shall not
be deemed or construed to be a waiver of such term or condition for any other time. All rights, remedies, undertakings, obligations
and agreements contained in this Manufacturing Agreement shall be cumulative and none of them shall be a limitation of any other
remedy, right, undertaking, obligation or agreement of either Party. This Manufacturing Agreement may not be amended or modified,
except in a writing signed by an officer of each Party hereto. 

10.5.         Severability.
If any one or more of the provisions of this Manufacturing Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
respect, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby. In the event any provisions shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Parties shall use their best efforts
to substitute a valid, legal and enforceable provision which, insofar as practical, implements the purposes hereof. 

10.6.         Headings.
The headings contained in this Manufacturing Agreement are included herein for reference and convenience and shall not affect the
meaning of the provisions of this Manufacturing Agreement. 

10.7.         Assignment
and Successors. This Manufacturing Agreement may not be assigned by either Party, except by operation of law, to any third party
without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.
In the event of any such assignment, the assignee shall expressly assume in writing the performance of all the terms and conditions
of this Manufacturing Agreement and all of the obligations to be performed by the assignor. Any assignment not in accordance with
this Manufacturing Agreement shall be void. 

10.8.         Governing
Law; Dispute Resolution; Venue. This Manufacturing Agreement shall be construed, and the rights of the Parties determined, in accordance
with the laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to conflict of law or choice of law rules. Any controversy or claim pursuant
to this Manufacturing Agreement or the breach thereof shall be referred for decision forthwith to a senior executive of each Party
not directly involved in the dispute. If no agreement is reached within thirty (30) days of the request by one Party to the other
to refer the same to such senior executive, then such controversy or claim shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association; such arbitration to be held in Bergen County, New Jersey
on an expedited basis. Judgment upon the award rendered by the Arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Manufacturing Agreement, each Party shall have the right to institute
a legal action in a court of proper jurisdiction located in Hackensack, New Jersey for injunctive relief or a decree of specific
performance in the event such relief is not available in the proceedings described above. 

10.9.         Independent
Parties. This Manufacturing Agreement shall not be deemed to create any partnership, joint venture, amalgamation or agency relationship
between the Parties. Each Party shall act hereunder as an independent contractor. Neither Party shall at any time enter into, incur,
or hold itself out to third parties as having authority to enter into or incur, on behalf of the other Party, any commitment, expense,
or liability whatsoever. 

10.10.       Survival
of Provisions. All accrued rights and obligations of the Parties, expressly including the provisions of Articles 3.4, 4, 6, 7,
8 and 10, shall survive the termination for any reason of this Manufacturing Agreement. 

10.11.       Publicity.
Neither Party shall make any public announcement concerning, or otherwise publicly disclose, any information with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Manufacturing Agreement or any of the terms and conditions hereof without the prior written consent
of the other Party hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may make any public disclosure concerning the transactions
contemplated hereby that in the opinion of such Party's counsel may be required by law or the rules of any stock exchange on which
such Party's or its Affiliates' securities trade; provided, however, the Party making such disclosure shall provide the non-disclosing
Party with a copy of the intended disclosure reasonably, and to the extent practicable, prior to public dissemination, and the
Parties hereto shall coordinate with one another regarding the timing, form and content of such disclosure. 

10.12.       Entire
Agreement. This Manufacturing Agreement, together with the Quality Agreement, constitutes the full, complete, final and integrated
agreement between the Parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous written or oral negotiations,
commitments, agreements, transactions or understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any modification, amendment
or supplement to this Manufacturing Agreement must be in writing and signed by authorized representatives of both Parties. In case
of a conflict between the agreements, this Manufacturing Agreement shall prevail. 

10.13.       No
Third Party Beneficiaries. No person or entity not a party to this Manufacturing Agreement, including any employee of any Party
to this Manufacturing Agreement, shall have or acquire any rights by reason of this Manufacturing Agreement, nor shall either Party
have any obligations or liabilities to such other person or entity by reason of this Manufacturing Agreement. 

10.14.       Remedies
Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a Party shall be deemed cumulative
with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such Party, and the exercise by a Party of
any one remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce or
interpret the terms of this Manufacturing Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney's fees, costs
and necessary disbursements in addition to any other relief to which such Party may be entitled. 

10.15.       Further
Assurances. Each Party shall execute and deliver such additional instruments and other documents and use commercially reasonable
efforts to take or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary under applicable law to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

10.16.       Counterparts;
Facsimile Signatures. This Manufacturing Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
and all of which together shall constitute a single agreement. This Manufacturing Agreement may be executed by facsimile signatures,
which signatures shall have the same force and effect as original signatures. 

10.17.      Drafting.
The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Manufacturing Agreement. In the event an ambiguity
or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Manufacturing Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties
and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions
of this Manufacturing Agreement. 

[This section is intentionally left blank;
signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties hereto have caused this Manufacturing Agreement to be executed, as of the date first above written, by their duly authorized
representatives. 

ELITE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
       
       THEPHARMANETWORK, LLC      

By:     
      s/Chris Dick  
       
      By:    
      Jonathan B. Rome   
 
      Name:     
      Chris Dick  
       
      Name:   
      Jonathan B. Rome   
 
      Title:    
      President  

Title: President   CEO   

EXHIBIT A  

Product and Purchase Price and Minimum
Annual Volume Requirements  

NOTE: The purchase price includes all costs
except API cost which is the obligation of TPN. 

ELITE shall produce Product in batch sizes
between 2,000 bottles to 10,000 bottles per batch. Elite will begin with the smaller batch sizes and increase batch size as necessary.
Orders shall be done based on a batch size of 10,000 bottles. 

ELITE may also from time to time subcontract
to Epic Pharma, LLC for bottling of batches. 

EXHIBIT B  

  Product and Packaging Specifications  

The written specifications for the Product
will be pursuant to the terms of the ANDA # 090635 duly approved by the FDA, and delivered to ELITE thereafter as Exhibit B of
this Manufacturing Agreement. 

EXHIBIT C  

  QUALITY AGREEMENT  

 Between 

 ThePharmaNetwork, LLC. 

 And 

 ELITE Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

</EX-10.71>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v453384_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Nasrat Hakim, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011 of Elite Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (the  Registrant );  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:  

(a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

(d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

5.    The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 16, 2016  
      /s/ Nasrat Hakim      

Nasrat Hakim  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v453384_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Carter J. Ward, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011 of Elite Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (the  Registrant );  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:  

(a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

(d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

5.    The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 16, 2016  
      /s/ Carter J. Ward      

Carter Ward  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

