<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1022646_0001193125-16-749273_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4614102</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>180389</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>294197</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1164517</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2051333</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>803017</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-749273.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027123554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-749273
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001022646
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33614
		FILM NUMBER:		161954708

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 N SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY E
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77060
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2818760120

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 N SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY E
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77060

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-749273.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 d277117d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549        Form 10-Q    

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016        or        
 
   For the transition period from
                       to
                              Commission file number 001-33614        ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP.    
   (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    

Yukon, Canada   
     
   N/A    
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of   
   incorporation or organization)    
     
     (I.R.S. employer       identification number)     

400 North Sam Houston Parkway E.,   
   Suite 1200, Houston, Texas    
     
   77060    
 
   (Address of principal executive offices)   
     
   (Zip code)    
     (281) 876-0120        (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)       Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES         NO           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and
posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES         NO     
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or
a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):   

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer   
     
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      
  Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    YES         NO        
  The number of common shares, without par value, of Ultra Petroleum Corp., outstanding as of October 19, 2016 was 153,398,599.

Table of Contents  

       TABLE OF CONTENTS     

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.   
     
   Financial Statements   

3  

ITEM 2.   
     
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

30  

ITEM 3.   
     
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

49  

ITEM 4.   
     
   Controls and Procedures   

50  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.   
     
   Legal Proceedings   

51  

ITEM 1A.   
     
   Risk Factors   

51  

ITEM 2.   
     
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

51  

ITEM 3.   
     
   Defaults upon Senior Securities   

51  

ITEM 4.   
     
   Mine Safety Disclosures   

51  

ITEM 5.   
     
   Other Information   

51  

ITEM 6.   
     
   Exhibits   

52  

Signatures   

53  

Exhibit Index   

54  

Table of Contents  

    PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
      ITEM 1   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES        (Debtor-in-Possession)
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
   
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
         3   

Table of Contents  

    ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS        
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
         4   

Table of Contents  

    ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS        
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
         5   

Table of Contents  

    ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        (Unaudited)
      (All amounts in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars (except per share data)
unless otherwise noted).       DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS:       Ultra Petroleum Corp. (the  Company ) is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the development, production, operation, exploration and acquisition of oil and natural gas properties. The
Company is incorporated under the laws of Yukon, Canada. The Company s principal business activities are developing its long-life natural gas reserves in the Green River Basin of Wyoming   the Pinedale and Jonah fields, its oil reserves in
the Uinta Basin in Utah and its natural gas reserves in the Appalachian Basin of Pennsylvania.       Chapter 11 Proceedings, Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern         Chapter 11 Proceedings        On April 29, 2016 (the  Petition Date ), to restructure their respective obligations and capital structures, the Company and each of its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries
(collectively, the  Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the  Bankruptcy
Court ). The Debtors  chapter 11 cases are being jointly administered for procedural purposes under the caption In re Ultra Petroleum Corp., et al, Case No. 16-32202 (MI) (Bankr. S.D. Tex.). Information about our chapter 11 cases is
available at our website (www.ultrapetroleum.com) and also at a website maintained by our claims agent, Epiq Systems (http://dm.epiq11.com/UPT/Docket).      We are currently operating our business as a debtor-in-possession in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. After we filed our chapter 11
petitions, the Bankruptcy Court granted certain relief we requested enabling us to conduct our business activities in the ordinary course, including, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions of such orders, authorizing us to pay
employee wages and benefits, pay taxes and certain governmental fees and charges, continue to operate our cash management system in the ordinary course, remit funds we hold from time to time for the benefit of third parties (such as royalty owners),
and pay the prepetition claims of certain of our vendors that hold liens under applicable non-bankruptcy law. For goods and services provided following the Petition Date, we intend to pay vendors in full under normal terms.   
  Subject to certain exceptions provided for in section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, all judicial and administrative proceedings against us
or our property were automatically enjoined, or stayed, as of the Petition Date. In addition, the filing of new judicial or administrative actions against us or our property for claims arising prior to the date on which our chapter 11 cases were
filed were automatically enjoined. This prohibits, for example, our lenders or noteholders from pursuing claims for defaults under our debt agreements and our contract counterparties from pursuing claims for defaults under our contracts.
Accordingly, unless the Bankruptcy Court agrees to lift the automatic stay, all of our prepetition liabilities and obligations should be settled or compromised under the Bankruptcy Code as part of our chapter 11 proceedings.   
  Our operations and ability to execute our business remain subject to the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A,  Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016. In addition, our assets, liabilities,
including our capital structure, shareholders, officers and/or directors could change materially   
         6   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   
because of our chapter 11 cases. In addition, the description of our operations, properties and capital plans included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not accurately reflect our
operations, properties and capital plans after we emerge from chapter 11.        Creditors  Committees   Appointment  
Formation        On May 5, 2016, the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas appointed an official
committee for unsecured creditors of all of the Debtors (the  UCC ). On September 26, 2016, the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas filed a Notice of Reconstitution of the UCC. In addition, certain other
stakeholders have organized for purposes of participating in the Debtors  chapter 11 cases: (i) on June 8, 2016, an informal ad hoc committee of unsecured creditors of our subsidiary, Ultra Resources, Inc., notified the Bankruptcy
Court it had formed and identified its members; (ii) on June 13, 2016, an informal ad hoc committee of the holders of senior notes issued by the Company notified the Bankruptcy Court it had formed and identified its members; and
(iii) on July 20, 2016, an informal ad hoc committee of shareholders of the Company notified the Bankruptcy Court it had formed and identified its members. We expect each of the committees to be involved in our chapter 11 cases, and any
disagreements with any of the committees may extend our chapter 11 cases, increase the cost of our chapter 11 cases, and/or delay our emergence from chapter 11.        Exclusivity; Plan of Reorganization        The Bankruptcy Code provides
chapter 11 debtors-in-possession with the exclusive right to file a plan of reorganization under chapter 11 through a period of time specified in the Bankruptcy Code, which period may be extended by the Bankruptcy Court. On July 27, 2016, we
filed a motion seeking an extension of the exclusive chapter 11 plan filing period. At a hearing conducted on August 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court extended our exclusive right to file a plan of reorganization under chapter 11 through and
including March 1, 2017, and to solicit acceptances of such plan through and including May 1, 2017, subject to our producing and delivering a long-term business plan prior to December 1, 2016.   
  We plan to emerge from our chapter 11 cases after we obtain approval from the Bankruptcy Court for a chapter 11 plan of reorganization.
Among other things, a chapter 11 plan of reorganization will determine the rights and satisfy the claims of our prepetition creditors and security holders. The terms and conditions of a chapter 11 plan of reorganization will be determined through
negotiations with our stakeholders and, possibly, decisions by the Bankruptcy Court.      Under the absolute priority scheme
established by the Bankruptcy Code, unless our creditors agree otherwise, all of our prepetition liabilities and postpetition liabilities must be satisfied in full before the holders of our existing common stock can receive any distribution or
retain any property under a chapter 11 plan of reorganization. The ultimate recovery to creditors and/or shareholders, if any, will not be determined until confirmation and implementation of a plan or plans of reorganization. We can give no
assurance that any recovery or distribution of any amount will be made to any of our creditors or shareholders. Our plan of reorganization could result in any of the holders of our liabilities and/or securities, including our common stock, receiving
no distribution on account of their interests and cancellation of their holdings. Moreover, a plan of reorganization can be confirmed, under the Bankruptcy Code, even if the holders of our common stock vote against the plan and even if the plan
provides that the holders of our common stock receive no distribution on account of their equity interests.   
         7   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
     Liabilities Subject to Compromise     
  We have applied Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 852, Reorganizations, in preparing the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, the consolidated financial statements presented here include amounts classified as  liabilities subject to compromise.  This amount represents estimates of
known or potential prepetition claims expected to be resolved in connection with our chapter 11 proceedings. Additional amounts may be included in liabilities subject to compromise in future periods if we elect to reject executory contracts and
unexpired leases as part of our chapter 11 cases. Due to the uncertain nature of many of the potential claims, the magnitude of potential claims is not reasonably estimable at this time. Potential claims not currently included with liabilities
subject to compromise in our Consolidated Balance Sheets may be material. In addition, differences between amounts we are reporting as liabilities subject to compromise in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the amounts attributable to such
matters claimed by our creditors or approved by the Bankruptcy Court may be material. We will continue to evaluate our liabilities throughout the chapter 11 process, and we plan to make adjustments in future periods as necessary and appropriate.
Such adjustments may be material.      Under the Bankruptcy Code, we may assume, assign, or reject certain executory contracts and
unexpired leases, subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court and certain other conditions. If we reject a contract or lease, such rejection generally (1) is treated as a prepetition breach of the contract or lease, (2) subject to
certain exceptions, relieves the Debtors of performing their future obligations under such contract or lease, and (3) entitles the counterparty thereto to a prepetition general unsecured claim for damages caused by such deemed breach. If we
assume an executory contract or unexpired lease, we are generally required to cure any existing monetary defaults under such contract or lease and provide adequate assurance of future performance to the counterparty. Accordingly, any description of
an executory contract or unexpired lease in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including any quantification of our obligations under any such contract or lease, is wholly qualified by the rejection rights we have under the Bankruptcy Code. Further,
nothing herein is or shall be deemed an admission with respect to any claim amounts or calculations arising from the rejection of any executory contract or unexpired lease and we expressly preserve all of our rights with respect thereto.   
  The following table summarizes the components of liabilities subject to compromise included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
September 30, 2016:       
      Schedules and Statements   Magnitude of Potential Claims   Claims Resolution Process
       On June 8, 2016, each of the Debtors filed a Schedule of Assets and Liabilities and Statement of Financial
Affairs (collectively, the  Schedules and Statements ) with the Bankruptcy Court setting forth, among other things, the assets and liabilities of the Debtors, subject to the assumptions filed in connection therewith. On October 14,
2016, Ultra Wyoming LGS, LLC ( UWLGS ), one of the Debtors and our indirect, wholly owned   
         8   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   
subsidiary, filed an amendment to its Schedules and Statements. The Schedules and Statements are subject to further amendment or modification. Certain holders of prepetition claims were required
to file proofs of claim by the deadline for filing certain proofs of claims in the Debtors  chapter 11 cases, which deadline was September 1, 2016, for prepetition general unsecured claims and October 26, 2016, for governmental
claims. Differences between amounts scheduled by the Debtors and claims by creditors will be investigated and resolved in connection with the claims resolution process. In light of the expected number of creditors, the claims resolution process may
take considerable time to complete and we will likely continue after our emergence from bankruptcy. Accordingly, the ultimate number and amount of allowed claims is not presently known, nor can the ultimate recovery with respect to allowed claims be
presently ascertained.      To the best of our knowledge, we have notified all of our known current or potential creditors that
the Debtors have filed chapter 11 cases. The Schedules and Statements set forth, among other things, the assets and liabilities of each of the Debtors, including executory contracts to which each of the Debtors is a party, are subject to the
qualifications and assumptions included therein and amendment or modification as our chapter 11 cases proceed.      Through the
claims resolution process, differences in amounts scheduled by the Debtors and claims filed by creditors will be investigated and resolved, including through the filing of objections with the Bankruptcy Court where appropriate.   
  Many of the claims identified in the Schedules and Statements are listed as disputed, contingent or unliquidated. In addition, there are
differences between the amounts for certain claims listed in the Schedules and Statements and the amounts claimed by our creditors. Such differences, as well as other disputes and contingencies will be investigated and resolved as part of our claims
resolution process in our chapter 11 cases. Please refer to Note 8 for additional information about contingent matters and commitments related to certain claims filed in our chapter 11 cases.   
  Pursuant to the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, some creditors who wished to assert prepetition claims against us and whose claims
(i) were not listed in the Schedules and Statements or (ii) were listed in the Schedules and Statements as disputed, contingent, or unliquidated, were required to file a proof of claim with the Bankruptcy Court prior to the bar date set by
the court. The bar date for non-governmental creditors was September 1, 2016, and the bar date for governmental creditors was October 26, 2016.      The claims filed against the Debtors to date are voluminous. Further, it is possible that claimants will file amended or modified claims in the future, including modifications or amendments to assign
values to claims originally filed with no designated value. The amended or modified claims may be material.      We plan to
investigate and evaluate all filed claims in connection with our plan of reorganization. As a part of the claims resolution process, we anticipate working to resolve differences in amounts we listed in our Schedules and Statements and amounts of
claims filed by our creditors. We have already identified, for example, claims that we believe should be disallowed by the Bankruptcy Court because they are duplicative, have been later amended or superseded, are without merit, are overstated or for
other reasons. We will file objections with the Bankruptcy Court as necessary for claims we believe should be disallowed.   
         9   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
     Tax Attributes; Net Operating Loss Carryforwards     
  We have substantial tax net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes. Under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, our ability to
use these net operating losses and other tax attributes may be limited if we experience a change of control, as determined under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly, we obtained an order from the Bankruptcy Court that is intended to protect
our ability to use our tax attributes by imposing certain notice procedures and transfer restrictions on the trading of the Company s common stock.      In general, the order applies to any person or entity that, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns (or would beneficially own as a result of a proposed transfer) at least 4.5% of the Company s
common stock. Such persons are required to notify us and the Bankruptcy Court before effecting a transaction that might result in us losing the ability to use our tax attributes, and we have the right to seek an injunction to prevent the transaction
if it might adversely affect our ability to use our tax attributes.      Any purchase, sale or other transfer of our equity
securities in violation of the restrictions of the order is null and void ab initio as an act in violation of a Bankruptcy Court order and would therefore confer no rights on a proposed transferee.   
    Costs of Reorganization        We have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs associated with our reorganization and the chapter 11 proceedings. We expect these costs, which are being expensed as incurred, will
significantly affect our results of operations. In addition, a non-cash charge to write-off the unamortized debt issuance costs related to our funded indebtedness is included in  Reorganization items, net  as these debt instruments are
expected to be impacted by the pendency of the Company s chapter 11 cases. For additional information about the costs of our reorganization and chapter 11 proceedings, see  Reorganization items, net  below.   
  The following table summarizes the components included in Reorganization items, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016:       

(1)  
  The nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $3.8 million directly related to accrued, unpaid professional fees associated with the chapter 11 filings.

(2)  
  A non-cash charge to write-off all of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the unsecured Credit Agreement, unsecured Senior Notes issued by Ultra Resources,
Inc., the unsecured 2018 Senior Notes issued by the Company and the unsecured 2024 Senior Notes issued by the Company is included in Reorganization items, net as these debt instruments are expected to be impacted by the pendency of the
Company s chapter 11 cases.     
         10   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          

(3)  
  Cash interest income earned for the period after the Petition Date on excess cash over normal invested capital.     
    Ability to Continue as a Going Concern        The condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations,
realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The condensed consolidated financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that might result from the outcome of our chapter 11 proceedings.
We have significant indebtedness, all of which we have reclassified to liabilities subject to compromise at September 30, 2016. Our level of indebtedness has adversely impacted and is continuing to adversely impact our financial condition. As a
result of our financial condition, the defaults under our debt agreements, and the risks and uncertainties surrounding our chapter 11 proceedings, substantial doubt exists that we will be able to continue as a going concern.   
   1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:       The accompanying financial statements, other than the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2015, are unaudited and were prepared from the Company s records, but do not include all disclosures
required by U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ). Balance sheet data as of December 31, 2015 was derived from the Company s audited financial statements. The Company s management believes that these
financial statements include all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position and results of operations. All adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature unless specifically noted. The Company prepared
these statements on a basis consistent with the Company s annual audited statements and Regulation S-X. Regulation S-X allows the Company to omit some of the footnote and policy disclosures required by generally accepted accounting
principles and normally included in annual reports on Form 10-K. You should read these interim financial statements together with the financial statements, summary of significant accounting policies and notes to the Company s most recent
annual report on Form 10-K.       Basis of presentation and principles of consolidation:  The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company presents its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated upon
consolidation.      (a)  Cash and Cash Equivalents:  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.      (b)  Restricted Cash:  Restricted cash
represents cash received by the Company from production sold where the final division of ownership of the production is unknown or in dispute.      (c)  Accounts Receivable:  Accounts receivable are stated at the historical carrying amount net of write-offs and an allowance for uncollectible accounts. The carrying amount of the Company s
accounts receivable approximates fair value because of the short-term nature of the instruments. The Company routinely assesses the collectability of all material trade and other receivables.   
  (d)  Property, Plant and Equipment:  Capital assets are recorded at cost and depreciated using the declining-balance
method based on their respective useful life.   
         11   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   (e)  Oil and Natural Gas Properties:  The Company uses the full cost
method of accounting for exploration and development activities as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Release No. 33-8995, Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting Requirements ( SEC Release
No. 33-8995 ) and Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 932, Extractive Activities   Oil and Gas ( FASB ASC 932 ). Under this method of accounting,
the costs of unsuccessful, as well as successful, exploration and development activities are capitalized as oil and gas properties. This includes any internal costs that are directly related to exploration and development activities but does not
include any costs related to production, general corporate overhead or similar activities. The carrying amount of oil and natural gas properties also includes estimated asset retirement costs recorded based on the fair value of the asset retirement
obligation when incurred. Gain or loss on the sale or other disposition of oil and natural gas properties is not recognized, unless the gain or loss would significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved reserves of oil and
natural gas attributable to a country.      The sum of net capitalized costs and estimated future development costs of oil and
natural gas properties are amortized using the units-of-production method based on the Company s proved reserves. Oil and natural gas reserves and production are converted into equivalent units based on relative energy content. Asset retirement
costs are included in the base costs for calculating depletion.      Under the full cost method, costs of unevaluated properties
and major development projects expected to require significant future costs may be excluded from capitalized costs being amortized. The Company excludes significant costs until proved reserves are found or until it is determined that the costs are
impaired. The Company reviews its unproved leasehold costs quarterly or when management determines that events or circumstances indicate that the recorded carrying value of the unevaluated properties may not be recoverable. The fair values of
unproved properties are evaluated utilizing a discounted net cash flows model based on management s assumptions of future oil and gas production, commodity prices, operating and development costs; as well as appropriate discount rates. The
estimated prices used in the cash flow analysis are determined by management based on forward price curves for the related commodities, adjusted for average historical location and quality differentials. Estimates of cash flows related to probable
and possible reserves are reduced by additional risk-weighting factors. The amount of any impairment is transferred to the capitalized costs being amortized.      Companies that use the full cost method of accounting for oil and natural gas exploration and development activities are required to perform a ceiling test calculation each quarter. The full cost ceiling
test is an impairment test prescribed by SEC Regulation S-X Rule 4-10. The ceiling test is performed quarterly, on a country-by-country basis, utilizing the average of prices in effect on the first day of the month for the preceding twelve
month period in accordance with SEC Release No. 33-8995. The ceiling limits such pooled costs to the aggregate of the present value of future net revenues attributable to proved crude oil and natural gas reserves discounted at 10%, plus the
lower of cost or market value of unproved properties, less any associated tax effects. If such capitalized costs exceed the ceiling, the Company will record a write-down to the extent of such excess as a non-cash charge to earnings. Any such
write-down will reduce earnings in the period of occurrence and results in a lower depletion, depreciation and amortization ( DD A ) rate in future periods. A write-down may not be reversed in future periods even though higher oil and
natural gas prices may subsequently increase the ceiling. The Company did not incur a ceiling test write-down for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.      (f)  Deferred Financing Costs:  During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, a non-cash charge to write-off all of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the unsecured Credit Agreement,
unsecured Senior Notes (as   
         12   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   
defined below) issued by Ultra Resources, Inc., the unsecured 2018 Senior Notes (as defined below) issued by the Company and the unsecured 2024 Senior Notes (as defined below) issued by the
Company is included in Reorganization items, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as these debt instruments are expected to be impacted by the pendency of the Company s chapter 11 cases. At December 31, 2015, other
current assets includes costs associated with the issuance of our revolving credit facility while costs associated with the issuance of our Senior Notes, 2018 Notes and 2024 Notes are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the
related debt liability.      (g)  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities:  The Company follows FASB ASC
Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ( FASB ASC 815 ). The Company records the fair value of its commodity derivatives as an asset or liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and records the changes in the fair value of its commodity
derivatives in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company does not offset the value of its derivative arrangements with the same counterparty. (See Note 6).      (h)  Income Taxes:  Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded related to deferred tax assets based on the  more likely than not  criteria described in FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. In addition, the Company recognizes the financial
statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit.   
         13   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   (i)  Earnings Per Share:  Basic earnings per share is computed by
dividing net earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by adjusting the average number of common shares outstanding for the
dilutive effect, if any, of common stock equivalents. The Company uses the treasury stock method to determine the dilutive effect.       

(1)  
  Due to the net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, 1.7 million shares for options and restricted stock units were anti-dilutive and excluded
from the computation of net loss per share.         

(2)  
  Due to the net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2015, 1.6 million shares for options and restricted stock units were anti-dilutive and excluded
from the computation of net loss per share.        (j)  Use of Estimates:  Preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.      (k)  Accounting for Share-Based Compensation:  The Company measures and recognizes compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors, including
employee stock options, based on estimated fair values in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation   Stock Compensation.      (l)  Fair Value Accounting:  The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( FASB ASC 820 ), which defines fair value, establishes a framework
for measuring fair value under GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This statement applies under other accounting topics that require or permit fair value measurements. See Note 7 for additional information.   
  (m)  Asset Retirement Obligation:  The initial estimated retirement obligation of properties is recognized as a liability
with an associated increase in oil and gas properties for the asset retirement cost. Accretion expense is recognized over the estimated productive life of the related assets. If the fair value of the estimated asset
  
         14   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   
retirement obligation changes, an adjustment is recorded to both the asset retirement obligation and the asset retirement cost. Revisions in estimated liabilities can result from revisions of
estimated inflation rates, changes in service and equipment costs and changes in the estimated timing of settling asset retirement obligations. As a full cost company, settlements for asset retirement obligations for abandonment are adjusted to the
full cost pool. The asset retirement obligation is included within other long-term obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.      (n)  Revenue Recognition:  The Company generally sells oil and natural gas under both long-term and short-term agreements at prevailing market prices. The Company recognizes revenues when
the oil and natural gas is delivered, which occurs when the customer has taken title and has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership, prices are fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company accounts for oil and
natural gas sales using the  entitlements method.  Under the entitlements method, revenue is recorded based upon the Company s ownership share of volumes sold, regardless of whether it has taken its ownership share of such volumes.
Any amount received in excess of the Company s share is treated as a liability. If the Company receives less than its entitled share, the underproduction is recorded as a receivable.   
  Make-up provisions and ultimate settlements of volume imbalances are generally governed by agreements between the Company and its
partners with respect to specific properties or, in the absence of such agreements, through negotiation. The value of volumes over- or under-produced can change based on changes in commodity prices. The Company prefers the entitlements method of
accounting for oil and natural gas sales because it allows for recognition of revenue based on its actual share of jointly owned production, results in better matching of revenue with related operating expenses, and provides balance sheet
recognition of the estimated value of product imbalances. The Company s imbalance obligations as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were immaterial.      (o)  Capitalized Interest:  Interest is capitalized on the cost of unevaluated gas and oil properties that are excluded from amortization and actively being evaluated, if any.   
  (p)  Reclassifications:  Certain amounts in the financial statements of prior periods have been reclassified to conform to
the current period financial statement presentation.      (q)  Capital Cost Accrual:  The Company accrues for exploration and
development costs in the period incurred, while payment may occur in a subsequent period.      (r)  Deposits and Retainers: 
Deposits and retainers primarily consists of payments related to surety bonds.      (s)  Recent Accounting Pronouncements not
yet Adopted:  In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU No. 2016-09 ) to
simplify some of the provisions in stock compensation accounting. The update simplifies the accounting for a stock payment s tax consequences and amends how excess tax benefits and a business s payments to cover the tax bills for the
shares  recipients should be classified. The amendments allow companies to estimate the number of stock awards expected to vest and revises the withholding requirements for classifying stock awards as equity. For public companies, the standard
will take effect for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016 with earlier application permitted. The Company is still evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2016-09 on its financial position
and results of operations.   
         15   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU
No. 2016-02 ). The guidance requires that lessees will be required to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. The ASU will also require
disclosures designed to give financial statement users information on the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative information. For public companies, the standard will
take effect for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018 with earlier application permitted. The Company is still evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2016-02 on its financial position and
results of operations.      In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of
Inventory  ( ASU No. 2015-11 ). Public companies will have to apply the amendments for reporting periods that start after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. This ASU requires an entity to
measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The company does
not expect the adoption of ASU No. 2015-11 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.      In April
2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Interest   Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30)   Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements . These ASUs require capitalized debt issuance costs, except for those related to revolving credit facilities, to
be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, rather than as an asset. The Company adopted these ASUs on January 1, 2016, using a retrospective approach. The adoption resulted in
a reclassification that reduced current assets and current maturities of long-term debt by $19.4 million on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015. A non-cash charge to write-off all of the unamortized debt issuance
costs is included in Reorganization items, net at June 30, 2016 as the related debt instruments are expected to be impacted by the pendency of the Company s chapter 11 cases.   
  The FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , and ASU 2016-10,  Revenues from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing ,
which supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition , and industry-specific guidance in Subtopic 932-605,  Extractive Activities-Oil and Gas-Revenue Recognition  and require an entity to
recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company is required to adopt the new
standards in the first quarter of 2018 using one of two retrospective application methods. The Company is continuing to evaluate the provisions of these ASUs, and has not determined the impact these standards may have on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures or decided upon the method of adoption.      In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU No. 2014-15 ) that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued on both an interim and annual basis. Management is required to provide certain footnote disclosures if it concludes that
substantial doubt exists or when its plans alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU No. 2014-15   
         16   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   
becomes effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim reporting periods thereafter. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements.       2. OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT:    
   
     3. DEBT AND OTHER LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS:    

(1)  
  A non-cash charge to write-off all of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the unsecured Credit Agreement, unsecured Senior Notes issued by Ultra Resources,
Inc., the unsecured 2018 Senior Notes issued by the Company and the unsecured 2024 Senior Notes issued by the Company is included in Reorganization items, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as these debt instruments are expected to be
impacted by the pendency of the Company s chapter 11 cases.         

(2)  
  We have significant indebtedness, all of which we have reclassified to liabilities subject to compromise at June 30, 2016 and continued to classify as liabilities
subject to compromise at September 30, 2016 in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our level of indebtedness has adversely impacted and is continuing to adversely impact our financial condition. As a result of our financial condition, the defaults
under our debt agreements and the risks and uncertainties surrounding our chapter 11 proceedings, substantial doubt exists that we will be able to continue as a going concern.     
         17   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
     Ultra Resources, Inc.     
    Bank indebtedness.   Ultra Resources, Inc. ( Ultra Resources ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a party
to the Credit Agreement. Ultra Resources  obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and UP Energy Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.   
  Ultra Resources  filing of the chapter 11 petitions described in Note 1 constituted an event of default that accelerated its
obligations under the Credit Agreement. Other events of default are also present with respect to the Credit Agreement, including a failure to make interest payments and, as described below, a failure to deliver annual audited consolidated financial
statements without a going concern qualification, a failure to meet the minimum PV-9 ratio covenant and a failure to comply with the consolidated leverage covenant in the Credit Agreement at the end of the first quarter of 2016. The Credit Agreement
provides that upon the acceleration of Ultra Resources  obligations under the Credit Agreement, the outstanding balance of loans extended under the Credit Agreement comes due, unpaid interest accrued as of the time of the acceleration comes
due, and any fees or other obligations of the borrower come due. Under the Bankruptcy Code, the creditors under the Credit Agreement are stayed from taking any action against Ultra Resources or any of the other Debtors as a result of the default.
     Prior to April 29, 2016, loans under the Credit Agreement bore interest, at the borrower s option, based on
(A) a rate per annum equal to the prime rate or the weighted average fed funds rate on overnight transactions during the preceding business day plus a margin based on a grid of the borrower s consolidated leverage ratio, or (B) a base
Eurodollar rate, substantially equal to the LIBOR rate, plus a margin based on a grid of the borrower s consolidated leverage ratio.      The Credit Agreement requires us to deliver annual audited, consolidated financial statements for the Company without a  going concern  or like qualification or explanation. On March 15,
2016, we delivered an audit report with respect to the financial statements in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K that included an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to our ability to continue as a  going concern. 
     The Credit Agreement contains a consolidated leverage covenant, pursuant to which Ultra Resources is required to maintain a
maximum ratio of its total funded consolidated debt to its trailing four fiscal quarters  EBITDAX of 3.5 to 1.0. Based on Ultra Resources  EBITDAX for the trailing four fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016, we were not in compliance
with this consolidated leverage covenant at March 31, 2016 (the ratio was 4.6 times at March 31, 2016).      The Credit
Agreement contains a PV-9 covenant, pursuant to which Ultra Resources is required to maintain a minimum ratio of the discounted net present value of its oil and gas properties to its total funded consolidated debt of 1.5 times. We were required to
report whether we were in compliance with this covenant on April 1, 2016. Based on the PV-9 of its oil and gas properties at December 31, 2015, Ultra Resources failed to comply with the PV-9 ratio covenant under the Credit Agreement (the
ratio was 0.9 times at December 31, 2015).        Senior Notes  . Ultra Resources has outstanding $1.46 billion of
senior notes ( Senior Notes ) which were issued pursuant to a certain Master Note Purchase Agreement dated as of March 6, 2008 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the  MNPA ). The Senior Notes rank pari passu
with the Credit Agreement. Payment of the Senior Notes is guaranteed by the Company and by UP Energy Corporation. The Senior Notes are subject to representations, warranties, covenants and events of default similar to those in the Credit Agreement.
  
         18   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   Ultra Resources  filing of the chapter 11 petitions described in Note 1 constituted
an event of default that accelerated its obligations under the MNPA and the Senior Notes. Other events of default are also present with respect to the MNPA, including a failure to comply with the consolidated leverage covenant at the end of the
first quarter of 2016 and a failure to make principal and interest payments due under the Ultra Resources  Senior Notes. The MNPA provides that upon the acceleration of Ultra Resources  obligations under the MNPA and the Senior Notes,
among other matters, the Senior Notes are deemed to have matured, the unpaid principal balance of the Senior Notes comes due, unpaid interest accrued as of the time of the acceleration comes due, and any applicable make-whole amount (as determined
pursuant to the MNPA) comes due. Under the Bankruptcy Code, the creditors under the Senior Notes are stayed from taking any action against Ultra Resources or any of the other the Debtors as a result of the default.   
  The MNPA contains a consolidated leverage covenant, pursuant to which Ultra Resources is required to maintain a maximum ratio of its
total funded consolidated debt to its trailing four fiscal quarters  EBITDAX of 3.5 to 1.0. Based on Ultra Resources  EBITDAX for the trailing four fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016, we were not in compliance with this consolidated
leverage covenant at March 31, 2016 (the ratio was 4.6 times at March 31, 2016).      On March 1, 2016, we failed
to make an interest payment of approximately $40.0 million and a principal payment of $62.0 million, each of which was due March 1, 2016 under the terms of the Senior Notes. We entered into a forbearance agreement related to the failure to make
these payments with the holders of the Senior Notes, and we filed the chapter 11 petitions without making the payments before the forbearance period expired.        Interest Expense  . No interest expense has been recognized with respect to the Credit Agreement or the Senior Notes subsequent to the Petition Date.   
    Ultra Petroleum Corp. Senior Notes        The Company s filing of the chapter 11 petitions described in Note 1 constituted an event of default that accelerated the Company s obligations under the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes.
Additionally, other events of default, including cross-defaults, are present due to the failure to make interest payments and other matters. Under the indentures pursuant to which the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes, respectively, were issued, upon
the acceleration of the Company s obligations under the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes, among other matters, the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes, respectively, are deemed to have matured, the unpaid principal balance of the 2024 Notes and the 2018
Notes, respectively, comes due, unpaid interest accrued as of the time of the acceleration comes due, and any applicable premiums (as determined pursuant to the indentures) comes due. Under the Bankruptcy Code, the creditors under the 2024 Notes and
the 2018 Notes are stayed from taking any action against the Debtors as a result of the default.        Senior Notes due
2024  : On September 18, 2014, the Company issued $850.0 million of 6.125% Senior Notes due 2024 ( 2024 Notes ). The 2024 Notes are general, unsecured senior obligations of the Company and mature on October 1, 2024. The
2024 Notes rank equally in right of payment to all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company and effectively rank junior to all future secured indebtedness of the Company (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such
indebtedness). The 2024 Notes are not guaranteed by the Company s subsidiaries and, as a result, are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other obligations of the Company s subsidiaries. The 2024 Notes are subject to covenants
that restrict the Company s ability to incur indebtedness, make distributions and other restricted payments, grant liens, use the proceeds of asset sales, make investments and engage in affiliate transactions.   
         19   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   Interest due under the 2024 Notes is payable each April 1 and October 1. On
April 1, 2016, we elected to defer making an interest payment on the 2024 Notes of approximately $26.0 million due April 1, 2016. The indenture governing the 2024 Notes provides a 30-day grace period for us to make this interest payment.
We did not make this interest payment before the end of the grace period, which resulted in an event of default under the indenture governing the 2024 Notes.        Senior Notes due 2018  : On December 12, 2013, the Company issued $450.0 million of 5.75% Senior Notes due 2018 ( 2018 Notes ). The 2018 Notes are general, unsecured senior
obligations of the Company and mature on December 15, 2018. The 2018 Notes rank equally in right of payment to all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company and effectively rank junior to all future secured indebtedness of the
Company (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness). The 2018 Notes are not guaranteed by the Company s subsidiaries and, as a result, are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other obligations of the
Company s subsidiaries. The 2018 Notes are subject to covenants that restrict the Company s ability to incur indebtedness, make distributions and other restricted payments, grant liens, use the proceeds of asset sales, make investments and
engage in affiliate transactions. Interest due under the 2018 Notes is payable each June 15 and December 15.      The
Company s filing of the chapter 11 petitions described in Note 1 constituted an event of default that accelerated the Company s obligations under the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes. Additionally, other events of default, including
cross-defaults resulting from the acceleration of indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Agreement and the Ultra Resources  Senior Notes, are present due to the failure to make interest payments and other matters. Under the Bankruptcy Code,
the creditors under the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes are stayed from taking any action against the Debtors as a result of the Company s bankruptcy filings.        Interest Expense  . No interest expense has been recognized with respect to the 2024 Notes or the 2018 Notes subsequent to the Petition Date.   
    Other long-term obligations:   These costs primarily relate to the long-term portion of production taxes payable and
asset retirement obligations.       4. SHARE BASED COMPENSATION:         Valuation and Expense Information         
 
         20   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
     Changes in Stock Options and Stock Options Outstanding     
  The following table summarizes the changes in stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended
December 31, 2015:       
      Performance Share Plans:         Long Term Incentive Plans.  The Company offers a Long Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ) in order to further align the interests of key employees with shareholders and to give key employees
the opportunity to share in the long-term performance of the Company when specific corporate financial and operational goals are achieved. Each LTIP covers a performance period of three years.   
  Under each LTIP, the Compensation Committee establishes a percentage of base salary for each participant that is multiplied by the
participant s base salary at the beginning of the performance period and individual performance level to derive a Long Term Incentive Value as a  target  value. This  target  value corresponds to the number of shares of the
Company s common stock the participant is eligible to receive if the participant is employed by the Company through the date the award vests and if the target level for all performance measures are met. In addition, each participant is assigned
threshold and maximum award levels in the event the Company s actual performance is below or above the target levels.   
   Time-Based Measure and Performance-Based Measures.  For each LTIP award, the Committee establishes time-based and performance-based
measures at the beginning of each three-year performance period. For the LTIP awards in 2015 and 2014, the Committee established the following performance-based measures: return on capital employed, debt level, and reserve replacement ratio. The
fair value of the time-based and performance-based component of the LTIP award is based on the average high and low market price of the Company s common stock on the date of award.   
   Market-Based Measure.  LTIP awards granted to officers during 2015 and 2014, include an additional performance metric, Total
Shareholder Return. The grant-date fair value related to the market-based condition was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation.   
         21   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
    Valuation Assumptions       The Company estimates the fair value of the market condition related to the LTIP awards on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions:   
   
      Stock-Based Compensation Cost:     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $3.3 million in pre-tax compensation expense related to the
2014 and 2015 LTIP awards of restricted stock units as compared to $4.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to the 2013, 2014 and 2015 LTIP awards of restricted stock units. The amounts recognized during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 assume that performance objectives between less than threshold and up to maximum are attained for the 2014 and 2015 LTIP plans. If the Company ultimately attains these performance objectives, the associated total
compensation, estimated at September 30, 2016, for each of the three year performance periods is expected to be approximately $9.3 million and $10.1 million related to the 2014 and 2015 LTIP awards of restricted stock units,
respectively.      Based on the Company s achievement relative to the 2013 LTIP s performance-based measures, and based
on the continued employment with the Company by those participants who received a payment in connection with the 2013 LTIP relative to the 2013 LTIP s time-based measures, during the first quarter of 2016 the Compensation Committee approved
payment of the 2013 LTIP. This was the first payment of an LTIP since our LTIPs were modified in 2013 to include time-based and performance-based measures. As such, the Compensation Committee elected to pay the time-based portion of the LTIP awards
in cash at the award value and the performance-based portion of the LTIP awards in shares of our common stock. The 2013 LTIP award of restricted stock units was paid in shares of the Company s stock to employees during the first quarter of 2016
and totaled $3.8 million (132,843 net shares).       5. INCOME TAXES:    
  The Company s overall effective tax rate on pre-tax income was different than the statutory rate of 35% due primarily to valuation
allowances.      The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against all deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016.
Some or all of this valuation allowance may be reversed in future periods against future income.      The Company adopted ASU
2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,  on a prospective basis in 2015. As a result, the deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as long-term in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   
         22   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
    6. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:    
    Objectives and Strategy:   The Company s major market risk exposure is in the pricing applicable to its natural gas and
oil production. Realized pricing is currently driven primarily by the prevailing price for the Company s natural gas production. Historically, prices received for natural gas production have been volatile and unpredictable. Pricing volatility
is expected to continue. As a result of its hedging activities, the Company may realize prices that are less than or greater than the spot prices that it would have received otherwise.   
  The Company relies on various types of derivative instruments to manage its exposure to commodity price risk and to provide a level of
certainty in the Company s forward cash flows supporting the Company s capital investment program.      The
Company s hedging policy limits the amounts of resources hedged to not more than 50% of its forecast production without Board approval.        Fair Value of Commodity Derivatives:   FASB ASC 815 requires that all derivatives be recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as either an asset or liability and be measured at fair
value. Changes in the derivative s fair value are recognized currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met. The Company does not apply hedge accounting to any of its derivative instruments.   
  Derivative contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are recorded as derivative assets and liabilities at fair value
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the associated unrealized gains and losses are recorded as current income or expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Unrealized gains or losses on commodity derivatives represent the non-cash
change in the fair value of these derivative instruments and do not impact operating cash flows on the cash flow statement.   
    Commodity Derivative Contracts:   At September 30, 2016, the Company had no open commodity derivative contracts to
manage price risk on a portion of its production.      The following table summarizes the pre-tax realized and unrealized (loss)
gain the Company recognized related to its derivative instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:       

(1)  
  Included in gain on commodity derivatives in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.     
  The realized gain or loss on commodity derivatives relates to actual amounts received or paid or to be received or paid under the
Company s derivative contracts and the unrealized gain or loss on commodity derivatives represents the change in the fair value of these derivative instruments over the remaining term of the contract.   
         23   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
    7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS:    
  As required by FASB ASC 820, the Company defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and establishes a three level hierarchy for measuring fair value. Fair value measurements are classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:

Level     1:     
      
  Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.   

Level     2:     
      
  Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability, including quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, and inputs that are derived from observable
market data by correlation or other means. Instruments categorized in Level 2 include non-exchange traded derivatives such as over-the-counter forwards and swaps.   

Level     3:     
      
  Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, including situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.   
 
         24   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
     Fair Value of Financial Instruments     
  The estimated fair value of financial instruments is the estimated amount at which the instrument could be exchanged currently between
willing parties. The carrying amounts reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate fair value due to the immediate or short-term maturity of these
financial instruments. The Company uses available market data and valuation methodologies to estimate the fair value of its debt. The valuation assumptions utilized to measure the fair value of the Company s debt are considered Level 2 inputs.
This disclosure is presented in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments, and does not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.   

(1)  
  At September 30, 2016, the debt included in the table above is a component of liabilities subject to compromise in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 1.
        8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:       The commencement of the chapter 11 proceedings automatically stayed certain actions against the Company, including actions to collect prepetition liabilities or to exercise control over the property of
the Company s bankruptcy estates, and the Company has obtained from the Bankruptcy Court authority to pay certain prepetition claims in the ordinary course of business notwithstanding the commencement of the chapter 11 proceedings. A future
plan of reorganization in the chapter 11 proceedings, when confirmed, will provide for the treatment of claims against the Company s bankruptcy estates, including prepetition liabilities that have not otherwise been satisfied or addressed
during the chapter 11 proceedings.        Indebtedness Claims     
  The chapter 11 filings by the Company and its various subsidiaries, including Ultra Resources, constituted events of default under the
Company s debt agreements. See Note 3 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information about the debt agreements. On or around September 1, 2016, many of the holders of this
  
         25   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   
indebtedness filed proofs of claim with the Bankruptcy Court, asserting claims for the outstanding balance of the indebtedness, unpaid interest that had accrued by the petition dates, interest
that has accrued since the petition dates (including interest at the default rates under the debt agreements), make-whole amounts, and other fees and obligations under the debt agreements. At this time, we are not able to determine the
likelihood or range of amounts attributable to claims for postpetition interest, make-whole amounts, or other fees and obligations under the debt agreements. We anticipate these claims will be resolved during our chapter 11 proceedings, although it
is possible resolution of some of these matters could occur after we emerge from chapter 11.        Rockies Express Pipeline
       On February 26, 2016, we received a letter from Sempra Rockies Marketing, LLC ( Sempra ) alleging that
we were in breach of our Capacity Release Agreement, dated March 5, 2009 (the  Capacity Agreement ), resulting from nonpayment of fees for transportation service and notifying us that Sempra was authorized to recall the capacity
released to us under the Capacity Agreement and to pursue any claims for damages or other remedies to which Sempra was entitled. On March 8, 2016, we received a letter from Sempra notifying us that Sempra was exercising its alleged right to
permanently recall the 50,000 MMBtu/day of capacity on the Rockies Express Pipeline pursuant to the Capacity Agreement and that the recall would be effective as of March 9, 2016. On August 25, 2016, Sempra filed a proof of claim with the
Bankruptcy Court for $63.8 million. We intend to object to Sempra s proof of claim. Our estimate of the potential exposure in connection with the Capacity Agreement and Sempra s claim filed in our chapter 11 proceedings ranges from $4.2
million, which represents amounts Sempra paid to Rockies Express attributable to the capacity released to us under the Capacity Agreement prior to Sempra s recalling such capacity, to $63.8 million. We anticipate Sempra s claims will be
resolved through our chapter 11 proceedings.      On April 4, 2016, we received a demand for payment and notice of
enforcement from Rockies Express Pipeline LLC ( Rockies Express ) in connection with the transportation agreement related to the Rockies Express Pipeline, pursuant to which Rockies Express demanded payment from us of $303.2 million by
April 20, 2016.      On April 14, 2016, Rockies Express filed a lawsuit against us in Harris County, Texas alleging
breach of contract and seeking damages related to the alleged breach. On August 26, 2016, Rockies Express filed a proof of claim with the Bankruptcy Court for $303.3 million. We intend to object to Rockies Express  proof of claim. Our
estimate of the potential exposure in connection with the Rockies Express lawsuit and proof of claim ranges from approximately $19.0 million, which represents accrued, unpaid invoices during the first quarter prior to contract termination, to $303.3
million, which excludes potential interest, court costs and attorney fees. Rockies Express is a member of our official committee of unsecured creditors. We anticipate Rockies Express  claims will be resolved through our chapter 11 proceedings.
       Royalties        On April 19, 2016, the Company received a preliminary determination notice from the Office of Natural Resources Revenue ( ONRR ) asserting that the Company s allocation of certain
processing costs and plant fuel use at certain processing plants were impermissibly charged as deductions in the determination of royalties owed under Federal oil and gas leases. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company responded to the
preliminary determination asserting the reasonableness of its allocation methodology of such costs, noting several matters we believed should have been considered in the preliminary determination notice. The ONRR unbundling review
  
         26   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
   
could ultimately result in an order for payment of additional royalties under the Company s Federal oil and gas leases for current and prior periods. The Company is not able to
determine the likelihood or range of any additional royalties or, if and when assessed, whether such amounts would be material.   
    Oil Sales Contract        On April 29, 2016, the Company received a letter from counsel to Sunoco Partners Marketing   Terminals L.P. ( SPMT ) asserting that (1) the Company had breached, by
anticipatory repudiation, a contract for the purchase and sale of crude oil between Ultra Resources and SPMT and (2) the contract was terminated. In the letter, SPMT demanded payment for damages resulting from the breach in the amount of $38.6
million. On August 31, 2016, SPMT filed a proof of claim with the Bankruptcy Court for $16.9 million. We dispute SPMT s positions in the letter and its proof of claim, and we intend to object to SPMT s proof of claim. At this time, we
are not able to determine the likelihood or range of damages owed to SPMT, if any, related to this matter, or, if and when such amounts are assessed, whether such amounts would be material. SPMT is a member of our official committee of unsecured
creditors. We anticipate SPMT s claims will be resolved through our chapter 11 proceedings.      On April 26, 2016, Big
West Oil LLC ( Big West ) and the Company entered into a Temporary Suspension of Contracts and Interim Crude Oil Purchase and Sale Agreement. Pursuant to the Interim Purchase Agreement, for a period of 180 days after the Petition Date
( Suspension Period ), the parties suspended performance under the Crude Contracts, provided that the Company would sell and deliver crude oil to Big West during the suspension period. On October 10, 2016, Big West and the Company
entered an extension of the Suspension Period through January 21, 2017. On August 30, 2016, Big West filed a proof of claim with the Bankruptcy Court for $32.6 million related to lost profits associated with the Interim Purchase Agreement.
We intend to object to Big West s proof of claim. At this time, we are not able to determine the likelihood or range of damages owed to Big West, if any, or, if and when such amounts are assessed, whether such amounts would be material. We
anticipate Big West s claims will be resolved through our chapter 11 proceedings.        Other Claims     
  The Company is currently involved in various routine disputes and allegations incidental to its business operations. While it is not
possible to determine the ultimate disposition of these matters, the Company believes that the resolution of all such pending or threatened litigation is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or
results of operations.       9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS:       The Company has evaluated the period subsequent to September 30, 2016 for events that did not exist at the balance sheet date but arose after that date and determined that no subsequent events arose
that should be disclosed in order to keep the financial statements from being misleading.   
         27   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
    10. SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL STATEMENT INFORMATION:    
  The following are the financial statements of Ultra Petroleum Corp. (the  Parent Company ), which are included to provide
additional information with respect to the Parent Company s results of operations, financial position and cash flows on a stand-alone basis:       CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS        
 
         28   

Table of Contents  

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   (Debtor-in-Possession)        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued)    
   (Unaudited)          
    CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET    
   
     CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS    

29   

Table of Contents  

       ITEM 2        MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS           The following discussion of the financial
condition and operating results of the Company should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes. Except as otherwise indicated, all amounts are expressed in U.S. dollars.   
   Overview       Ultra
Petroleum Corp. (the  Company ) is an independent exploration and production company focused on developing its long-life natural gas reserves in the Green River Basin of Wyoming   the Pinedale and Jonah fields, its oil reserves in the
Uinta Basin in Utah and its natural gas reserves in the Appalachian Basin of Pennsylvania. The Company operates in one industry segment, natural gas and oil exploration and development, within one geographical segment, the United States.   
  The Company currently conducts operations exclusively in the United States. Substantially all of its oil and natural gas activities are
conducted jointly with others and, accordingly, amounts presented reflect only the Company s proportionate interest in such activities. The Company continues to focus on improving its drilling and production results through gaining efficiencies
with the use of advanced technologies, detailed technical analysis of its properties and leveraging its experience into improved operational efficiencies. Inflation has not had, nor is it expected to have in the foreseeable future, a material impact
on the Company s results of operations.      The Company currently generates its revenue, earnings and cash flow primarily
from the production and sales of natural gas and condensate from its properties in southwest Wyoming with a portion of the Company s revenues coming from oil sales from its properties in the Uinta Basin in Utah and gas sales from wells located
in the Appalachian Basin in Pennsylvania. In 2014, the Company repositioned its portfolio to higher returning assets in the western U.S. while divesting lower returning assets in the eastern U.S. Additionally, as part of the acquisition of assets in
the Pinedale Field in Sublette County, Wyoming in September 2014 (the  SWEPI Transaction ), the Company acquired contracts related to NGLs providing the opportunity to realize the benefit of the NGLs from the gas it produces in Wyoming
beginning in 2017.      The prices of oil and natural gas are critical factors to the Company s business. The prices of oil
and natural gas have historically been volatile, and this volatility could be detrimental to the Company s financial performance. As a result, and from time to time, the Company tries to limit the impact of this volatility on its results by
entering into swap agreements and/or fixed price forward physical delivery contracts for natural gas and oil. (See Note 6 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements).   
  During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the average price realization for the Company s natural gas was $2.62 per Mcf
compared with $2.68 per Mcf during the quarter ended September 30, 2015. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company s average price realization for natural gas was $3.33 per Mcf, including realized gains and losses on commodity
derivatives. The Company does not currently have any open derivative contracts for natural gas production.      During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, the average price realization for the Company s oil was $41.55 per barrel compared to $39.43 per barrel for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.       Chapter 11 Proceedings, Ability to Continue as a Going Concern         Chapter 11
Proceedings        On April 29, 2016 (the  Petition Date ), to restructure their respective obligations and
capital structures, the Company and each of its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the  Debtors ) filed   
         30   

Table of Contents  

voluntary petitions under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the
 Bankruptcy Court ). The Debtors  chapter 11 cases are being jointly administered for procedural purposes under the caption In re Ultra Petroleum Corp., et al, Case No. 16-32202 (MI) (Bankr. S.D. Tex.). Information about our
chapter 11 cases is available at our website (www.ultrapetroleum.com) and also at a website maintained by our claims agent, Epiq Systems (http://dm.epiq11.com/UPT/Docket).      We are currently operating our business as a debtor-in-possession in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. After we filed our chapter 11
petitions, the Bankruptcy Court granted certain relief we requested enabling us to conduct our business activities in the ordinary course, including, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions of such orders, authorizing us to pay
employee wages and benefits, pay taxes and certain governmental fees and charges, continue to operate our cash management system in the ordinary course, remit funds we hold from time to time for the benefit of third parties (such as royalty owners),
and pay the prepetition claims of certain of our vendors that hold liens under applicable non-bankruptcy law. For goods and services provided following the Petition Date, we intend to pay vendors in full under normal terms.   
  Subject to certain exceptions provided for in section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, all judicial and administrative proceedings against us
or our property were automatically enjoined, or stayed, as of the Petition Date. In addition, the filing of new judicial or administrative actions against us or our property for claims arising prior to the date on which our chapter 11 cases were
filed were automatically enjoined. This prohibits, for example, our lenders or noteholders from pursuing claims for defaults under our debt agreements and our contract counterparties from pursuing claims for defaults under our contracts.
Accordingly, unless the Bankruptcy Court agrees to lift the automatic stay, all of our prepetition liabilities and obligations should be settled or compromised under the Bankruptcy Code as part of our chapter 11 proceedings.   
  Our operations and ability to execute our business remain subject to the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A,  Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016. In addition, our assets, liabilities, including
our capital structure, shareholders, officers and/or directors could change materially because of our chapter 11 cases. In addition, the description of our operations, properties and capital plans included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may
not accurately reflect our operations, properties and capital plans after we emerge from chapter 11.        Creditors  Committees  
Appointment   Formation        On May 5, 2016, the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas
appointed an official committee for unsecured creditors of all of the Debtors (the  UCC ). On September 26, 2016, the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas filed a Notice of Reconstitution of the UCC. In addition,
certain other stakeholders have organized for purposes of participating in the Debtors  chapter 11 cases: (i) on June 8, 2016, an informal ad hoc committee of unsecured creditors of our subsidiary, Ultra Resources, Inc., notified the
Bankruptcy Court it had formed and identified its members; (ii) on June 13, 2016, an informal ad hoc committee of the holders of senior notes issued by the Company notified the Bankruptcy Court it had formed and identified its members; and
(iii) on July 20, 2016, an informal ad hoc committee of shareholders of the Company notified the Bankruptcy Court it had formed and identified its members. We expect each of the committees to be involved in our chapter 11 cases, and any
disagreements with any of the committees may extend our chapter 11 cases, increase the cost of our chapter 11 cases, and/or delay our emergence from chapter 11.        Exclusivity; Plan of Reorganization        The Bankruptcy Code provides
chapter 11 debtors-in-possession with the exclusive right to file a plan of reorganization under chapter 11 through a period of time specified in the Bankruptcy Code, which period may be   
         31   

Table of Contents  

extended by the Bankruptcy Court. On July 27, 2016, we filed a motion seeking an extension of the exclusive chapter 11 plan filing period. At a hearing conducted on August 25, 2016, the
Bankruptcy Court extended our exclusive right to file a plan of reorganization under chapter 11 through and including March 1, 2017, and to solicit acceptances of such plan through and including May 1, 2017, subject to our producing and
delivering a long-term business plan prior to December 1, 2016.      We plan to emerge from our chapter 11 cases after we
obtain approval from the Bankruptcy Court for a chapter 11 plan of reorganization. Among other things, a chapter 11 plan of reorganization will determine the rights and satisfy the claims of our prepetition creditors and security holders. The terms
and conditions of a chapter 11 plan of reorganization will be determined through negotiations with our stakeholders and, possibly, decisions by the Bankruptcy Court.      Under the absolute priority scheme established by the Bankruptcy Code, unless our creditors agree otherwise, all of our prepetition liabilities and postpetition liabilities must be satisfied in full
before the holders of our existing common stock can receive any distribution or retain any property under a chapter 11 plan of reorganization. The ultimate recovery to creditors and/or shareholders, if any, will not be determined until confirmation
and implementation of a plan or plans of reorganization. We can give no assurance that any recovery or distribution of any amount will be made to any of our creditors or shareholders. Our plan of reorganization could result in any of the holders of
our liabilities and/or securities, including our common stock, receiving no distribution on account of their interests and cancellation of their holdings. Moreover, a plan of reorganization can be confirmed, under the Bankruptcy Code, even if the
holders of our common stock vote against the plan and even if the plan provides that the holders of our common stock receive no distribution on account of their equity interests.        Liabilities Subject to Compromise        We have applied Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 852, Reorganizations, in preparing the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, the consolidated financial statements presented here include
amounts classified as  liabilities subject to compromise.  This amount represents estimates of known or potential prepetition claims expected to be resolved in connection with our chapter 11 proceedings. Additional amounts may be included
in liabilities subject to compromise in future periods if we elect to reject executory contracts and unexpired leases as part of our chapter 11 cases. Due to the uncertain nature of many of the potential claims, the magnitude of potential claims is
not reasonably estimable at this time. Potential claims not currently included with liabilities subject to compromise in our Consolidated Balance Sheets may be material. In addition, differences between amounts we are reporting as liabilities
subject to compromise in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the amounts attributable to such matters claimed by our creditors or approved by the Bankruptcy Court may be material. We will continue to evaluate our liabilities throughout the
chapter 11 process, and we plan to make adjustments in future periods as necessary and appropriate. Such adjustments may be material.      Under the Bankruptcy Code, we may assume, assign, or reject certain executory contracts and unexpired leases, subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court and certain other conditions. If we reject a
contract or lease, such rejection generally (1) is treated as a prepetition breach of the contract or lease, (2) subject to certain exceptions, relieves the Debtors of performing their future obligations under such contract or lease, and
(3) entitles the counterparty thereto to a prepetition general unsecured claim for damages caused by such deemed breach. If we assume an executory contract or unexpired lease, we are generally required to cure any existing monetary defaults
under such contract or lease and provide adequate assurance of future performance to the counterparty. Accordingly, any description of an executory contract or unexpired lease in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including any quantification of
our obligations under any such contract or lease, is wholly qualified by the rejection rights we have under the Bankruptcy Code. Further, nothing herein is or shall be deemed an admission with respect to any claim amounts or calculations arising
from the rejection of any executory contract or unexpired lease and we expressly preserve all of our rights with respect thereto.   
         32   

Table of Contents  

   The following table summarizes the components of liabilities subject to compromise included
in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016:       
      Schedules and Statements   Magnitude of Potential Claims   Claims Resolution Process
       On June 8, 2016, each of the Debtors filed a Schedule of Assets and Liabilities and Statement of Financial
Affairs (collectively, the  Schedules and Statements ) with the Bankruptcy Court setting forth, among other things, the assets and liabilities of the Debtors, subject to the assumptions filed in connection therewith. On October 14,
2016, Ultra Wyoming LGS, LLC ( UWLGS ), one of the Debtors and our indirect, wholly owned subsidiary, filed an amendment to its Schedules and Statements. The Schedules and Statements are subject to further amendment or modification.
Certain holders of prepetition claims were required to file proofs of claim by the deadline for filing certain proofs of claims in the Debtors  Chapter 11 cases, which deadline was September 1, 2016, for prepetition general unsecured
claims and October 26, 2016, for governmental claims. Differences between amounts scheduled by the Debtors and claims by creditors will be investigated and resolved in connection with the claims resolution process. In light of the expected
number of creditors, the claims resolution process may take considerable time to complete and we expect will continue after our emergence from bankruptcy. Accordingly, the ultimate number and amount of allowed claims is not presently known, nor can
the ultimate recovery with respect to allowed claims be presently ascertained.      To the best of our knowledge, we have notified
all of our known current or potential creditors that the Debtors have filed chapter 11 cases. These documents set forth, among other things, the assets and liabilities of each of the Debtors, including executory contracts to which each of the
Debtors is a party, are subject to the qualifications and assumptions included therein, and are subject to amendment or modification as our chapter 11 cases proceed.      Through the claims resolution process, differences in amounts scheduled by the Debtors and claims filed by creditors will be investigated and resolved, including through the filing of objections with the
Bankruptcy Court where appropriate.      Many of the claims identified in the Schedules and Statements are listed as disputed,
contingent or unliquidated. In addition, there are differences between the amounts for certain claims listed in the Schedules and Statements and the amounts claimed by our creditors. Such differences, as well as other disputes and contingencies will
be investigated and resolved as part of our claims resolution process in our chapter 11 cases. Please refer to Note 8 for additional information about contingent matters and commitments reflected in the claims filed in our chapter 11 cases.
     Pursuant to the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, some creditors who wished to assert prepetition claims against us and
whose claim (i) was not listed in the Schedules and Statements or (ii) was listed in the Schedules and Statements as disputed, contingent, or unliquidated, were required to file a proof of claim with the Bankruptcy Court prior to the bar
date set by the court. The bar date for non-governmental creditors was September 1, 2016, and the bar date for governmental creditors was October 26, 2016.      The claims filed against the Debtors to date are voluminous. Further, it is possible that claimants will file amended or modified claims in the future, including modifications or amendments to assign
values to claims originally filed with no designated value. The amended or modified claims may be material.   
         33   

Table of Contents  

   We plan to investigate and evaluate all filed claims in connection with our plan of
reorganization. As a part of the claims resolution process, we anticipate working to resolve differences in amounts we listed in our Schedules and Statements and amounts of claims filed by our creditors. We have already identified, for example,
claims that we believe should be disallowed by the Bankruptcy Court because they are duplicative, have been later amended or superseded, are without merit, are overstated or for other reasons. We will file objections with the Bankruptcy Court as
necessary for claims we believe should be disallowed.        Tax Attributes; Net Operating Loss Carryforwards     
  We have substantial tax net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes. Under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, our ability to
use these net operating losses and other tax attributes may be limited if we experience a change of control, as determined under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly, we obtained an order from the Bankruptcy Court that is intended to protect
our ability to use our tax attributes by imposing certain notice procedures and transfer restrictions on the trading of the Company s common stock.      In general, the order applies to any person or entity that, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns (or would beneficially own as a result of a proposed transfer) at least 4.5% of the Company s
common stock. Such persons are required to notify us and the Bankruptcy Court before effecting a transaction that might result in us losing the ability to use our tax attributes, and we have the right to seek an injunction to prevent the transaction
if it might adversely affect our ability to use our tax attributes.      Any purchase, sale or other transfer of our equity
securities in violation of the restrictions of the order is null and void ab initio as an act in violation of a Bankruptcy Court order and would therefore confer no rights on a proposed transferee.   
    Costs of Reorganization        We have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs associated with our reorganization and the chapter 11 proceedings. We expect these costs, which are being expensed as incurred, will
significantly affect our results of operations. In addition, a non-cash charge to write-off the unamortized debt issuance costs related to our funded indebtedness is included in  Reorganization items, net  as these debt instruments are
expected to be impacted by the pendency of the Company s chapter 11 cases. For additional information about the costs of our reorganization and chapter 11 proceedings, see  Reorganization items, net  below.   
  The following table summarizes the components included in Reorganization items, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016:       

(1)  
  Represents professional fees related directly to the chapter 11 filings for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016.     

(2)  
  A non-cash charge to write-off all of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the unsecured Credit Agreement, unsecured Senior Notes issued by Ultra Resources,
Inc., the unsecured 2018 Senior Notes issued by the Company and the unsecured 2024 Senior Notes issued by the Company is included in Reorganization items, net as these debt instruments are expected to be impacted by the pendency of the
Company s chapter 11 cases.         

(3)  
  Cash interest income earned for the period after the Petition Date on excess cash over normal invested capital.     
         34   

Table of Contents  

     Ability to Continue as a Going Concern     
  The condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been prepared on a going concern basis
of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The condensed consolidated financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of our chapter 11 proceedings. We have significant indebtedness, all of which we have reclassified to liabilities subject to compromise at September 30, 2016. Our level of indebtedness has adversely impacted and is
continuing to adversely impact our financial condition. As a result of our financial condition, the defaults under our debt agreements, and the risks and uncertainties surrounding our chapter 11 proceedings, substantial doubt exists that we will be
able to continue as a going concern.       Critical Accounting Policies    
  The discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations is based upon consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ). In addition, application of GAAP requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the revenues and expenses reported during the period. Changes in these estimates related to judgments and assumptions will occur as a result of future events, and,
accordingly, actual results could differ from amounts estimated. Set forth below is a discussion of the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements which we believe involve the most complex or subjective
decisions or assessments.        Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.   The Company follows Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ( FASB ASC 815 ). The Company records the fair value of its commodity derivatives as an asset or liability
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and records the changes in the fair value of its commodity derivatives in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.        Fair Value Measurements.   The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( FASB ASC 820 ). Under FASB ASC 820, fair value is defined as the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at measurement date and establishes a three level hierarchy for measuring fair value.   
    Asset Retirement Obligation.   The Company s asset retirement obligations ( ARO ) consist primarily of
estimated costs of dismantlement, removal, site reclamation and similar activities associated with its oil and natural gas properties. FASB ASC Topic 410, Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations ( FASB ASC 410 ) requires that the
fair value of a liability for an ARO be recognized in the period in which it is incurred with the associated asset retirement cost capitalized as part of the carrying cost of the oil and natural gas asset. The recognition of an ARO requires that
management make numerous estimates, assumptions and judgments regarding such factors as the existence of a legal obligation for an ARO, amounts and timing of settlements, the credit-adjusted, risk-free rate to be used, inflation rates, and future
advances in technology. In periods subsequent to initial measurement of the ARO, the Company must recognize period-to-period changes in the liability resulting from the passage of time and revisions to either the timing or the amount of the original
estimate of undiscounted cash flows. Increases in the ARO liability due to the passage of time impact net income as accretion expense. The related capitalized costs, including revisions thereto, are charged to expense through depletion, depreciation
and amortization ( DD A ). As a full cost company, settlements for asset retirement obligations for abandonment are adjusted to the full cost pool. The asset retirement obligation is included within other long-term obligations in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.        Share-Based Payment Arrangements.   The Company applies FASB ASC
Topic 718, Compensation   Stock Compensation ( FASB ASC 718 ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors, including employee stock
options,   
         35   

Table of Contents  

based on estimated fair values. Share-based compensation expense recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $4.0 million and $5.5 million, respectively.
See Note 4 for additional information.        Property, Plant and Equipment.   Capital assets are recorded at
cost and depreciated using the declining-balance method based on their respective useful life.        Full Cost Method of
Accounting.   The Company uses the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas exploration and development activities as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Release No. 33-8995, Modernization of Oil
and Gas Reporting Requirements ( SEC Release No. 33-8995 ) and FASB ASC Topic 932, Extractive Activities   Oil and Gas ( FASB ASC 932 ). Under the full cost method of accounting, all costs associated with the
exploration for and development of oil and gas reserves are capitalized on a country-by-country basis. Such costs include land acquisition costs, geological and geophysical expenses, carrying charges on non-producing properties, costs of drilling
both productive and non-productive wells and overhead charges directly related to acquisition, exploration and development activities. Substantially all of the oil and gas activities are conducted jointly with others and, accordingly, the amounts
reflect only the Company s proportionate interest in such activities.      Companies that use the full cost method of
accounting for oil and natural gas exploration and development activities are required to perform a ceiling test calculation each quarter. The full cost ceiling test is an impairment test prescribed by SEC Regulation S-X Rule 4-10. The
ceiling test is performed quarterly, on a country-by-country basis, utilizing the average of prices in effect on the first day of the month for the preceding twelve month period in accordance with SEC Release No. 33-8995. The ceiling limits
such pooled costs to the aggregate of the present value of future net revenues attributable to proved crude oil and natural gas reserves discounted at 10% plus the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties less any associated tax effects.
If such capitalized costs exceed the ceiling, the Company will record a write-down to the extent of such excess as a non-cash charge to earnings. Any such write-down will reduce earnings in the period of occurrence and results in a lower DD A
rate in future periods. A write-down may not be reversed in future periods even though higher oil and natural gas prices may subsequently increase the ceiling.      The calculation of the ceiling test is based upon estimates of proved reserves. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves, in projecting the future rates of
production and in the timing of development activities. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Results of drilling, testing and production
subsequent to the date of the estimate may justify revision of such estimate. Accordingly, reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered. The Company did not have any write-downs
related to the full cost ceiling limitation during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.        Capitalized
Interest.   Interest is capitalized on the cost of unevaluated gas and oil properties that are excluded from amortization and actively being evaluated, if any (See Note 2).   
    Revenue Recognition.   The Company generally sells oil and natural gas under both long-term and short-term agreements at
prevailing market prices. The Company recognizes revenues when the oil and natural gas is delivered, which occurs when the customer has taken title and has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership, prices are fixed or determinable and
collectability is reasonably assured. The Company accounts for oil and natural gas sales using the  entitlements method.  Under the entitlements method, revenue is recorded based upon the Company s ownership share of volumes sold,
regardless of whether it has taken its ownership share of such volumes.      Make-up provisions and ultimate settlements of volume
imbalances are generally governed by agreements between the Company and its partners with respect to specific properties or, in the absence of such agreements,   
         36   

Table of Contents  

through negotiation. The value of volumes over- or under-produced can change based on changes in commodity prices. The Company prefers the entitlements method of accounting for oil and natural
gas sales because it allows for recognition of revenue based on its actual share of jointly owned production, results in better matching of revenue with related operating expenses, and provides balance sheet recognition of the estimated value of
product imbalance. The Company s imbalance obligations as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were immaterial.        Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets.   The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, future income tax assets and liabilities are
determined based on differences between the financial statement carrying values and their respective income tax basis (temporary differences).      To assess the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.      The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against
certain of its deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016. Some or all of this valuation allowance may be reversed in future periods against future income.        Deferred Financing Costs.   During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, a non-cash charge to write-off all of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the unsecured Credit
Agreement, unsecured Senior Notes issued by Ultra Resources, Inc., the unsecured 2018 Senior Notes issued by the Company and the unsecured 2024 Senior Notes issued by the Company is included in Reorganization items, net in the accompanying
Consolidated Statements of Operations as these debt instruments are expected to be impacted by the pendency of the Company s chapter 11 cases. At December 31, 2015, other current assets includes costs associated with the issuance of our
revolving credit facility while costs associated with the issuance of our Senior Notes, 2018 Notes and 2024 Notes are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability.   
    Deposits and Retainers.   Deposits and retainers primarily consists of payments related to surety bonds.   
    Recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted.   In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU No. 2016-09 ) to simplify some of the provisions in stock compensation accounting. The update
simplifies the accounting for a stock payment s tax consequences and amends how excess tax benefits and a business s payments to cover the tax bills for the shares  recipients should be classified. The amendments allow companies to
estimate the number of stock awards expected to vest and revises the withholding requirements for classifying stock awards as equity. For public companies, the standard will take effect for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2016 with earlier application permitted. The Company is still evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2016-09 on its financial position and results of operations.   
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU2016-02,  Leases ( ASU No. 2016-02 ) . The guidance requires that lessees will
be required to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. The ASU will also require disclosures designed to give financial statement users information
on the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative information. For public companies, the standard will take effect for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018 with earlier application permitted. The Company is still evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2016-02 on its financial position and results of operations.   
         37   

Table of Contents  

   In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the
Measurement of Inventory  ( ASU No. 2015-11 ). Public companies will have to apply the amendments for reporting periods that start after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. This ASU requires
an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The
company does not expect the adoption of ASU No. 2015-11 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.      In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-15,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)   Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements . These ASUs require capitalized debt issuance costs, except
for those related to revolving credit facilities, to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, rather than as an asset. The Company adopted these ASUs on January 1, 2016,
using a retrospective approach. The adoption resulted in a reclassification that reduced current assets and current maturities of long-term debt by $19.4 million on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015. A non-cash
charge to write-off all of the unamortized debt issuance costs is included in Reorganization items, net at June 30, 2016 as the related debt instruments are expected to be impacted by the pendency of the Company s chapter 11 cases.
     The FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , ASU 2016-08,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , and ASU 2016-10,  Revenues from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and
Licensing , which supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition , and industry-specific guidance in Subtopic 932-605,  Extractive Activities-Oil and Gas-Revenue Recognition  and require
an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company is required to adopt
the new standards in the first quarter of 2018 using one of two retrospective application methods. The Company is continuing to evaluate the provisions of these ASUs, and has not determined the impact these standards may have on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures or decided upon the method of adoption.      In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU No. 2014-15 ) that requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued on both an interim and annual basis. Management is required to provide certain footnote disclosures if it concludes that
substantial doubt exists or when its plans alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU No. 2014-15 becomes effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim
reporting periods thereafter. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.        Conversion of Barrels of Oil to Mcfe of Gas  . The Company converts Bbls of oil and other liquid hydrocarbons to Mcfe at a ratio of one Bbl of oil or liquids to six Mcfe. This conversion
ratio, which is typically used in the oil and gas industry, represents the approximate energy equivalent of a barrel of oil or other liquids to an Mcf of natural gas. The sales price of one Bbl of oil or liquids has been much higher than the sales
price of six Mcf of natural gas over the last several years, so a six to one conversion ratio does not represent the economic equivalency of six Mcf of natural gas to a Bbl of oil or other liquids.   
         38   

Table of Contents  

    RESULTS OF OPERATIONS:    

39   

Table of Contents  

     Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Quarter Ended September 30, 2015     
    Production, Commodity Derivatives and Revenues:         Production.  During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, total production decreased on a gas equivalent basis to 69.3 Bcfe compared to 75.4 Bcfe for the same quarter in 2015. The
decrease is primarily attributable to decreased capital investment during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   
   Commodity Prices   Natural Gas.  Realized natural gas prices decreased 2% to $2.62 per Mcf in the third quarter of 2016 as
compared to $2.68 per Mcf for the same quarter of 2015. The Company does not currently have any open derivative contracts for natural gas production. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company s average price for natural
gas including realized gains and losses on commodity derivatives was $3.33 per Mcf.       Commodity Prices   Oil. 
During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the average price realization for the Company s oil was $41.55 per barrel compared to $39.43 per barrel for the same period in 2015. The Company does not currently have any open derivative
contracts for oil production.       Revenues.  The decrease in average natural gas prices and decreased total production
resulted in revenues decreasing to $199.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $222.5 million for the same period in 2015.        Operating Costs and Expenses:         Lease Operating Expense.  Lease
operating expense ( LOE ) decreased to $19.9 million during the third quarter of 2016 compared to $28.6 million during the same period in 2015 largely related to lower costs due to improved efficiencies. On a unit of production
basis, LOE costs decreased to $0.29 per Mcfe during the third quarter of 2016 compared with $0.38 per Mcfe during the third quarter of 2015.       Liquids Gathering System Operating Lease Expense.  During December 2012, the Company sold a system of liquids gathering pipelines and central gathering facilities (the  LGS ) and certain
associated real property rights in the Pinedale Anticline in Wyoming. The Company entered into a long-term, triple net lease agreement with the buyer relating to the use of the LGS (the  Lease Agreement ). The Lease Agreement provides for
an initial term of 15 years, and annual rent for the initial term under the Lease Agreement is $20.0 million (as adjusted annually for changes based on the consumer price index) and may increase if certain volume thresholds are exceeded. The lease
is classified as an operating lease. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized operating lease expense associated with the Lease Agreement of $5.2 million, or $0.07 per Mcfe, as compared to $5.2 million, or $0.07 per
Mcfe for the same period in 2015.       Production Taxes.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, production
taxes remained relatively flat at $20.7 million compared to $19.8 million during the same period in 2015, or $0.30 per Mcfe compared to $0.26 per Mcfe, respectively. Production taxes are primarily calculated based on a percentage of
revenue from production in Wyoming and Utah after certain deductions and were 10.4% of revenues for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 8.9% of revenues for the same period in 2015.   
   Gathering Fees.  Gathering fees decreased to $21.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$23.1 million during the same period in 2015 largely related to decreased production. On a per unit basis, gathering fees remained flat at $0.31 per Mcfe for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.
      Transportation Charges.  As a result of termination of the Rockies Express Pipeline ( Rockies Express )
contract during the second quarter, there were no material transportation charges for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Transportation charges were $21.3 million for the same period in 2015. See Note 8 for further discussion of the
Rockies Express contract.   
         40   

Table of Contents  

    Depletion, Depreciation and Amortization.  DD A expenses decreased to
$31.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $92.8 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to a decreased DD A rate on a unit of production basis as a result of the ceiling test
impairment during the fourth quarter of 2015. On a unit of production basis, the DD A rate decreased to $0.45 per Mcfe for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.23 per Mcfe for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.
      General and Administrative Expenses.  General and administrative expenses decreased to $1.6 million for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4.6 million for the same period in 2015 primarily related to corporate cost cutting measures. On a per unit basis, general and administrative expenses decreased to $0.02 per Mcfe for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.06 per Mcfe for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.        Other Income and
Expenses:         Interest Expense.  During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there was no interest expense
recognized compared to $43.1 million during the same period in 2015. No interest expense has been recognized subsequent to the petition date of April 29, 2016. (See Note 3).   
   Deferred Gain on Sale of Liquids Gathering System.  During the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
recognized $2.6 million in deferred gain on sale of the liquids gathering system relating to the sale of a system of pipelines and central gathering facilities and certain associated real property rights in the Pinedale Anticline in Wyoming during
December 2012.        Commodity Derivatives:         Gain/(Loss) on Commodity Derivatives.  The Company does not currently have any open commodity derivative contracts. During the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized a gain of
$9.4 million related to commodity derivatives. Of this total, the Company recognized $45.3 million of realized gain on commodity derivatives during the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The realized gain or loss on commodity derivatives
relates to actual amounts received or paid or to be received or paid under the Company s derivative contracts. This amount also includes an unrealized loss on commodity derivatives of $35.9 million during the quarter ended September 30,
2015. The unrealized gain or loss on commodity derivatives represents the change in the fair value of these derivative instruments over the remaining term of the contract. See Note 6.        Reorganization Items:         Reorganization Items, Net.
 Reorganization items, net of $3.1 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 are primarily made up of professional fees associated with the pendency of the Company s chapter 11 cases.   
    Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations:         Pretax Income (loss).  The Company recognized income before income taxes of $98.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared with a loss before income taxes of
$4.2 million for the same period in 2015. The increase in earnings is primarily due to decreased DD A, reduced interest expense and reduced transportation costs during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and partially offset by
costs associated with the reorganization and decreased revenues as a result of decreased natural gas prices during the three months ended September 30, 2016.       Income Taxes.  The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against all deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016. Some or all of this valuation allowance may be reversed in future periods
against future income.   
         41   

Table of Contents  

    Net Income (Loss).  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
recognized net income of $98.4 million, or $0.64 per diluted share, as compared with a net loss of $3.1 million or -$0.02 per diluted share, for the same period in 2015. The increase in earnings is primarily due to decreased DD A,
reduced interest expense and reduced transportation costs during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and partially offset by costs associated with the reorganization and decreased revenues as a result of decreased natural gas prices and
total production during the three months ended September 30, 2016.        Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015          Production, Commodity Derivatives and Revenues:     
   Production.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, total production decreased slightly by -1% on a gas equivalent
basis to 213.5 Bcfe compared to 216.3 Bcfe for the same period in 2015.       Commodity Prices   Natural Gas. 
Realized natural gas prices decreased 21% to $2.13 per Mcf during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $2.68 per Mcf for the same period in 2015. The Company does not currently have any open derivative contracts for natural
gas production. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company s average price for natural gas including realized gains and losses on commodity derivatives was $3.32 per Mcf.   
   Commodity Prices   Oil.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the average price realization for the
Company s oil was $35.98 per barrel compared with $41.75 per barrel during the same period in 2015. The Company does not currently have any open derivative contracts for oil production.   
   Revenues.  The decrease in average oil and natural gas prices resulted in revenues decreasing to $505.2 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $649.8 million for the same period in 2015.        Operating Costs and Expenses:
        Lease Operating Expense.  LOE decreased to $67.2 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $82.5 million during the same period in 2015 largely related to lower costs due to improved efficiencies. On a unit of production basis, LOE costs decreased to $0.31 per Mcfe during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $0.38 per Mcfe during the same period in 2015.       Liquids Gathering System Operating Lease Expense.  During
December 2012, the Company sold the LGS and certain associated real property rights in the Pinedale Anticline in Wyoming and the Company entered into the Lease Agreement. The Lease Agreement provides for an initial term of 15 years, and annual rent
for the initial term under the Lease Agreement is $20.0 million (as adjusted annually for changes based on the consumer price index) and may increase if certain volume thresholds are exceeded. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company recognized operating lease expense associated with the Lease Agreement of $15.5 million, or $0.07 per Mcfe, as compared to $15.5 million, or $0.07 per Mcfe, for the same period in 2015.   
   Production Taxes.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, production taxes were $49.4 million compared to
$56.9 million during the same period in 2015, or $0.23 per Mcfe compared to $0.26 per Mcfe. Production taxes are primarily calculated based on a percentage of revenue from production in Wyoming and Utah after certain deductions and were 9.8% of
revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 8.8% of revenues for the same period in 2015. The decrease in per unit taxes is primarily attributable to decreased oil and natural gas prices during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.       Gathering Fees.  Gathering fees decreased slightly to
$65.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $65.4 million during the same period in 2015. On a per unit basis, gathering fees remained flat at $0.30 per Mcfe for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015.   
         42   

Table of Contents  

    Transportation Charges.  Transportation charges decreased to $23.8 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $62.6 million for the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of the termination of the Rockies Express contract during the second quarter of 2016. See Note 8 for further discussion
of the Rockies Express contract.       Depletion, Depreciation and Amortization.  DD A expenses decreased to
$93.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $279.8 million for the same period in 2015, primarily attributable to a decreased DD A rate on a unit of production basis as a result of the ceiling test
impairment during the fourth quarter of 2015. On a unit of production basis, the DD A rate decreased to $0.44 per Mcfe for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.29 per Mcfe for the nine months ended September 30,
2015.       General and Administrative Expenses.  General and administrative expenses decreased to $7.2 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $10.6 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease in general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to corporate cost cutting measures. On a per unit basis, general and
administrative expenses decreased to $0.03 per Mcfe for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.05 per Mcfe for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.        Other Income and Expenses:         Interest Expense.  Interest
expense decreased to $66.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $128.4 million during the same period in 2015. No interest expense has been recognized subsequent to the petition date of April 29,
2016. (See Note 3).       Litigation Expense.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized
litigation expenses of $4.4 million related to the resolution of litigation matters.       Restructuring Expenses.  During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $7.2 million in costs and fees in connection with its efforts to restructure its debt prior to filing the chapter 11 petitions.   
   Deferred Gain on Sale of Liquids Gathering System.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
recognized $7.9 million in deferred gain on sale of the liquids gathering system relating to the sale of a system of pipelines and central gathering facilities and certain associated real property rights in the Pinedale Anticline in Wyoming during
December 2012.        Commodity Derivatives:         Gain (Loss) on Commodity Derivatives.  The Company does not currently have any open commodity derivative contracts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized a
gain of $42.6 million related to commodity derivatives. Of this total, the Company recognized $127.3 million of realized gain on commodity derivatives. The realized gain or loss on commodity derivatives relates to actual amounts received or
paid or to be received or paid under the Company s derivative contracts. This amount also includes an unrealized loss on commodity derivatives of $84.7 million. The unrealized gain or loss on commodity derivatives represents the change in
the fair value of these derivative instruments over the remaining term of the contract. See Note 6.        Reorganization Items:
        Reorganization Items, Net.  Reorganization items, net of $25.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 are primarily made up of professional fees and a non-cash charge to write-off all of the unamortized debt issuance costs totaling $18.7 million related to the unsecured Credit Agreement, unsecured Senior Notes issued by Ultra
Resources the unsecured 2018 Senior Notes issued by the Company and the unsecured 2024 Senior Notes issued by the Company as these debt instruments are expected to be impacted by the pendency of the Company s chapter 11 cases.   
         43   

Table of Contents  

     Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations:     
   Pretax Income (loss).  The Company recognized income before income taxes of $90.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared with a loss before income taxes of $6.0 million for the same period in 2015. The increase in earnings is largely due to decreased DD A, reduced interest expense and reduced transportation costs during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and partially offset by costs associated with the reorganization and decreased revenues as a result of decreased oil and natural gas prices during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
   Income Taxes.  The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against all deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016. Some
or all of this valuation allowance may be reversed in future periods against future income.       Net Income (Loss).  For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized net income of $90.6 million, or $0.59 per diluted share, as compared with net loss of $2.6 million, or -$0.02 per diluted share, for the same period in 2015. The increase in
earnings is largely due to decreased DD A, reduced interest expense and reduced transportation costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and partially offset by costs associated with the reorganization and decreased revenues as
a result of decreased oil and natural gas prices during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.       LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
        Liquidity Before Filing Under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code     
  We have historically funded our operations primarily through cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under the Credit Agreement,
proceeds from the issuance of debt and proceeds from asset sales. However, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, and are highly dependent on the prices we receive for oil and natural gas. Oil and natural gas prices declined
severely during fiscal year 2015 and declined even further during the first quarter of 2016. The Henry Hub natural gas spot price dropped below $1.65 per MMBtu in March 2016 for the first time in 17 years. Although natural gas prices have improved
in recent months, there is still significant volatility in commodity prices and these prices are still lower than the industry has experienced in recent years. These lower commodity prices have negatively impacted revenues, earnings and cash flows,
and sustained low oil and natural gas prices will have a material and adverse effect on our liquidity position.        Liquidity After Filing
Under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code        As described in Note 1, the filing of the chapter 11 petitions
constituted an event of default with respect to our existing debt obligations. However, subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the chapter 11 petitions automatically enjoined, or stayed, the continuation of any
judicial or administrative proceedings or other actions against the Debtors or their property to recover, collect or secure a claim arising prior to the filing of the chapter 11 petitions. Thus, for example, most creditor actions to obtain
possession of property from the Debtors, or to create, perfect or enforce any lien against the Debtors  property, or to collect on monies owed or otherwise exercise rights or remedies with respect to a pre-petition claim are enjoined unless and
until the Bankruptcy Court lifts the automatic stay.      The Bankruptcy Court has approved payment of certain prepetition
obligations, including payments for employee wages, salaries and certain other benefits, customer programs, taxes, utilities, insurance, surety bond premiums as well as payments to possessory lien vendors. Despite the liquidity provided by our
existing cash on hand, our ability to maintain normal credit terms with our suppliers may become impaired. We may be required to pay cash in advance to certain vendors and may experience restrictions on the availability of trade credit, which would
further reduce our liquidity. If liquidity problems persist, our suppliers could refuse to provide key products and services in the future. In addition, due to the public perception of our financial condition and results of operations, in particular
with regard to our potential failure to meet our debt obligations, some vendors could be reluctant to enter into long-term agreements with us.   
         44   

Table of Contents  

   Although we have lowered our capital budget as compared to 2015, our business remains
capital intensive. In addition to the cash requirements necessary to fund ongoing operations, we have incurred significant professional fees and other costs in connection with our chapter 11 proceedings and expect that we will continue to incur
significant professional fees and costs throughout our chapter 11 proceedings. The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity, including approximately $343.5 million of cash on hand as of September 30, 2016 and funds generated from ongoing
operations, to fund anticipated cash requirements through the chapter 11 proceedings for operating and capital expenditures and for working capital purposes and excluding principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt.   
  The Company does not intend to seek debtor-in-possession ( DIP ) financing at this time. However, given the current level of
volatility in the market and the unpredictability of certain costs that could potentially arise in our operations, our liquidity needs could be significantly higher than we currently anticipate. There are no assurances that our current liquidity is
sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations related to the chapter 11 cases, proceed with the confirmation of a chapter 11 plan of reorganization and emerge from bankruptcy. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to secure additional
interim financing or exit financing sufficient to meet our liquidity needs or, if sufficient funds are available, offered to us on acceptable terms .       Our ability to maintain adequate liquidity through the reorganization process and beyond depends on successful operation of our business, and appropriate management of operating expenses and capital
spending. Our anticipated liquidity needs are highly sensitive to changes in each of these and other factors.        Going
Concern.   The condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and
satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The condensed consolidated financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that might result from the outcome of our chapter 11 proceedings. We have significant
indebtedness, all of which we have reclassified to liabilities subject to compromise at September 30, 2016. Our level of indebtedness has adversely impacted and is continuing to adversely impact our financial condition. As a result of our
financial condition, the defaults under our debt agreements, and the risks and uncertainties surrounding our chapter 11 proceedings, substantial doubt exists that we will be able to continue as a going concern.   
  Investors should review the disclosures and other information, including the risk factors, provided in our most recent Annual Report on
Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016.   
    Capital Expenditures.   For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, total capital expenditures were
$189.5 million. During this period, the Company participated in 78 gross (54.2 net) wells in Wyoming that were drilled to total depth and cased. No wells are scheduled to be drilled in Utah or Pennsylvania during 2016.   
    2016 Capital Investment Plan.   For 2016, our original capital budget was $260.0 million, reflecting the low commodity price
environment at the beginning of the year. On April 26, 2016, our Board of Directors approved an increase to our capital budget for 2016 from $260.0 million to $295.0 million. The additional capital in our increased budget will be used to drill
additional development wells in Wyoming and to complete some of our uncompleted wells in Utah. We expect to fund our 2016 capital expenditures budget through cash flows from operations and cash on hand.   
    Other Developments.   Trading in the Company s common stock on the NYSE was suspended on May 3, 2016 and the common
stock was delisted. The common stock of the Company currently trades on the OTC Pink marketplace under the symbol  UPLMQ .   
         45   

Table of Contents  

     Ultra Resources, Inc.     
    Bank indebtedness.   Ultra Resources, Inc. ( Ultra Resources ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a party
to the Credit Agreement. Ultra Resources  obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and UP Energy Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.   
  Ultra Resources  filing of the chapter 11 petitions described in Note 1 constituted an event of default that accelerated its
obligations under the Credit Agreement. Other events of default are also present with respect to the Credit Agreement, including a failure to make interest payments and, as described below, a failure to deliver annual audited consolidated financial
statements without a going concern qualification, a failure to meet the minimum PV-9 ratio covenant and a failure to comply with the consolidated leverage covenant in the Credit Agreement at the end of the first quarter of 2016. The Credit Agreement
provides that upon the acceleration of Ultra Resources  obligations under the Credit Agreement, the outstanding balance of loans extended under the Credit Agreement comes due, unpaid interest accrued as of the time of the acceleration comes
due, and any fees or other obligations of the borrower come due. Under the Bankruptcy Code, the creditors under the Credit Agreement are stayed from taking any action against Ultra Resources or any of the other Debtors as a result of the default.
     Prior to April 29, 2016, loans under the Credit Agreement bore interest, at the borrower s option, based on
(A) a rate per annum equal to the prime rate or the weighted average fed funds rate on overnight transactions during the preceding business day plus a margin based on a grid of the borrower s consolidated leverage ratio, or (B) a base
Eurodollar rate, substantially equal to the LIBOR rate, plus a margin based on a grid of the borrower s consolidated leverage ratio.      The Credit Agreement requires us to deliver annual audited, consolidated financial statements for the Company without a  going concern  or like qualification or explanation. On March 15,
2016, we delivered an audit report with respect to the financial statements in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K that included an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to our ability to continue as a  going concern. 
     The Credit Agreement contains a consolidated leverage covenant, pursuant to which Ultra Resources is required to maintain a
maximum ratio of its total funded consolidated debt to its trailing four fiscal quarters  EBITDAX of 3.5 to 1.0. Based on Ultra Resources  EBITDAX for the trailing four fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016, we were not in compliance
with this consolidated leverage covenant at March 31, 2016 (the ratio was 4.6 times at March 31, 2016).      The Credit
Agreement contains a PV-9 covenant, pursuant to which Ultra Resources is required to maintain a minimum ratio of the discounted net present value of its oil and gas properties to its total funded consolidated debt of 1.5 times. We were required to
report whether we were in compliance with this covenant on April 1, 2016. Based on the PV-9 of its oil and gas properties at December 31, 2015, Ultra Resources failed to comply with the PV-9 ratio covenant under the Credit Agreement (the
ratio was 0.9 times at December 31, 2015).        Senior Notes.   Ultra Resources has outstanding $1.46 billion of
Senior Notes which were issued pursuant to a certain Master Note Purchase Agreement dated as of March 6, 2008 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the  MNPA ). The Ultra Resources  Senior Notes rank pari passu with
the Credit Agreement. Payment of the Senior Notes is guaranteed by the Company and by UP Energy Corporation. The Ultra Resources  Senior Notes are subject to representations, warranties, covenants and events of default similar to those in the
Credit Agreement.      Ultra Resources  filing of the chapter 11 petitions described in Note 1 constituted an event of
default that accelerated its obligations under the MNPA and the Senior Notes. Other events of default are also present with respect to the MNPA, including a failure to comply with the consolidated leverage covenant at the end of the first quarter of
2016 and a failure to make principal and interest payments due under the Ultra Resources  Senior   
         46   

Table of Contents  

Notes. The MNPA provides that upon the acceleration of Ultra Resources  obligations under the MNPA and the Senior Notes, among other matters, the Senior Notes are deemed to have matured, the
unpaid principal balance of the Senior Notes comes due, unpaid interest accrued as of the time of the acceleration comes due, and any applicable Make-Whole Amount (as determined pursuant to the MNPA) comes due. Under the Bankruptcy Code, the
creditors under the Senior Notes are stayed from taking any action against Ultra Resources or any of the other the Debtors as a result of the default.      The MNPA contains a consolidated leverage covenant, pursuant to which Ultra Resources is required to maintain a maximum ratio of its total funded consolidated debt to its trailing four fiscal
quarters  EBITDAX of 3.5 to 1.0. Based on Ultra Resources  EBITDAX for the trailing four fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016, we were not in compliance with this consolidated leverage covenant at March 31, 2016 (the ratio was
4.6 times at March 31, 2016).      On March 1, 2016, we failed to make an interest payment of approximately $40.0
million and a principal payment of $62.0 million, each of which was due March 1, 2016 under the terms of the Ultra Resources  Senior Notes. We entered into a forbearance agreement related to the failure to make these payments with the
holders of the Ultra Resources  Senior Notes, and we filed the chapter 11 petitions without making the payments before the forbearance period expired.        Interest Expense.   No interest expense has been recognized with respect to the Credit Agreement or the Ultra Resources  Senior Notes subsequent to the Petition Date.   
    Ultra Petroleum Corp. Senior Notes        The Company s filing of the chapter 11 petitions described in Note 1 constituted an event of default that accelerated the Company s obligations under the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes (defined
below). Additionally, other events of default, including cross-defaults, are present due to the failure to make interest payments and other matters. Under the indentures pursuant to which the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes, respectively, were issued,
upon the acceleration of the Company s obligations under the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes, among other matters, the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes, respectively, are deemed to have matured, the unpaid principal balance of the 2024 Notes and the
2018 Notes, respectively, comes due, unpaid interest accrued as of the time of the acceleration comes due, and any applicable premiums (as determined pursuant to the indentures) comes due. Under the Bankruptcy Code, the creditors under the 2024
Notes and the 2018 Notes are stayed from taking any action against the Debtors as a result of the default.        Senior Notes
due 2024:   On September 18, 2014, the Company issued $850.0 million of 6.125% Senior Notes due 2024 ( 2024 Notes ). The 2024 Notes are general, unsecured senior obligations of the Company and mature on October 1, 2024. The
2024 Notes rank equally in right of payment to all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company and effectively rank junior to all future secured indebtedness of the Company (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such
indebtedness). The 2024 Notes are not guaranteed by the Company s subsidiaries and, as a result, are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other obligations of the Company s subsidiaries. The 2024 Notes are subject to covenants
that restrict the Company s ability to incur indebtedness, make distributions and other restricted payments, grant liens, use the proceeds of asset sales, make investments and engage in affiliate transactions.   
  Interest due under the 2024 Notes is payable each April 1 and October 1. On April 1, 2016, we elected to defer making an
interest payment on the 2024 Notes of approximately $26.0 million due April 1, 2016. The indenture governing the 2024 Notes provides a 30-day grace period for us to make this interest payment. We did not make this interest payment before the
end of the grace period, which resulted in an event of default under the indenture governing the 2024 Notes.   
         47   

Table of Contents  

     Senior Notes due 2018:   On December 12, 2013, the Company issued $450.0
million of 5.75% Senior Notes due 2018 ( 2018 Notes ). The 2018 Notes are general, unsecured senior obligations of the Company and mature on December 15, 2018. The 2018 Notes rank equally in right of payment to all existing and future
senior indebtedness of the Company and effectively rank junior to all future secured indebtedness of the Company (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness). The 2018 Notes are not guaranteed by the Company s
subsidiaries and, as a result, are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other obligations of the Company s subsidiaries. The 2018 Notes are subject to covenants that restrict the Company s ability to incur indebtedness, make
distributions and other restricted payments, grant liens, use the proceeds of asset sales, make investments and engage in affiliate transactions. Interest due under the 2018 Notes is payable each June 15 and December 15.   
  The Company s filing of the chapter 11 petitions described in Note 1 constituted an event of default that accelerated the
Company s obligations under the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes. Additionally, other events of default, including cross-defaults resulting from the acceleration of indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Agreement and the Ultra Resources 
Senior Notes, are present due to the failure to make interest payments and other matters. Under the Bankruptcy Code, the creditors under the 2024 Notes and the 2018 Notes are stayed from taking any action against the Debtors as a result of the
bankruptcy filing.        Interest Expense  . No interest expense has been recognized with respect to the Credit
Agreement or the Ultra Resources  Senior Notes subsequent to the Petition Date.        Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2015 Cash Flow Impact         Operating Activities   .   During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $170.8 million, a 58% decrease from net cash provided by operating activities of $411.2 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease in net cash
provided by operating activities is largely attributable to reduced interest expense and decreased revenues as a result of decreased oil and natural gas price realizations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015 and net changes in working capital.       Investing Activities.  During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $200.1 million as compared to $405.0 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities is largely related to decreased capital
investments associated with the Company s drilling activities.       Financing Activities.  During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $368.7 million compared to $10.5 million for the same period in 2015. The change in net cash provided by financing activities is primarily due to increased
borrowings during 2016 related to drawings under the Credit Agreement.       OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS    
  The Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.   
         48   

Table of Contents  

    CAUTIONARY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SAFE HARBOR PROVISION OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF
1995       This report contains or incorporates by reference forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this document,
including without limitation, statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, estimated quantities and net present values of reserves, business
strategy, plans and objectives of the Company s management for future operations, covenant compliance and those statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words  believe ,  expects ,
 anticipates ,  intends ,  estimates ,  projects ,  target ,  goal ,  plans ,  objective ,  should , or similar expressions or variations on such expressions
are forward-looking statements. The Company can give no assurances that the assumptions upon which such forward-looking statements are based will prove to be correct nor can the Company assure adequate funding will be available to execute the
Company s planned future capital program.      Other risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in
the price the Company receives for oil and gas production, reductions in the quantity of oil and gas sold due to increased industry-wide demand and/or curtailments in production from specific properties due to mechanical, marketing or other
problems, operating and capital expenditures that are either significantly higher or lower than anticipated because the actual cost of identified projects varied from original estimates and/or from the number of exploration and development
opportunities being greater or fewer than currently anticipated and increased financing costs due to a significant increase in interest rates. See the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 for additional risks related to the Company s business.          ITEM 3        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK        
   Objectives and Strategy:  The Company s major market risk exposure is in the pricing applicable to its natural gas and oil
production. Realized pricing is currently driven primarily by the prevailing price for the Company s natural gas production. Historically, prices received for natural gas production have been volatile and unpredictable. Pricing volatility is
expected to continue. As a result of its hedging activities, the Company may realize prices that are less than or greater than the spot prices that it would have received otherwise.   
  The Company relies on various types of derivative instruments to manage its exposure to commodity price risk and to provide a level of
certainty in the Company s forward cash flows supporting the Company s capital investment program.      The
Company s hedging policy limits the amounts of resources hedged to not more than 50% of its forecast production without Board approval.       Fair Value of Commodity Derivatives:  FASB ASC 815 requires that all derivatives be recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as either an asset or liability and be measured at fair value.
Changes in the derivative s fair value are recognized currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met. The Company does not apply hedge accounting to any of its derivative instruments.   
  Derivative contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are recorded as derivative assets and liabilities at fair value
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the associated unrealized gains and losses are recorded as current expense or income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Unrealized gains or losses on commodity derivatives represent the non-cash
change in the fair value of these derivative instruments and do not impact operating cash flows on the cash flow statement. See Note 7 for the detail of the fair value of the following derivatives.   
         49   

Table of Contents  

    Commodity Derivative Contracts:  At September 30, 2016, the Company had no open
commodity derivative contracts to manage price risk on a portion of its production.      The following table summarizes the
pre-tax realized and unrealized (loss) gain the Company recognized related to its derivative instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:   
   
    (1) Included in gain on commodity derivatives in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations.      The realized gain or loss on commodity derivatives relates to actual amounts received or paid or to be received
or paid under the Company s derivative contracts and the unrealized gain or loss on commodity derivatives represents the change in the fair value of these derivative instruments over the remaining term of the contract.   
      ITEM 4        CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          
   (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures       The Company has performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are the controls and other procedures that it has
designed to ensure that it records, processes, accumulates and communicates information to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures and
submissions within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those determined to be effective can provide only a reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Based on the evaluation, the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.   
         50   

Table of Contents  

    PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    
      ITEM 1.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          
    Rockies Express Pipeline  : On April 14, 2016, Rockies Express filed a lawsuit against us in Harris County, Texas
alleging breach of contract and seeking damages related to the alleged breach. We intend to defend this lawsuit vigorously. On April 29, 2016, the Company filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in
the Bankruptcy Court. As a result of the pending bankruptcy, this matter is currently stayed.        Other Claims  : The
Company is currently involved in various routine disputes and allegations incidental to its business operations. While it is not possible to determine the ultimate disposition of these matters, the Company believes that the resolution of all such
pending or threatened litigation is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, or results of operations.          ITEM 1A.      RISK FACTORS             There have been no material changes to the risks described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016.   
      ITEM 2.      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS      
      None.         
 ITEM 3.      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES             The filing of the voluntary
petitions seeking relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code constituted an event of default that accelerated the Company s obligations under the following debt instruments:   

Credit Agreement governing $999,000,000 in outstanding principal amount, dated as of October 6, 2011, between Ultra Resources, Inc. (a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company) and a syndicate of banks led by J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A.; and,          

Master Note Purchase Agreement governing $1,460,000,000 in outstanding aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2016 through 2025, dated as of
March 6, 2008, between Ultra Resources, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and various parties, as supplemented by that certain First Supplement to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2009; Second Supplement
to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2010; and Third Supplement to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2010.      
  As previously disclosed, subject to certain exceptions provided for in the Bankruptcy Code, the chapter 11 filings automatically stayed
all judicial or administrative actions against the Company and efforts by creditors to collect on or otherwise exercise rights or remedies with respect to pre-petition claims.          ITEM 4.      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES             None.          ITEM 5.      OTHER
INFORMATION             None.   
         51   

Table of Contents  

       ITEM 6.      EXHIBITS      
       (a) Exhibits        

3.1  
      
  Articles of Incorporation of Ultra Petroleum Corp.   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended June 30, 2001).   

3.2  
      
  By-Laws of Ultra Petroleum Corp.   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30,
2001).   

3.3  
      
  Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Ultra Petroleum Corp.   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Report on Form 10-K/A for the
period ended December 31, 2005).   

4.1  
      
  Specimen Common Share Certificate   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30,
2001).   

10.1  
      
  Limited Waiver Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2016, by and among Ultra Petroleum Corp., Ultra Resources, Inc., UP Energy Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., as administrative
agent under the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2011, and the Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2016).   

10.2  
      
  Waiver and Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement, Notes and Supplement, dated as of March 1, 2016, by and among Ultra Resources, Inc. and the holders of the unsecured
senior notes issued by Ultra Resources under the Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2016).   

31.1*  
      
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2*  
      
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1*  
      
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2*  
      
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS*  
      
  XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH*  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.CAL*  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB*  
      
  XBRL Label Linkbase Document.   

101.PRE*  
      
  XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF*  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition.   

*  
  Filed herewith.     
         52   

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP.   

By:  
     
    /s/ Michael D. Watford    

Name:  
     
  Michael D. Watford   

Title:  
     
  Chairman, President and   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: October 27, 2016   

By:  
     
    /s/ Garland R. Shaw    

Name:  
     
  Garland R. Shaw   

Title:  
     
  Senior Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   
    Date: October 27, 2016   
         53   

Table of Contents  

      EXHIBIT INDEX    

3.1  
      
  Articles of Incorporation of Ultra Petroleum Corp.   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended June 30, 2001).   

3.2  
      
  By-Laws of Ultra Petroleum Corp.   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30,
2001).   

3.3  
      
  Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Ultra Petroleum Corp.   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Report on Form 10-K/A
for the period ended December 31, 2005).   

4.1  
      
  Specimen Common Share Certificate   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 30, 2001).   

10.1  
      
  Limited Waiver Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2016, by and among Ultra Petroleum Corp., Ultra Resources, Inc., UP Energy Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., as administrative
agent under the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2011, and the Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2016).   

10.2  
      
  Waiver and Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement, Notes and Supplement, dated as of March 1, 2016, by and among Ultra Resources, Inc. and the holders of the unsecured
senior notes issued by Ultra Resources under the Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2016).   

31.1*  
      
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2*  
      
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1*  
      
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2*  
      
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS*  
      
  XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH*  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.CAL*  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB*  
      
  XBRL Label Linkbase Document.   

101.PRE*  
      
  XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF*  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition.   

*  
  Filed herewith.     
         54   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d277117dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1    
   CERTIFICATION       I,
Michael D. Watford, certify that:      1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ultra Petroleum Corp.;
     2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting
to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
     (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and      5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.        

/s/  Michael D. Watford    
 
        Michael D. Watford,   
 
   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)    
 
   Date: October 27, 2016   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d277117dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2    
   CERTIFICATION       I,
Garland R. Shaw, certify that:      1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ultra Petroleum Corp.;
     2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting
to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
     (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and      5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.        

/s/  Garland R. Shaw    
 
        Garland R. Shaw,   
 
   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    
 
   (Principal Financial Officer)    
 
   Date: October 27, 2016   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d277117dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1    
   SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER    
   ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP.       In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ultra Petroleum Corp. (the    Company   ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the    Report   ), I, Michael D. Watford, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:      (1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and      (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/  Michael D. Watford    
 
        Michael D. Watford,   
 
   Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer    
 
   (Principal Executive Officer)    
 
   Dated: October 27, 2016      This certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation  S-K  and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, will not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification will not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d277117dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2    
   SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER    
   ULTRA PETROLEUM CORP.       In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ultra Petroleum Corp. (the    Company   ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the    Report   ), I, Garland R. Shaw, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:      (1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and      (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/  Garland R. Shaw    
 
        Garland R. Shaw,   
 
   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    
 
   (Principal Financial Officer)    
 
   Dated: October 27, 2016      This certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation  S-K  and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, will not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification will not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 upl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 upl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 upl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 upl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 upl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 upl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

