<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1631569_0001631569-16-000068_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6632793</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>582329</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>313742</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2554187</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2145352</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>845943</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001631569-16-000068.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110171807
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001631569-16-000068
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Community Healthcare Trust Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001631569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				465212033
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37401
		FILM NUMBER:		161989155

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		354 COOL SPRINGS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 106
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		615-771-3052

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		354 COOL SPRINGS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 106
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001631569-16-000068.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 chct-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 
                   (Mark One) 

x 
      
    QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
      OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM             TO 

Commission file number: 001-37401 

Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Maryland 
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    46-5212033 
  (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

3326 Aspen Grove Drive 
  Suite 150 
  Franklin, Tennessee 37067 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  (Zip Code) 
  (615) 771-3052 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
  Not Applicable 
  (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    x       No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    x       No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer     
    Accelerated filer     
    Non-accelerated filer   x 
     (Do not check if a 
  smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
  Yes            No   x 
    
  The Registrant had   12,988,482   shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of   November 7, 2016  . 

1 

COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED 
  FORM 10-Q 
  September 30, 2016 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1.  
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
    4 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity  
    5 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    6 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    21 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    31 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    31 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
    32 
       Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    32 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    32 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    32 
       Item 3.  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    32 
       Item 4.   
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    32 
       Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    32 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    33 

SIGNATURES  
    34 

2 

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND   2015 
  (Unaudited) 
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  (Unaudited) 
  (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands)   

  See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 

Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Business Overview 
  Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated (the   Company  ,   we  ,   our  ) was organized in the State of Maryland on March 28, 2014. The Company is a fully-integrated healthcare real estate company that owns and acquires real estate properties that are leased to hospitals, doctors, healthcare systems or other healthcare service providers in non-urban markets. The Company conducts its business through an UPREIT structure in which its properties are owned by its operating partnership (the "OP"), either directly or through subsidiaries. The Company is the sole general partner of the OP, owning   100%   of the OP units. On May 27, 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering of   7,187,500   shares of common stock, including   937,500   shares of common stock issued in connection with the exercise in full of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares, and received net proceeds of approximately $  125.2   million from the offering. Concurrently, the Company issued   123,683   shares of common stock for approximately   $2.3   million in net proceeds in private placements to certain officers and directors. In April 2016, the Company completed a follow-on offering of   5,175,000   shares of its common stock, including   675,000   shares of common stock issued in connection with the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares, and received net proceeds, after underwriter's discount, of approximately $  86.8 million   from this follow-on offering. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had investments of approximately   $217.6 million   in   52   real estate properties and a mortgage, located in   20   states, totaling approximately   1.1   million square feet in the aggregate.  
    
  Basis of Presentation 
  The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. They do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements.  
    
  This interim financial information should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
    
  Management believes that all adjustments of a normal, recurring nature considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. This interim financial information does not necessarily represent or indicate what the operating results will be for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . 
    
  Principles of Consolidation 
  Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and may also include joint ventures, partnerships and variable interest entities, or VIEs, where the Company controls the operating activities. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  Management must make judgments regarding the Company's level of influence or control over an entity and whether or not the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Consideration of various factors include, but is not limited to, the Company's ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's governing body, the size and seniority of the Company's investment, the Company's ability and the rights of other investors to participate in policy making decisions, the Company's ability to replace the manager and/or liquidate the entity. Management's ability to correctly assess its influence or control over an entity when determining the primary beneficiary of a VIE affects the presentation of these entities in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial  
  
   7 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

Statements. If it is determined that the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE, the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements would include the operating results of the VIE rather than the results of the variable interest in the VIE. Untimely or inaccurate financial information provided to the Company or deficiencies in the VIEs internal control over financial reporting could impact the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and its own internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 
  The Company has elected the "emerging growth company" status as permitted under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. The Company has elected to "opt out" of the provision allowed under the JOBS Act to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. As a result, we will be required to comply with new or revised accounting standards as required when they are adopted. The decision to opt out of the extended transition period under the JOBS Act is irrevocable. 
    
  Use of Estimates in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  Preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may materially differ from those estimates. 
    
  Segment Reporting 
  The Company acquires and owns healthcare-related real estate properties that are leased to hospitals, doctors, healthcare systems or other healthcare service providers in non-urban markets. The Company is managed as   one   reporting unit, rather than multiple reporting units, for internal reporting purposes and for internal decision-making. Therefore, the Company discloses its operating results in a single segment. 
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Cash and cash equivalents includes short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased. 
    
  Real Estate Properties 
  Real estate properties are recorded at cost, or at fair value if acquired in a transaction that is accounted for as a business combination under Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 805,   Business Combinations   ("ASC 805"). Cost or fair value at the time of acquisition is allocated between land, buildings, tenant improvements, lease and other intangibles, and personal property, as applicable.      
    
  Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets and liabilities in place as of   September 30, 2016  , is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset. The estimated useful lives at   September 30, 2016   are as follows: 

Accounting for Acquisitions of Real Estate Properties  
  Real estate properties are recorded at cost or, if acquired through business combination, at fair value. The allocation of real estate property acquisitions may include land, building and improvements, personal property, and identified intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of above- and below-market leases, in-place leases, and tenant relationships) based on the evaluation of information and estimates available at that date in accordance with the provisions of ASC 805, and we allocate the purchase price based on these assessments. We make estimates of the  
  
   8 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

acquisition date fair value of the tangible and intangible assets and acquired liabilities using information obtained from multiple sources as a result of pre-acquisition due diligence, tax records, and other sources. Based on these estimates, we recognize the acquired assets and liabilities at their estimated fair values. Initial valuations are subject to change until the information is finalized, no later than 12 months from the acquisition date. We expense transaction costs associated with business combinations in the period incurred. In accordance with ASC 805, the fair value of tangible property assets acquired considers the value of the property as if vacant determined by comparable sales and other relevant data. The determination of fair value involves the use of significant judgment and estimation. We value land based on various inputs, which may include internal analysis of recently acquired properties, existing comparable properties within our portfolio, or third party appraisals or valuations based on comparable sales. 
  In recognizing identified intangible assets and liabilities of an acquired property, the value of above- or below-market leases is estimated based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between contractual amounts to be received pursuant to the leases and management s estimate of market lease rates measured over a period equal to the estimated remaining term of the lease. In the case of a below-market lease, the Company would also evaluate any renewal options associated with that lease to determine if the intangible should include those periods. The capitalized above-market or below-market lease intangibles are amortized as a reduction from or an addition to rental income over the estimated remaining term of the respective leases. 
  In determining the value of in-place leases and tenant relationships, management considers current market conditions and costs to execute similar leases in arriving at an estimate of the carrying costs during the expected lease-up period from vacant to existing occupancy. In estimating carrying costs, management includes real estate taxes, insurance, other property operating expenses, estimates of lost rental revenue during the expected lease-up periods, and costs to execute similar leases, including leasing commissions. The values assigned to in-place leases and tenant relationships are amortized over the estimated remaining term of the lease. If a lease terminates prior to its scheduled expiration, all unamortized costs related to that lease are written off. 
  Property acquisitions not meeting the accounting criteria to be accounted for as a business combination are accounted for as an asset acquisition.  An asset acquisition is recorded at its purchase price, inclusive of acquisition costs, which is allocated among the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based upon their relative fair values at the date of acquisition.   
  Asset Impairments 
  The Company assesses the potential for impairment of identifiable, definite-lived, intangible assets and long-lived assets, including real estate properties, whenever events occur or a change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value might not be fully recoverable. Indicators of impairment may include significant under-performance of an asset relative to historical or expected operating results; significant changes in the Company s use of assets or the strategy for its overall business; plans to sell an asset before its depreciable life has ended; the expiration of a significant portion of leases in a property; or significant negative economic trends or negative industry trends for the Company or its operators. In addition, the Company s review for possible impairment may include those assets subject to purchase options and those impacted by casualties, such as tornadoes and hurricanes. If management determines that the carrying value of the Company s assets may not be fully recoverable based on the existence of any of the factors above, or others, management would measure and record an impairment charge based on the estimated fair value of the property or the estimated fair value less costs to sell the property. 
    
  Fair Value Measurements 
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants. In calculating fair value, a company must maximize the use of observable market inputs, minimize the use of unobservable market inputs and disclose in the form of an outlined hierarchy the details of such fair value measurements. 
    
  A hierarchy of valuation techniques is defined to determine whether the inputs to a fair value measurement are considered to be observable or unobservable in a marketplace. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from  
  
   9 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s market assumptions. This hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available. These inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy: 
             
    Level 1     quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
                
    Level 2     quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets; and 
                
    Level 3     fair value measurements derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 
       
  Executed purchase and sale agreements, that are binding agreements, are categorized as Level 1 inputs. Brokerage estimates, letters of intent, or unexecuted purchase and sale agreements are considered to be Level 3 as they are non-binding in nature. 
    
  Lease Accounting 
  We, as lessor, make a determination with respect to each of our leases whether they should be accounted for as operating leases or capital leases. The classification criteria is based on estimates regarding the fair value of the leased facilities, minimum lease payments, effective cost of funds, the economic useful life of the facilities, the existence of a bargain purchase option, and certain other terms in the lease agreements. We believe all of our leases meet the accounting criteria to be accounted for as operating leases. Payments received under operating leases are accounted for in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) as rental revenue for actual cash rent collected plus or minus straight-line adjustments such as lease escalators. Assets subject to operating leases are reported as real estate investments in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Substantially all of our leases contain fixed or formula-based rent escalators. To the extent that the escalator increases are tied to a fixed index or rate, lease payments are accounted for on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. 
    
  Revenue Recognition 
  The Company recognizes rental revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. There are four criteria that must all be met before a Company may recognize revenue, including persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered (i.e., the tenant has taken possession of and controls the physical use of the leased asset), the price has been fixed or is determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.  
    
  The Company derives most of its revenues from its real estate property and mortgage note portfolio. The Company's rental and mortgage interest income is recognized based on contractual arrangements with its tenants and borrowers.  
    
  Rental income is recognized as earned over the life of the lease agreement on a straight-line basis. Recognizing rental revenue on a straight-line basis for leases may result in recognizing revenue in amounts more or less than amounts currently due from tenants. If management determines that the collectability of straight-line rents is not reasonably assured, the amount of future revenue recognized may be limited to amounts contractually owed and, where appropriate, establish an allowance for estimated losses. Straight-line rent included in rental income was approximately   $172,000   and   $50,000  , respectively, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and was approximately   $405,000   and   $64,000  , respectively, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
    
  Mortgage interest income is recognized based on the interest rates, maturity dates and amortization periods set forth within each note agreement. Fees received related to its mortgage notes are amortized to mortgage interest income on a straight-line basis which approximates amortization under the effective interest method. 
    
  Income received but not yet earned is deferred until such time it is earned. Deferred revenue, included in other liabilities, was approximately $  0.6 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  .  

10 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts and Credit Losses 
  Accounts Receivable 
  Management monitors the aging and collectability of its accounts receivable balances on an ongoing basis. Whenever deterioration in the timeliness of payment from a tenant is noted, management investigates and determines the reason or reasons for the delay. Considering all information gathered, management s judgment is exercised in determining whether a receivable is potentially uncollectible and, if so, how much or what percentage may be uncollectible. Among the factors management considers in determining collectability are: the type of contractual arrangement under which the receivable was recorded (e.g., triple net lease, gross lease, or other type of agreement); the tenant s reason for slow payment; industry influences under which the tenant operates; evidence of willingness and ability of the tenant to pay the receivable; credit-worthiness of the tenant; collateral, security deposit, letters of credit or other monies held as security; tenant s historical payment pattern; other contractual agreements between the tenant and the Company; relationship between the tenant and the Company; the state in which the tenant operates; and the existence of a guarantor and the willingness and ability of the guarantor to pay the receivable. Considering these factors and others, management concludes whether all or some of the aged receivable balance is likely uncollectible. Upon determining that some portion of the receivable is likely uncollectible, the Company will record a provision for bad debts for the amount it expects will be uncollectible. When efforts to collect a receivable are exhausted, the receivable amount is charged off against the allowance. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had a provision for bad debts of approximately   $77,000   and   $71,000  , respectively. 
    
  Mortgage Note Receivable 
  The Company had   one   mortgage note receivable outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   with a principal balance of   $11.0 million  , maturing on   September 30, 2026  . The mortgage note was interest only through September 30, 2016. Thereafter, monthly principal and interest payments are due through the maturity date. 
    
  The Company evaluates collectability of its mortgage note and records allowances on the note as necessary. A loan is impaired when it is probable that a creditor will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan as scheduled, including both contractual interest and principal payments. This assessment also includes an evaluation of the loan collateral. If a mortgage loan becomes past due, the Company will review the specific circumstances and may discontinue the accrual of interest on the loan. The loan is not returned to accrual status until the debtor has demonstrated the ability to continue debt service in accordance with the contractual terms. Loans placed on non-accrual status will be accounted for on a cash basis, in which income is recognized only upon the receipt of cash, or on a cost-recovery basis, in which all cash receipts reduce the carrying value of the loan, based on the Company's expectation of future collectability.  
    
  The Company may receive loan or commitment fees upon the funding of a mortgage note. The Company will amortize those fees into income over the life of the mortgage note on a straight line basis and will reflect the mortgage note, net of the unamortized fees, on its consolidated balance sheet.  
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
  The Company's 2014 Incentive Plan is intended to attract and retain qualified persons upon whom, in large measure, our sustained progress, growth and profitability depend, to motivate the participants to achieve long-term company goals and to more closely align the participants  interests with those of our other stockholders by providing them with a proprietary interest in our growth and performance. The   two   distinct programs under the 2014 Incentive Plan are the Alignment of Interest Program and the Officer Incentive Program. Our executive officers, officers, employees, consultants and non-employee directors are eligible to participate in the 2014 Incentive Plan. The 2014 Incentive Plan reserved   7%   of the Company s outstanding common stock, including any over-allotment shares, from the Company's initial public offering for issuance as awards, or   525,782   shares. The 2014 Incentive Plan is administered by the Company s compensation committee, which interprets the 2014 Incentive Plan and has broad discretion to select the eligible persons to whom awards will be granted, as well as the type, size and terms and conditions of each award, including the number of shares subject to awards and the expiration date of, and the vesting schedule or other restrictions (including, without limitation, restrictive covenants) applicable to, awards. The Company recognizes share-based payments to its officers and directors in its Condensed Consolidated Financial  
  
   11 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

Statements on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period based on the fair value of the award on the measurement date. 
    
  Intangible Assets 
  Intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are tested at least annually for impairment. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their respective lives to their estimated residual values and are reviewed for impairment only when impairment indicators are present. 
    
  Identifiable intangible assets of the Company are generally comprised of in-place lease intangible assets, above- and below-market lease intangibles and deferred financing costs. In-place lease intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the applicable lives of the assets. Deferred financing costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the related credit facility or other debt instrument using the straight-line method.  
    
  Contingent Liabilities 
  From time to time, the Company may be subject to loss contingencies arising from legal proceedings and similar matters. Additionally, while the Company maintains comprehensive liability and property insurance with respect to each of its properties, the Company may be exposed to unforeseen losses related to uninsured or under-insured damages. 
    
  Management will monitor any matter that may present a contingent liability, and, on a quarterly basis, will review any reserves and accruals relating to the liabilities, adjusting provisions as necessary in view of changes in available information. Liabilities for contingencies are first recorded when a loss is determined to be both probable and can be reasonably estimated. Changes in estimates regarding the exposure to a contingent loss will be reflected as adjustments to the related liability in the periods when they occur and will be disclosed in the notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  On occasion, the Company may also have acquisitions which include contingent consideration.  Accounting for business combinations requires the Company to estimate the fair value of any contingent purchase consideration at the acquisition date. Management will monitor these contingencies on a quarterly basis. Changes in estimates regarding the fair value contingent purchase consideration will be reflected as adjustments to the related liability and recognized as an adjustment to property operating expense in the periods when they occur. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had recorded adjustments to reduce the fair value of its contingent consideration liabilities subsequent to acquisition by   $0.5 million   and   $1.0 million  , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company also recorded a   $0.5 million   contingent liability related to the acquisition of a medical office building. The Company has total contingent liabilities, included in other liabilities, related to certain acquisitions of   $0.7 million   and   $1.2 million  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015. The expiration periods for the measurement of those contingent liabilities range from December 2016 through April 2017. 
    
  Income Taxes 
  The Company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ("REIT"), as defined under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). We have also elected for one of our subsidiaries to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"), which is subject to federal and state income taxes. No provision has been made for federal income taxes for the REIT; however, the Company has made provisions for federal and state income taxes for the TRS. The Company intends at all times to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856 and 860 of the Code. The Company must distribute at least 90% per annum of its REIT taxable income to its stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) and meet other requirements to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust. 
    
  The Company classifies interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions, if any, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) as a component of general and administrative expenses.  

12 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

Sales and Use Taxes 
  The Company must pay sales and use taxes to certain state tax authorities based on rent collected from tenants in properties located in those states. The Company is generally reimbursed for those taxes by those tenants. The Company accounts for the payments to the taxing authority and subsequent reimbursement from the tenant on a net basis, included in tenant reimbursement revenue on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
    
  Concentration of Credit Risks 
  Our credit risks primarily relate to cash and cash equivalents and our mortgage note receivable. Cash and cash equivalents are primarily held in bank accounts and overnight investments. We maintain our bank deposit accounts with large financial institutions in amounts that often exceed federally-insured limits. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts.  
    
  Earnings per Share 
  Basic earnings per common share is calculated using weighted average shares outstanding less issued and outstanding non-vested shares of common stock. Diluted earnings per common share is calculated using weighted average shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of the non-vested shares of common stock using the treasury stock method and the average stock price during the period. 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board's ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-02,   Leases  . This standard requires a lessor to classify leases as either sales-type, finance or operating. A lease will be treated as a sale if it transfers all of the risks and rewards, as well as control of the underlying asset, to the lessee. If risks and rewards are conveyed without the transfer of control, the lease is treated as a financing. If the lessor does not convey risks and rewards or control, an operating lease results. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessors for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation; Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   This standard is intended to simplify accounting for share-based payment transactions. The areas for simplification in this update involve several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statements of cash flows. This new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, as amended by ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance, including sales of real estate. This standard's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. However, leasing contracts, representing the major source of the Company's revenues, are not within the scope of the new standard and will continue to be accounted for under existing standards. This new standard, as amended, is effective for the Company for annual and interim periods beginning on January 1, 2018 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses,   which changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments, companies will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For available-for- 
  
   13 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

sale debt securities with unrealized losses, companies will measure credit losses in a manner similar to what they do today, except that the losses will be recognized as allowances rather than as reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. Companies will have to disclose significantly more information, including information they use to track credit quality by year of origination for most financing receivables. Companies will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted. This standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2020 with early adoption permitted. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,   which clarifies or provides guidance relating to   eight   specific cash flow classification issues. The standard should be applied retrospectively for each period presented, as appropriate. This new standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2018 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

14 

Note 2. Real Estate Investments 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had investments of approximately   $217.6 million   in   52   real estate properties, a mortgage note and corporate property. The following table summarizes the Company's real estate investments.    

15 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

Note 3. Real Estate Leases 
    
  The Company s properties are generally leased pursuant to non-cancelable, fixed-term operating leases with expiration dates through   2031  . The Company s leases generally require the lessee to pay minimum rent, with fixed rent renewal terms or increases based on a Consumer Price Index and additional rent, which may include taxes (including property tax), insurance, maintenance and other operating costs associated with the leased property. 
    
  Future minimum lease payments under the non-cancelable operating leases due the Company for the years ending December 31, as of   September 30, 2016  , are as follows (in thousands):  

Note 4. Real Estate Acquisitions 
    
  Property Acquisitions 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company acquired   four   real estate properties totaling approximately   57,983   square feet for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $12.1 million  , including cash consideration of approximately   $12.1 million  . Upon acquisition, the properties were   100.0%   leased with lease expirations ranging from   2018 through 2031  . Amounts reflected in revenues and net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 for these properties was approximately   $51,000   and   $51,000  , respectively. Due to the timing of these acquisitions in late September,   no   depreciation was recognized on the properties in the third quarter. The Company incurred transaction costs of approximately   $137,000   during the third quarter of 2016 related to its acquisitions accounted for as business combinations which are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Transaction costs related to its acquisition accounted for as an asset purchase were capitalized in the period as part of the real estate asset. 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company acquired   three   real estate properties totaling approximately   153,446   square feet for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $33.5 million  , including cash consideration of approximately   $21.1 million   and the conversion of a   $12.5 million   mortgage note receivable. Upon acquisition, the properties were approximately   93.7%   leased in the aggregate with lease expirations ranging from   2016 through 2031  . In addition,   one   of the properties includes contingent consideration which could result in additional purchase price of up to   $500,000  . At September  30, 2016, the Company adjusted the fair value of this contingency to approximately   $493,000  . The Company will monitor this contingency throughout the contingency period that ends in April 2017 and will record any adjustments as needed on a quarterly basis until the contingency is resolved. Amounts reflected in revenues and net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 for these properties was approximately   $2.0 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, which included approximately   $0.6 million   of interest income relating to the mortgage note. The Company incurred transaction costs of approximately   $204,000   during the second quarter of 2016 which are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company acquired   four   real estate properties totaling approximately   146,443   square feet for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $25.4 million  , including cash consideration of approximately   $25.6 million  . Upon acquisition, the properties were approximately   95.6%   leased in the aggregate with lease expirations ranging from   2017 through 2026  . Amounts reflected in revenues and net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 for these properties was approximately   $1.9 million   and   $0.6 million  ,  
  
   16 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

respectively. The Company incurred transaction costs of approximately   $288,000   during the first quarter of 2016 which are included in general and administration expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
    
  For the properties acquired during 2016 that we accounted for as business combinations, the unaudited pro forma revenue and net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are provided below as if the properties had been acquired on January 1, 2015. 

The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the property acquisitions during 2016.    

Mortgage Notes Receivable    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company funded a   $12.5 million   mortgage note secured by an   85,000   square foot behavioral facility in Illinois which matures on   January 31, 2027  . The Company received a loan fee from the transaction totaling   $93,750   which was deferred and was being recognized into income on a straight-line basis, which approximated the effective interest method, through the maturity of the mortgage note. The mortgage loan required interest only payments to us through January 2017 and had a stated fixed interest rate of   11%  . In April 2016, the Company exercised its option to acquire the behavioral facility secured by this mortgage and completed the acquisition in May 2016 as discussed in more detail above in Property Acquisitions. Upon acquisition, the Company recognized into income the unamortized portion of the loan fee totaling approximately   $90,000  . 

Note 5. Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  On   August 10, 2016  , we entered into an amended and restated Credit Facility (as amended, the "Credit Facility"). The Credit Facility is by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, the Company, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, matures on   August 9, 2019   and includes   two   options to  
  
   17 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

extend the maturity date of the facility, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Credit Facility increased the maximum borrowing capacity from   $75.0 million   to   $150.0 million  , lowered our interest rates by   25   basis points and adjusted or replaced certain financial covenants. Amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility bear annual interest at a floating rate that is based, at the Company s option, on either: (i) LIBOR plus   2.25%   to   2.75%   or (ii) a base rate plus   1.25%   to   1.75%  , in each case, depending upon the Company s leverage ratio. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay an annual fee equal to   0.25%   of the amount of the unused portion of the Credit Facility if amounts borrowed are greater than   33.3%   of the borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility and   0.35%   of the unused portion of the Credit Facility if amounts borrowed are less than or equal to   33.3%   of the borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature that provides the Company with additional capacity, subject to the satisfaction of customary terms and conditions, including obtaining additional commitments from lenders, of up to $  125.0   million, for a total facility size of up to   $275.0 million  . The Company incurred   $0.6 million   in fees and other costs to amend and extend its Credit Facility which will be amortized to expense over the life of the Credit Facility. The Company s material subsidiaries are guarantors of the obligations under the Credit Facility. At September 30, 2016, the Company had   $5.0 million   outstanding under swing-line loans under the Credit Facility with a weighted average interest rate of approximately   4.75%   and remaining borrowing capacity of   $145.0 million  .  
    
  The Company s ability to borrow under the Credit Facility is subject to its ongoing compliance with a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations with respect to liens, indebtedness, distributions, mergers, consolidations, investments, restricted payments and asset sales, as well as financial maintenance covenants. Also, the Company s present financing policy prohibits incurring debt (secured or unsecured) in excess of 40% of its total book capitalization. The Company was in compliance with its financial covenants under its Credit Facility at   September 30, 2016  . 

Note 6. Stockholders  Equity 
    
  Common Stock 
  The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending common stock balances for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and for the year ended December 31,   2015  : 

Equity Offering 
  In April 2016, the Company completed a follow-on public offering of   5,175,000   shares of its common stock, including   675,000   shares of common stock issued in connection with the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares, and received net proceeds, after underwriter's discount, of approximately $  86.8 million   from the offering. 
    
  Universal Shelf S-3 Registration Statement 
  On September 13, 2016, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 that will allow us to offer debt or equity securities (or a combination thereof) of up to   $750.0 million   from time to time. The S-3 registration statement was declared effective as of September 26, 2016. The Company has no current intent to offer any securities under this S-3 registration statement. 

18 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

Note 7. Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share 
    
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share.   

Note 8. Incentive Plan 
    
  Under the Company's 2014 Incentive Plan, awards may be made in the form of restricted stock, cash or a combination of both. Compensation expense recognized from the amortization of the value of the Company's officer, employee and director shares over the applicable vesting periods during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately   $192,000   and   $70,000  , respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately   $453,000   and   $96,000  , respectively.  
    
  A summary of the activity under the 2014 Incentive Plan for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is included in the table below. 

19 

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

Note 9. Subsequent Events 
    
  Dividend Declared 
  On   November 1, 2016  , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly common stock dividend in the amount of   $0.385   per share. The dividend is payable on   December 2, 2016   to stockholders of record on   November 18, 2016  . 
    
  Property Acquisitions 
  Since September 30, 2016 and through November 10, 2016, the Company has acquired   one   real estate property totaling approximately   11,000   square feet for a purchase price of approximately   $3.3 million  , including cash consideration of approximately   $3.3 million  . Upon acquisition, the property was   100%   leased with a lease expiration in   2023  .  
    
  Amended and Restated Alignment of Interest Program 
  On November 1, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors (the    Board   ), at the recommendation of the compensation committee of the Board (the    Committee   ), approved and adopted the Amended and Restated Alignment of Interest Program (the    Restated Alignment Program   ).  The principal change in the Restated Alignment Program is to reserve   500,000   shares of the Company s common stock to be issued under this program (the    Program Pool   ) as Acquisition Shares (as defined below). Previously, shares of restricted common stock of the Company issued to employees under the Restated Alignment Program in exchange for such employee s cash compensation (   Acquisition Shares   ) were issued from the pool of shares created and reserved for issuance under Section 3.1 of the 2014 Incentive Plan (the    Plan Pool   ). The Restated Alignment Program now requires that Acquisition Shares be issued from the Program Pool going forward instead of from the Plan Pool. 

20 

ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report and other materials that Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated (the "Company") has filed or may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made, or to be made, by management of the Company, contain, or will contain,   contains statements that are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of forward-looking terminology such as  believes ,  expects ,  may ,  should ,  seeks ,  approximately ,  intends ,  plans ,  estimates ,  anticipates  or other similar words or expressions, including the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and can include future expectations, future plans and strategies, financial and operating projections or other forward-looking information. Such forward-looking statements reflect management s current beliefs and are based on information currently available to management. Because forward-looking statements relate to future events, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company s control. Thus, the Company s actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements. Some factors that might cause such a difference include the following: general volatility of the capital markets and the market price of the Company s common stock, changes in the Company s business strategy, availability, terms and deployment of capital, the Company s ability to refinance existing indebtedness at or prior to maturity on favorable terms, or at all, changes in the real estate industry in general, interest rates or the general economy, adverse developments related to the healthcare industry, the degree and nature of the Company s competition, the ability to consummate acquisitions under contract and the other factors described in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Readers are therefore cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained herein which speak only as of the date hereof.  The Company intends these forward-looking statements to speak only as of the time of this report and the Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 
    
  The purpose of this Management's Discussion and Analysis ("MD A") is to provide an understanding of the Company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. 
    
  Overview 
  References such as "we," "us," "our," and "the Company" mean Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership of which we are the sole general partner (the "OP"). 
    
  We were organized in the State of Maryland on March 28, 2014. We are a self-administered, self-managed healthcare real estate investment trust, or REIT, that acquires and owns properties that are leased to hospitals, doctors, healthcare systems or other healthcare service providers in non-urban markets. The Company conducts its business through an UPREIT structure in which its properties are owned by the OP, either directly or through subsidiaries. The Company is the sole general partner, owning 100% of the OP units.  
    
  Equity Offerings 
  On May 27, 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering of 7,187,500 shares of its common stock, including 937,500 shares of common stock issued in connection with the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares, and received net proceeds of approximately $125.2 million from the offering. Additionally, the Company issued 123,683 shares of common stock to certain directors and officers of the Company in concurrent private placements and received approximately $2.3 million in net proceeds.  
  
   21 

In April 2016, the Company completed a follow-on offering of   5,175,000   shares of its common stock, including   675,000   shares of common stock issued in connection with the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares, and received net proceeds, after underwriter's discount, of approximately $  86.8 million   from the follow-on offering. 
    
  Proceeds from these offerings have substantially been used to fund the Company's real estate investments. See Notes 2 and 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on these investments. 

Trends and Matters Impacting Operating Results 
    
  Management will monitor factors and trends that it believes are important to the Company and the REIT industry in order to gauge their potential impact on the operations of the Company. Certain of the factors and trends that management believes may impact the operations of the Company are discussed below. 
    
  Real estate acquisitions 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company acquired   four   real estate properties totaling approximately   57,983   square feet for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $12.1 million  , including cash consideration of approximately   $12.1 million  . Upon acquisition, the properties were   100.0%   leased with lease expirations ranging from   2018 through 2031  .  
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company acquired   three   real estate properties totaling approximately   153,446   square feet for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $33.5 million  , including cash consideration of approximately   $21.1 million   and the conversion of a   $12.5 million   mortgage note receivable. Upon acquisition, the properties were approximately   93.7%   leased in the aggregate with lease expirations ranging from   2016 through 2031  . In addition, one of the properties includes contingent consideration which could result in additional purchase price of up to $0.5 million.  
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company acquired   four   real estate properties totaling approximately   146,443   square feet for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $25.4 million  , including cash consideration of approximately   $25.6 million  . Upon acquisition, the properties were approximately   95.6%   leased in the aggregate with lease expirations ranging from   2017 through 2026  . 
    
  See Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more details on these acquisitions. 
    
  Mortgage note funding 
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company funded a   $12.5 million   mortgage note secured by an   85,000   square foot behavioral facility in Illinois which matures on   January 31, 2027  . The Company received a loan fee from the transaction totaling   $93,750   which was deferred and was being recognized into income on a straight-line basis, which approximated the effective interest method, through the maturity of the mortgage note. The mortgage loan required interest only payments to us through January 2017 and had a stated fixed interest rate of   11%  . In April 2016, the Company exercised it option to acquire the behavioral facility secured by this mortgage and completed the acquisition in May 2016 as discussed in more detail in Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Upon acquisition, the Company recognized into income the unamortized portion of the loan fee totaling approximately   $90,000  . 
    
  Subsequent Acquisitions 
    
  Since September 30, 2016 and through November 10, 2016, the Company has acquired   one   real estate property totaling approximately   11,000   square feet for a purchase price of approximately   $3.3 million  , including cash consideration of approximately   $3.3 million  . Upon acquisition, the property was   100%   leased with a lease expiration in   2023  . The acquisition was funded with proceeds from our Credit Facility. 
  
   22 

Acquisition pipeline  
    
  The Company has seven properties under definitive purchase agreements for an aggregate expected purchase price of approximately $50.2 million. The Company's expected return on these investments range from approximately 9.0% to 9.7%. The Company is currently performing due diligence procedures customary for these types of transactions and cannot provide any assurance as to the timing or when or whether these transactions will actually close. 
    
  Lease expirations 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, our real estate portfolio was approximately   92.4%   leased in the aggregate with lease expirations ranging from   2016 through 2031  . We expect that up to approximately 10% to 20% of our leases will expire annually, given that our leases are generally five to seven year leases with physicians or other healthcare providers. Management has renewed or re-leased all of the leases expiring during the remainder of 2016. Based on annualized rent, approximately   13.8%   will expire in 2017. Management expects that many of its tenants will renew their leases, but in cases where they do not renew, the Company believes that in most cases it will be able to re-lease those spaces to existing or new tenants without incurring significant loss of rental income.  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably like to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
    
  Inflation 
    
  We believe inflation will have a minimal impact on the operating performance of our properties. Many of our lease agreements contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation. These provisions include clauses that enable us to receive payment of increased rent pursuant to escalation clauses which generally increase rental rates during the terms of the leases. These escalation clauses often provide for fixed rent increases or indexed escalations (based upon the Consumer Price Index or other measures). However, some of these contractual rent increases may be less than the actual rate of inflation. Generally, our lease agreements require the tenant to pay property operating expenses, including maintenance costs, real estate taxes and insurance. This requirement reduces our exposure to increases in these costs and property operating expenses resulting from inflation. 
    
  Seasonality 
    
  We do not expect our business to be subject to material seasonal fluctuations. 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  See Note 1 to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements accompanying this report for information on new accounting standards not yet adopted.  

23 

Results of Operations 
    
  The Company's results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 have most significantly been impacted by the consummation of operations for the Company upon the completion of the Company's initial public offering in May 2015. Shortly after completing our initial public offering, we closed on our Credit Facility, which we amended and restated during the third quarter of 2016.  Also, through September 30, 2016, we have invested in   52   real estate properties and mortgages, and completed a follow-on public offering in April 2016. These events are discussed in more detail in the Notes to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
    
  The table below shows our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income (loss). 

Revenues 
    
  Our revenues for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 totaling   $6.4 million   and   $3.2 million  , respectively, represented income generated from the   52   and 33 real estate properties acquired and mortgage notes funded, respectively, since our initial public offering in May 2015. Revenues generally include contractual rents and late fees due under the leases with our tenants, as well as straight-line rent adjustments and estimated operating expense recoveries under our tenant leases, and mortgage interest related to our mortgage note receivable. Rental income includes straight-line rent which increased approximately $121,000 and amortization of below-market leases, net of above-market leases, which increased approximately $17,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

24 

Expenses 
    
  Our expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 totaling   $5.2 million   and   $3.2 million  , respectively, generally represented expenses related to our real estate properties, general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization expense, and bad debt expense as follows: 

Property operating expenses included expenses incurred related to our   51   and 32 owned real estate properties as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Property operating expenses generally include real estate taxes and insurance, utilities, repairs and maintenance and other operating expenses of the properties. Property operating expenses were reduced by approximately $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to the net adjustments in the fair value of contingent purchase price initially recognized upon the acquisition of three properties. 
                
    General and administrative expenses generally included legal, regulatory, accounting and other closing expenses related to the Company s acquisitions, as well as certain compensation-related and occupancy costs related to its officers, employees and corporate office. Compensation-related expenses increased approximately $0.2 million and professional fees, including closing expenses related to the Company's acquisitions, increased approximately $0.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 
                
    Depreciation and amortization generally included depreciation on its buildings and improvements, as well as amortization of intangible assets resulting from the acquisition of its real estate properties. 
        
  Interest expense 
    
  Interest expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 totaling approximately   $185,000   and   $140,000  , respectively, included accrued interest due on the Credit Facility, as well as amortization of deferred financing costs related to the Credit Facility.  

25 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
    
  The table below shows our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income (loss). 

Revenues 
    
  Our revenues for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 totaling   $17.8 million   and   $4.1 million  , respectively, represented income generated from the   52   and 33 real estate properties acquired and mortgage notes funded, respectively, since our initial public offering in May 2015. Revenues generally include contractual rents and late fees due under the leases with our tenants, as well as straight-line rent adjustments and estimated operating expense recoveries under our tenant leases, and mortgage interest related to our mortgage notes receivable. Rental income includes straight-line rent which increased approximately $341,000 and amortization of below-market leases, net of above-market leases, which increased approximately $51,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 
    
  Expenses 
    
  Our expenses for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 totaling   $15.4 million   and   $5.5 million  , respectively, generally represented expenses related to our real estate properties, general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, and bad debt expense as follows: 

Property operating expenses included expenses incurred related to our   51   and 32 owned real estate properties as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Property operating expenses generally include real estate taxes and insurance, utilities, repairs and maintenance and other operating expenses of the properties. Property operating expenses were reduced by approximately $1.0 million for the nine months  
     
   26 

ended September 30, 2016 due to adjustments in the fair value of contingent purchase price initially recognized upon the acquisition of three properties. 
             
    General and administrative expenses generally included legal, regulatory, accounting and other closing expenses related to the Company s acquisitions, as well as certain compensation-related and occupancy costs related to its officers, employees and corporate office. Transaction costs related to the Company's initial public offering in 2015 and the acquisition of real estate properties during each period were approximately   $0.6 million   and   $1.4 million  , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
                
    Depreciation and amortization generally included depreciation on its buildings and improvements, as well as amortization of intangible assets resulting from the acquisition of its real estate properties. 
        
  Interest expense 
    
  Interest expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 totaling approximately   $0.8 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively, included accrued interest due on the Credit Facility, as well as amortization of deferred financing costs related to the Credit Facility. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  The Company monitors its liquidity and capital resources and relies on several key indicators in its assessment of capital markets for financing acquisitions and other operating activities as needed, including the following: 

Leverage ratios and financial covenants included in our Credit Facility; 
                
    Dividend payout percentage; and 
                
    Interest rates, underlying treasury rates, debt market spreads and equity markets. 
       
  The Company uses these indicators and others to compare its operations to its peers and to help identify areas in which the Company may need to focus its attention. 
    
  Sources and Uses of Cash 
    
  The Company derives most of its revenues from its real estate property and mortgage notes portfolio, collecting rental income, operating expense reimbursements and mortgage interest based on contractual arrangements with its tenants and borrowers. These sources of revenue represent our primary source of liquidity to fund our dividends, general and administrative expenses, property operating expenses, interest expense on our Credit Facility and other expenses incurred related to managing our existing portfolio and investing in additional properties. To the extent additional resources are needed, the Company will fund its investment activity generally through equity or debt issuances either in the public or private markets or through proceeds from our Credit Facility. 
    
  The Company expects to meet its liquidity needs through cash on hand, cash flows from operations and cash flows from sources discussed above. The Company believes that its liquidity and sources of capital are adequate to satisfy its cash requirements. The Company cannot, however, be certain that these sources of funds will be available at a time and upon terms acceptable to the Company in sufficient amounts to meet its liquidity needs. 
    
  On   August 10, 2016  , the Company amended its Credit Facility to increase its maximum borrowing capacity from   $75.0 million   to   $150.0 million  . The Credit Facility will mature on   August 9, 2019   and includes two options to extend the facility, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Interest on the Credit Facility was adjusted downward by   25   basis points and certain financial covenants were adjusted or replaced to reflect the Company's success since its initial public offering when the Company originally entered into its Credit Facility. The Company incurred   $0.6 million   in fees and other costs to amend and extend its Credit Facility which will be amortized to expense over the life of the Credit Facility. At September 30, 2016, the Company had   $5.0 million   outstanding under swing-line loans under the Credit Facility with a remaining borrowing capacity of   $145.0 million  . Our debt to total  
  
   27 

book capitalization ratio was approximately   2.5%   and our weighted average interest rate was approximately   4.75%   at September 30, 2016. See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more details on the Credit Facility. 
    
  The Company s ability to borrow under the Credit Facility is subject to its ongoing compliance with a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations with respect to liens, indebtedness, distributions, mergers, consolidations, investments, restricted payments and asset sales, as well as financial maintenance covenants. Also, our present financing policy prohibits incurring debt (secured or unsecured) in excess of 40% of our total book capitalization. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with its financial covenants under the Credit Facility. 
    
  Universal Shelf S-3 Registration Statement 
    
  On September 13, 2016, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 that will allow us to offer debt or equity securities (or a combination thereof) of up to   $750.0 million  , from time to time. The S-3 registration statement was declared effective as of September 26, 2016. The Company has no current intent to offer any securities under our registration statement. 
    
  Subsequent Acquisitions 
    
  Since September 30, 2016 and through November 10, 2016, the Company has acquired   one   real estate property totaling approximately   11,000   square feet for a purchase price of approximately   $3.3 million  , including cash consideration of approximately   $3.3 million  . Upon acquisition, the property was   100%   leased with a lease expiration in   2023  . The acquisition was funded with proceeds from our Credit Facility. 
    
  Acquisition pipeline 
    
  The Company has seven properties under definitive purchase agreements for an aggregate expected purchase price of approximately $50.2 million. The Company's expected return on these investments range from approximately 9.0% to 9.7%. The Company is currently performing due diligence procedures customary for these types of transactions and cannot provide any assurance as to the timing or when or whether these transactions will actually close. The Company anticipates funding these investments with cash from operations and through proceeds from its Credit Facility. 
    
  Operating Activities 
    
  Cash flows provided by operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were approximately   $10.8 million   and   $1.5 million  , respectively. Cash flows provided by operating activities were generally provided by contractual rents, net of expenses, including costs related to property acquisitions and expenses reflected in 2015 related to its initial public offering in May 2015. 
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Cash flows used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were approximately   $71.8 million   and   $111.0 million  , respectively. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company invested in   11   properties for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $71.1 million  , including approximately   $58.8 million   in cash consideration, including transaction costs incurred, and the conversion of a   $12.5 million   mortgage note that the Company had funded during the first quarter of 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company invested in 32 properties for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $100.5 million, including approximately $100.0 million in cash consideration and funded an $11.0 million mortgage note secured by a 29,890 square foot long-term acute care facility in Louisiana. 

28 

Financing Activities 
    
  Cash flows provided by financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were approximately   $60.7 million   and   $125.6 million  , respectively. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company completed a public offering of   5,175,000   shares of its common stock, including   675,000   shares of common stock issued in connection with the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares, and received net proceeds, after underwriter's discount, of approximately $  86.8 million   from the offering, incurred costs of approximately   $0.7 million   relating to the public offering, incurred expenses of approximately   $0.6 million   related to amending its Credit Facility and paid quarterly dividends of approximately   $12.8 million  . During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering and concurrently issued common stock in private placements and received net proceeds, after underwriter's discount, of approximately   $129.4 million  , incurred costs of approximately   $1.8 million   relating to the initial public offering, incurred expenses of approximately   $0.9 million   relating to entering into its original revolving credit facility and paid a dividend of approximately   $1.1 million  . 
    
  Security Deposits 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company held approximately   $407,000   in security deposits for the benefit of the Company in the event the obligated tenant fails to perform under the terms of its respective lease. Generally, the Company may, at its discretion and upon notification to the tenant, draw upon the security deposits if there are any defaults under the leases. 
    
  Dividends 
    
  The Company is required to pay dividends to its stockholders at least equal to 90% of its taxable income in order to maintain its qualification as a REIT.  
    
  On   November 1, 2016  , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly common stock dividend in the amount of   $0.385   per share. The dividend is payable on   December 2, 2016   to stockholders of record on   November 18, 2016  . This rate equates to an annualized dividend of $1.54 per share. 
    
  On September 2, 2016, the Company paid a cash dividend in the amount of $0.3825 per share to stockholders of record on August 19, 2016. This rate equates to an annualized dividend of $1.53 per share. 
    
  On June 3, 2016, the Company paid a cash dividend in the amount of $0.38 per share to shareholders of record on May 20, 2016. This rate equates to an annualized dividend of $1.52 per share.  
    
  On March 4, 2016, the Company paid a cash dividend in the amount of $0.3775 per share to shareholders of record on February 19, 2016. This rate equates to an annual dividend of $1.51 per share.  
    
  The ability of the Company to pay dividends is dependent upon its ability to generate cash flows and to make accretive new investments. 

Funds from Operations 
    
  Funds from operations ( FFO ) and FFO per share are operating performance measures adopted by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. ( NAREIT ). NAREIT defines FFO as the most commonly accepted and reported measure of a REIT s operating performance equal to  net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation and amortization related to real estate properties, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures.   
    
  Management believes that net income (loss), as defined by GAAP, is the most appropriate earnings measurement. However, management believes FFO and FFO per share to be supplemental measures of a REIT s performance because they provide an understanding of the operating performance of the Company s properties without giving  
  
   29 

effect to certain significant non-cash items, primarily depreciation and amortization expense. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with GAAP assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions. The Company believes that by excluding the effect of depreciation, amortization and gains or losses from sales of real estate, all of which are based on historical costs and which may be of limited relevance in evaluating current performance, FFO and FFO per share can facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods. The Company reports FFO and FFO per share because these measures are observed by management to also be the predominant measures used by the REIT industry and by industry analysts to evaluate REITs and because FFO per share is consistently reported, discussed, and compared by research analysts in their notes and publications about REITs. For these reasons, management has deemed it appropriate to disclose and discuss FFO and FFO per share. However, FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP and is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to common stockholders as an indicator of the Company s operating performance or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. The table below reconciles FFO to net income. 

30 

ITEM 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. We may use certain derivative financial instruments to manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to our borrowings. We will not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and only enter into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit rating and other factors. An interest rate swap is a contractual agreement entered into by two counterparties under which each agrees to make periodic payments to the other for an agreed period of time based on a notional amount of principal. Under the most common form of interest rate swap, known from our perspective as a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap, a series of floating, or variable, rate payments on a notional amount of principal is exchanged for a series of fixed interest rate payments on such notional amount. Though the Company had not engaged in hedging activities as of   September 30, 2016  , no assurance can be given that any future hedging activities by us will have the desired beneficial effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

ITEM 4.    Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, Company s management has concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act. 
    
  Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   31 

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  The Company may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business or which may be expected to be covered by insurance. The Company is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation that, if resolved against the Company, would have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS 
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, an investor should consider the risk factors included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-210397), its Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-213614), and other previously filed reports pursuant to the Securities Act. 

ITEM 2.   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
    
  None. 

ITEM 3.   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    
  None. 

ITEM 4.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  None. 

ITEM 5.   OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None. 
  
   32 

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS                      Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description 
      3.1 
    Corporate Charter of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, as amended    (1)  
      3.2 
    Bylaws of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, as amended    (2)  
      10.1 * 
    Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2016, among Community Healthcare OP, LP, the Company, the Lenders from time to time party hereto, and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent 
      31.1 * 
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Rule 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2 * 
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Rule 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.1 ** 
    Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

_________ 
           * 
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith. 

33 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
  Date:   November 10, 2016    
                     
    COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED 

By: 
    /s/ Timothy G. Wallace 

Timothy G. Wallace 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

By: 
    /s/ W. Page Barnes 

W. Page Barnes 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

34 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                     Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description 
      3.1 
    Corporate Charter of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, as amended    (1)  
      3.2 
    Bylaws of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, as amended    (2)  
      10.1 * 
    Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2016, among Community Healthcare OP, LP, the Company, the Lenders from time to time party hereto, and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent 
      31.1 * 
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Rule 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2 * 
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Rule 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.1 ** 
    Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

_________ 
           * 
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith. 

35 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 chct-2016930xexhibitx101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of August 10, 2016 

among 

COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE OP, LP, 
  as Borrower, 

COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED, 
  as REIT Guarantor, 
    
  THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO 

and 

SUNTRUST BANK, 
  as Administrative Agent 

SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC.  
    
  and 
    
  FIFTH THIRD BANK 
    
  as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Managers 
    
  and 
    
  FIFTH THIRD BANK  , 
  as Syndication Agent 

i 
  Execution Version 

ii 
  Execution Version 

iii 
  Execution Version 

iv 
  Execution Version 

Schedules 

Schedule I 

Commitment Amounts 
      Schedule 4.14 
      
    - 
      
    Subsidiaries 
      Schedule 4.16 
      
    - 
      
    Deposit and Disbursement Accounts 
      Schedule 4.18 
      
    - 
      
    Unencumbered Pool Properties 
      Schedule 4.19 
      
    - 
      
    Material Agreements 
      Schedule 7.1 
      
    - 
      
    Existing Indebtedness 
      Schedule 7.2 
      
    - 
      
    Existing Liens 
      Schedule 7.4 
      
    - 
      
    Existing Investments 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
      Exhibit B 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Joinder Agreement 
      Exhibit 2.3 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Notice of Revolving Borrowing 
      Exhibit 2.4 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Notice of Swingline Borrowing 
      Exhibit 2.7 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Notice of Continuation/Conversion 
      Exhibits 2.20 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Tax Certificates 
      Exhibit 3.1(b)(iii) 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Reaffirmation of Obligations under Loan Documents 
      Exhibit 3.1(b)(iv) 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Secretary s Certificate 
      Exhibit 3.1(b)(vii) 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Officer s Certificate 
      Exhibit 5.1(c) 
      
    - 
      
    Form of Compliance Certificate 

v 
  Execution Version 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
  THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT   (this    Agreement   ) is made and entered into as of August 10, 2016, by and among   COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE OP, LP  , a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ),   COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED  , a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the several banks and other financial institutions and lenders from time to time party hereto (the    Lenders   ), and   SUNTRUST BANK  , in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders, as issuing bank and as swingline lender. 
  W I T N E S S E T H  : 
  WHEREAS  , pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of June 3, 2015 (as amended and in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, the    Existing Credit Agreement   ) by and among the Borrower, the REIT Guarantor, the several banks and other financial institutions party thereto as  Lenders , SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent and the other parties thereto, such Lenders established a $75,000,000 revolving credit facility in favor of the Borrower; and 
  WHEREAS  , the parties hereto desire to amend and restate the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement to, among other things, increase the amount of such revolving credit facility to $150,000,000, on the terms and conditions contained herein; 
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

ARTICLE I 
    
  DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION 

Section 1.1.        Definitions  .  In addition to the other terms defined herein, the following terms used herein shall have the meanings herein specified (to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): 
     Acquisition Closing Costs    shall mean the actual closing costs incurred by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries in connection with the acquisitions of any Property determined in accordance with GAAP. 
     Additional Lender    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.23(b)  . 
     Adjusted EBITDA    shall mean the EBITDA of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters most recently ended   less   applicable Capital Reserves. 
     Adjusted LIBOR    shall mean, with respect to each Interest Period for a Eurodollar Loan, (i) the rate   per annum   equal to the London interbank offered rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars appearing  on Reuters screen page LIBOR 01 (or on any successor or substitute page of such service or any successor to such service, or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period, divided by (ii) a percentage equal to 100%   minus   the then stated maximum rate of all reserve requirements (including any marginal, emergency, supplemental, special or other reserves and without benefit of credits for proration, exceptions or offsets that may be available from time to time) applicable to any member bank of the Federal Reserve System in respect of Eurocurrency liabilities as defined in Regulation D (or any successor category of liabilities under Regulation D);   provided  , that (x) if the rate referred to in clause (i) is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement and (y) if the rate referred to in  

clause (i) above is not available at any such time for any reason, then the rate referred to in clause (i) shall instead be the interest rate   per annum  , as determined by the Administrative Agent, to be the arithmetic average of the rates   per annum   at which deposits in  U. S. Dollars in an amount equal to the amount of such Eurodollar Loan are offered by major banks in the London interbank market to the Administrative Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time), two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and if such offered rate referred to in this clause (y) is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement).   
     Adjusted Net Operating Income    shall mean, with respect to a Property for a given period, the Net Operating Income for such Property for such period,   less   applicable Capital Reserves for such Property for such period. 
     Administrative Agent    shall mean SunTrust Bank in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
     Administrative Questionnaire    shall mean, with respect to each Lender, an administrative questionnaire in the form provided by the Administrative Agent and submitted to the Administrative Agent duly completed by such Lender. 
     Affiliate    shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Person.  For the purposes of this definition,  Control  shall mean the power, directly or indirectly, either to (i) vote 10% or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of a Person or (ii) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by control or otherwise.  The terms  Controlled by  and  under common Control with  have the meanings correlative thereto. 
     Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount    shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments from time to time.  On the Closing Date, the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount is $150,000,000. 
     Aggregate Revolving Commitments    shall mean, collectively, all Revolving Commitments of all Lenders at any time outstanding.   
     Agreement    shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
     Anti-Terrorism Order    shall mean Executive Order 13224, signed by President George W. Bush on September 23, 2001.  
     Applicable Lending Office    shall mean, for each Lender and for each Type of Loan, the  Lending Office  of such Lender (or an Affiliate of such Lender) designated for such Type of Loan in the Administrative Questionnaire submitted by such Lender or such other office of such Lender (or such Affiliate of such Lender) as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the office by which its Loans of such Type are to be made and maintained. 
     Applicable Margin    shall mean, as of any date, with respect to interest on all Revolving Loans outstanding on such date or the letter of credit fee, as the case may be, the percentage   per annum   determined by reference to the applicable Leverage Ratio in effect on such date as set forth in the pricing grid below (the    Pricing Grid      provided   that a change in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the Leverage Ratio shall be effective on the second Business Day after which the Borrower delivers each of the financial statements required by   Sections 5.1(a)   and   5.1(b)  , as applicable, and the Compliance Certificate required by   Section 5.1(c)  ;   provided  ,   further  , that if at any time the Borrower shall have failed to deliver such financial statements and such Compliance Certificate when so required, the Applicable Margin shall be at Level 2 as set forth in the Pricing Grid until such time as such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered, at which time the Applicable Margin shall be determined as provided above.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Margin from the Closing Date until the date by which the financial statements and Compliance Certificate for the first Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date are required  
  
   2 
  Execution Version 

to be delivered shall be at Level 1 as set forth in the Pricing Grid.  In the event that any financial statement or Compliance Certificate delivered hereunder is shown to be inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement or the Commitments are in effect when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin based upon the Pricing Grid (the    Accurate Applicable Margin   ) for any period that such financial statement or Compliance Certificate covered, then (i) the Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Administrative Agent a correct financial statement or Compliance Certificate, as the case may be, for such period, (ii) the Applicable Margin shall be adjusted such that after giving effect to the corrected financial statement or Compliance Certificate, as the case may be, the Applicable Margin shall be reset to the Accurate Applicable Margin based upon the Pricing Grid for such period and (iii) the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, the accrued additional interest owing as a result of such Accurate Applicable Margin for such period.  The provisions of this definition shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to   Section 2.13(c)   or   Article VIII  . 

Applicable Period    means, at any time of determination, (i) during the period from March 31, 2017 to June 29, 2017, the Fiscal Quarter most recently ended, (ii) during the period from June 30, 2017 to September 29, 2017, the period of two consecutive Fiscal Quarters most recently ended, (iii) during the period from September 30, 2017 to December 30, 2017, the period of three consecutive Fiscal Quarters most recently ended, and (iii) on and after December 31, 2017, the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters most recently ended. 
     Approved Fund    shall mean any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (i) a Lender, (ii) an Affiliate of a Lender or (iii) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
     Assignment and Acceptance    shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by   Section 10.4(b)  ) and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of   Exhibit A   or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
     Availability Period    shall mean the period from the Closing Date to but excluding the Revolving Commitment Termination Date.  
     Bail-In Action    means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
     Bail-In Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
     Bank Product Obligations    shall mean, collectively, all obligations and other liabilities of any Loan Party to any Bank Product Provider arising with respect to any Bank Products. 
     Bank Product Provider    shall mean any Person that, at the time it provides any Bank Product to any Loan Party, (i) is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender and (ii) except when the Bank Product Provider is SunTrust Bank and its Affiliates, has provided prior written notice to the Administrative Agent which has been acknowledged by the  
  
   3 
  Execution Version 

Borrower of (x) the existence of such Bank Product, (y) the maximum dollar amount of obligations arising thereunder (the    Bank Product Amount   ) and (z) the methodology to be used by such parties in determining the obligations under such Bank Product from time to time.  In no event shall any Bank Product Provider acting in such capacity be deemed a Lender for purposes hereof to the extent of and as to Bank Products except that each reference to the term  Lender  in   Article IX   and   Section 10.3(b)   shall be deemed to include such Bank Product Provider and in no event shall the approval of any such person in its capacity as Bank Product Provider be required in connection with the release or termination of any security interest or Lien of the Administrative Agent.  The Bank Product Amount may be changed from time to time upon written notice to the Administrative Agent by the applicable Bank Product Provider.  No Bank Product Amount may be established at any time that a Default or Event of Default exists. 
     Bank Products    shall mean any of the following services provided to any Loan Party by any Bank Product Provider: (i) any treasury or other cash management services, including deposit accounts, automated clearing house (ACH) origination and other funds transfer, depository (including cash vault and check deposit), zero balance accounts and sweeps, return items processing, controlled disbursement accounts, positive pay, lockboxes and lockbox accounts, account reconciliation and information reporting, payables outsourcing, payroll processing, trade finance services, investment accounts and securities accounts, and (ii) card services, including credit cards (including purchasing cards and commercial cards), prepaid cards, including payroll, stored value and gift cards, merchant services processing, and debit card services. 
     Base Rate    shall mean the highest of (i) the rate which the Administrative Agent announces from time to time as its prime lending rate, as in effect from time to time, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate, as in effect from time to time,   plus   one-half of one percent (0.50%)   per annum   and (iii) Adjusted LIBOR determined on a daily basis for an Interest Period of one month,   plus   one percent (1.00%)   per annum   (any changes in such rates to be effective as of the date of any change in such rate).  The Administrative Agent s prime lending rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer.  The Administrative Agent may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above, or below the Administrative Agent s prime lending rate. 
     Borrower    shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
     Borrowing    shall mean a borrowing consisting of (i) Loans of the same Class and Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, or (ii) a Swingline Loan. 
      Business Day    shall mean any day other than (i) a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in Atlanta, Georgia are authorized or required by law to close and (ii) if such day relates to a Borrowing of, a payment or prepayment of principal or interest on, a conversion of or into, or an Interest Period for, a Eurodollar Loan or a notice with respect to any of the foregoing, any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market. 
     Capital Lease Obligations    of any Person shall mean all obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP.  The amount of a Capital Lease Obligation is the capitalized amount of such obligation as would be required to be reflected on a balance sheet of the applicable Person prepared in accordance with GAAP as of the applicable date. 
     Capital Reserves    shall mean, for a given period, (i)(a) $1,500 per bed for specialty hospitals, rehabilitation hospitals, LTACH s and acute care hospitals, (b) $500 per bed for SNFs, (c) $0.50 per square foot for MOBs, and (d) $0.75 per square foot for all other types of Properties,   less  , in the case of each of subclauses (a) through (d), any reserve amounts received and held by any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party from Tenants in accordance with the terms of the applicable lease,   times   (ii) the number of days in such period   divided by   (iii) 365.  If the term Capital Reserves is used without reference to any specific Property, then it shall be determined on an aggregate basis with respect to all Properties and the applicable Ownership Shares of all Properties of all Unconsolidated Affiliates. 
  
   4 
  Execution Version 

Capital Stock    shall mean all shares, options, warrants, general or limited partnership interests, membership interests or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent entity whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock or any other  equity security  (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act). 
     Cash Collateralize    shall mean, in respect of any obligations, to provide and pledge (as a first priority perfected security interest) cash collateral for such obligations in Dollars with the Administrative Agent pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and    Cash Collateral   ,    Cash Collateralized    and    Cash Collateralization    have the corresponding meanings). 
     Change in Control    shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (i) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in a single transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries to any Person or  group  (within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC thereunder in effect on the date hereof); (ii) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or  group  (within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) of 35.0% or more of the outstanding shares of the voting Capital Stock of the REIT Guarantor; (iii) during any period of 24 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the REIT Guarantor cease to be composed of individuals who are Continuing Directors; (iv) the REIT Guarantor ceases to be the direct or indirect legal and beneficial owner of all of the Capital Stock in the Borrower; (v) any of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, or any other Loan Party shall create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on the Capital Stock of the Borrower or any other Loan Party owned by it other than pursuant to the Collateral Documents; or (vi) the REIT Guarantor ceases to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, all of the Capital Stock of each Property Owner. 
     Change in Law    shall mean (i) the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (ii) any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in the interpretation, implementation or application thereof, by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement, or (iii) compliance by any Lender (or its Applicable Lending Office) or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of   Section 2.18(b)  , by the Parent Company of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, if applicable) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement;   provided   that for purposes of this Agreement, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, implemented or issued. 
     Class   , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans and when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment or a Swingline Commitment. 
     Closing Date    shall mean the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in   Sections 3.1   and   3.2   have been satisfied or waived in accordance with   Section 10.2  . 
     Code    shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
     Collateral    shall mean all tangible and intangible property, real and personal, of any Loan Party that is or purports to be the subject of a Lien to the Administrative Agent to secure the whole or any part of the Obligations or any Guarantee thereof.  
     Collateral Documents    shall mean, collectively, the Guaranty and Security Agreement and all other pledge agreements, instruments and agreements now or hereafter securing or perfecting the Liens securing the whole or any part of the Obligations or any Guarantee thereof, all UCC financing statements, stock certificates and stock  
  
   5 
  Execution Version 

powers, and all other documents, instruments, agreements and certificates executed and delivered by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the foregoing. 
     Commitment    shall mean a Revolving Commitment, a Swingline Commitment or any combination thereof (as the context shall permit or require). 
     Commodity Exchange Act    shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C.   1   et seq  .), as amended and in effect from time to time, and any successor statute thereto.   
     Compliance Certificate    shall mean a certificate from the principal executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Borrower in the form of, and containing the certifications set forth in, the certificate attached hereto as   Exhibit 5.1(c)  . 
     Continuing Director    shall mean, with respect to any period, any individuals (i) who were members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the REIT Guarantor on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in   clause (i)   above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body, or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in   clauses (i)   and   (ii)   above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. 
     Contractual Obligation    of any Person shall mean any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or undertaking under which such Person is obligated or by which it or any of the property in which it has an interest is bound. 
     Debtor Relief Laws    shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Requirements of Law of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
     Default    shall mean any condition or event that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
     Default Interest    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.13(c  ). 
     Defaulting Lender    shall mean, subject to   Section 2.26(c)  , any Lender that (i) has failed to (a) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (b) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (ii) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (iii) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this   clause (iii)   upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (iv) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (a) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (b) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit  
  
   6 
  Execution Version 

Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal or foreign regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (c) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.  Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of   clauses (i)   through   (iv)   above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to   Section 2.26(c)  ) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank, each Swingline Lender and each Lender. 
     Development Property    shall mean a Property currently under development that has not achieved an Occupancy Rate of 85.0% or more or on which the improvements (other than Tenant improvements on unoccupied space) related to the development have not been substantially completed. The term  Development Property  shall include real property of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence that satisfies both of the following conditions: (i) it is to be (but has not yet been) acquired by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any Unconsolidated Affiliate upon completion of construction pursuant to a contract in which the seller of such real property is required to develop or renovate prior to, and as a condition precedent to, such acquisition and (ii) a third party is developing such property using the proceeds of a loan that is Guaranteed by, or is otherwise recourse to, the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, any such Subsidiary or any Unconsolidated Affiliate. 
     Dollar(s)    and the sign    $    shall mean lawful money of the United States. 
     EBITDA    shall mean, with respect to any Person for any period (without duplication):  (i) net income (or loss) of such Person determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, exclusive of the following (but only to the extent included in determination of such net income (loss)): (a) depreciation and amortization expense; (b) Interest Expense; (c) income tax expense; (d) Acquisition Closing Costs and extraordinary or non-recurring gains and losses (including, without limitation, gains and losses on the sale of assets) and income and expense allocated to minority owners; and (e) other non-cash items to the extent not actually paid as a cash expense;   plus   (ii) such Person s Ownership Share of EBITDA of its Unconsolidated Affiliates. 
     EEA Financial Institution    means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
     EEA Member Country    means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
     EEA Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
    
     Eligible Ground Lease    shall mean a ground lease containing terms and conditions customarily required by mortgagees making a loan secured by the interest of the holder of the leasehold estate demised pursuant to a ground lease, including without limitation, the following: (i) a remaining term (exclusive of any unexercised extension options) of at least 30 years or more from the date such property becomes an Unencumbered Pool Property; (ii) the right of the lessee to mortgage and encumber its interest in the leased property, and to amend the terms of any such mortgage or encumbrance, in each case, without the consent of the lessor; (iii) the obligation of the lessor to give the holder of any mortgage Lien on such leased property written notice of any defaults on the part of the lessee and agreement of such lessor that such lease will not be terminated until such holder has had a reasonable opportunity to cure or complete foreclosures, and fails to do so; (iv) acceptable transferability of the lessee s interest under such lease,  
  
   7 
  Execution Version 

including ability to sublease; (v) acceptable limitations on the use of the leased property; and (vi) clearly determinable rental payment terms which in no event contain profit participation rights. 
     Eligible Property    shall mean Property which satisfies all of the following requirements as confirmed by the Administrative Agent:  (i) such Property is entirely owned by the Borrower or a Guarantor in fee simple or, if not owned in fee simple, if approved by the Required Lenders, the Property is leased under an Eligible Ground Lease by the Borrower or a Guarantor, as lessee; (ii) such Property is located in the continental United States; (iii) neither such Property, nor if such Property is owned by a Subsidiary, any of the Borrower s direct or indirect ownership interest in such Subsidiary, is subject to (a) any Lien other than Permitted Encumbrances described in   clause (i)   of the definition of such term, and in solely the case of such Property, Permitted Encumbrances described in   clauses (ii)   and   (vii)   of the definition of such term and Liens permitted under   Section 7.2(e)   or (b) any Negative Pledge; (iv) such Property is free of all structural defects or major architectural deficiencies, title defects, environmental conditions or other adverse matters except for defects, deficiencies, conditions or other matters which, individually or collectively, are not material to the profitable operation of such Property; (v) the REIT Guarantor or the Borrower has the right directly, or indirectly through a Subsidiary, to take the following actions with respect to such Property without the need to obtain the consent of any Person: (a) to create Liens on such Property as security for Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, and (b) to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of such Property; (vi) such Property is an MOB, a specialty procedure and short-stay acute care hospital, an acute care hospital, an ambulatory surgery center, a physicians  clinic, an integrated medical facility, a specialty treatment and diagnostic center, a SNF eligible for reimbursement under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, a LTACH or an inpatient rehabilitation hospital; (vii) all material occupancy and operating permits and customary licenses required by any Requirement of Law with respect to the ownership and operation of such Property are in effect and such Property is covered by insurance in amounts and upon terms that satisfy the criteria set forth herein; (viii) substantially all Tenants of such Property possess licenses in good standing with all Governmental Authorities at all times; and (ix) in the case of a Property to become an Unencumbered Pool Property after the Closing Date (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), the Borrower or the Property Owner of such property is entitled to receive, as an obligation under the applicable lease, periodic financial statements from major Tenants that provide separate data for the specific Property. 
     Environmental Laws    shall mean all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters. 
     Environmental Liability    shall mean any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental investigation and remediation, costs of administrative oversight, fines, natural resource damages, penalties or indemnities), of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (i) any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, (ii) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (iii) any actual or alleged exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (iv) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials or (v) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
     Equity Issuance    shall mean any issuance or sale by a Person of any Capital Stock in such Person and shall in any event include the issuance of any Capital Stock upon the conversion or exchange of any security constituting Indebtedness that is convertible or exchangeable, or is being converted or exchanged, for Capital Stock. 
     ERISA    shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended and in effect from time to time, and any successor statute thereto and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
     ERISA Affiliate    shall mean any person that for purposes of Title I or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code would be deemed at any relevant time to be a  single employer  or otherwise aggregated with the REIT Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA. 
  
   8 
  Execution Version 

ERISA Event    shall mean (i) any  reportable event  as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to a Plan (other than an event as to which the PBGC has waived under subsection .22, .23, .25, .27 or .28 of PBGC Regulation Section 4043 the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified of such event); (ii) any failure to make a required contribution to any Plan that would result in the imposition of a lien or other encumbrance or the provision of security under Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 or 4068 of ERISA, or the arising of such a lien or encumbrance, there being or arising any  unpaid minimum required contribution  or  accumulated funding deficiency  (as defined or otherwise set forth in Section 4971 of the Code or Part 3 of Subtitle B of Title 1 of ERISA), whether or not waived, or any filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or that such filing may be made, or any determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status under Title IV of ERISA; (iii) any incurrence by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan (other than for premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iv) any institution of proceedings, or the occurrence of an event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds for the institution of proceedings by the PBGC, under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan; (v) any incurrence by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any notice that a Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status under Section 305 of ERISA; (vi) any receipt by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any notice, or any receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (vii) engaging in a non-exempt prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA; or (viii) any filing of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan if such termination would require material additional contributions in order to be considered a standard termination within the meaning of Section 4041(b) of ERISA, any filing under Section 4041(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan, or the termination of any Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA. 
     EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
    
     Eurodollar   , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to Adjusted LIBOR.  
     Event of Default    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 8.1  . 
     Exchange Act    shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
     Excluded Subsidiary    shall mean any Subsidiary (i) holding title to assets that are or are to become collateral for any Secured Indebtedness of such Subsidiary and (ii) that is prohibited from guarantying the Indebtedness of any other Person pursuant to (a) any document, instrument or agreement evidencing such Secured Indebtedness or (b) a provision of such Subsidiary s organizational documents which provision was included in such Subsidiary s organizational documents as a condition to the extension of such Secured Indebtedness. 
     Excluded Swap Obligation    shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an  eligible contract participant  as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation.  If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only  
  
   9 
  Execution Version 

to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal.  
     Excluded Taxes    shall mean any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (a) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (b) that are Other Connection Taxes, (ii) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (a) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under   Section 2.25  ) or (b) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to   Section 2.20  , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (iii) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with   Section 2.20   and (iv) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
     Existing Credit Agreement    shall have the meaning given that term in the first WHEREAS paragraph hereof. 
     Existing Fee Letter    shall mean that certain fee letter dated as of April 8, 2015, executed by SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and accepted by the REIT Guarantor. 
     FASB ASC    shall mean the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
     FATCA    shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code or any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code. 
     Federal Funds Rate    shall mean, for any day, the rate   per annum   (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with member banks of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the next succeeding Business Day or, if such rate is not so published for any Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent. 
     Financial Covenants    shall mean the financial covenants set forth in   Article VI  . 
     Fiscal Quarter    shall mean any fiscal quarter of the REIT Guarantor. 
     Fiscal Year    shall mean any fiscal year of the REIT Guarantor. 
     Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio    shall mean, as of any date, the ratio of (i) Adjusted EBITDA to (ii) Fixed Charges of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, in each case for the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending on or immediately prior to such date for which financial statements are required to have been delivered under this Agreement.  
     Fixed Charges    shall mean, with respect to a Person and for a given period determined on a consolidated basis: (i) the Interest Expense of such Person for such period,   plus   (ii) the aggregate of all regularly scheduled principal payments on Indebtedness payable by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries during such period  
  
   10 
  Execution Version 

(excluding balloon, bullet or similar payments of principal due upon the stated maturity of Indebtedness),   plus   (iii) the aggregate amount of all preferred dividends paid by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period.  The REIT Guarantor s Ownership Share of the Fixed Charges of its Unconsolidated Affiliates will be included in when determining the Fixed Charges of the REIT Guarantor. 
     Foreign Lender    shall mean a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.   
     Funds From Operations    shall mean, with respect to a Person and for a given period, (i) net income (or loss) of such Person for such period determined on a consolidated basis,   minus   (or   plus  ) (ii) gains (or losses) from debt restructuring and sales of property or assets during such period,   plus   (iii) depreciation with respect to such Person s real property and amortization (other than amortization of deferred financing costs) of such Person for such period, all after adjustment for Unconsolidated Affiliates.  Adjustments for Unconsolidated Affiliates will be calculated to reflect funds from operations on the same basis. 
     GAAP    shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis and subject to the terms of   Section 1.3  . 
     Governmental Authority    shall mean the government of the United States, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).   Governmental Authority  shall include any agency, branch or other governmental body charged with the responsibility, or vested with the authority to administer or enforce, any Health Care Laws, including any Medicare or Medicaid contractors, intermediaries or carriers. 
     Guarantee    of or by any Person (the    guarantor   ) shall mean any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the    primary obligor   ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly and including any obligation, direct or indirect, of the guarantor (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (iv) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued in support of such Indebtedness or obligation;   provided   that the term  Guarantee  shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.  The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not so stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith.  The term  Guarantee  used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
     Guarantor    shall mean each of the REIT Guarantor and each Subsidiary Loan Party (other than the Borrower). 
     Guaranty and Security Agreement    shall mean the Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2015, made by the Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
     Hazardous Materials    shall mean all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
     Health Care Laws    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 4.20(a)  . 
  
   11 
  Execution Version 

Health Care Permits    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 4.20(d)  . 
     Hedge Termination Value    shall mean, in respect of any one or more Hedging Transactions, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Hedging Transactions, (i) for any date on or after the date such Hedging Transactions have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s) and (ii) for any date prior to the date referenced in   clause (i)  , the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedging Transactions, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedging Transactions (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).  
     Hedging Obligations    of any Person shall mean any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired under (i) any and all Hedging Transactions, (ii) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Hedging Transactions and (iii) any and all renewals, extensions and modifications of any Hedging Transactions and any and all substitutions for any Hedging Transactions. 
     Hedging Transaction    of any Person shall mean (i) any transaction (including an agreement with respect to any such transaction) now existing or hereafter entered into by such Person that is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap or option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option, spot transaction, credit protection transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or any combination thereof, whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (ii) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a    Master Agreement   ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
     HIPAA    shall mean the (i) Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; (ii) the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (Title XIII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009); and (iii) any state and local laws regulating the privacy and/or security of individually identifiable information, including state laws providing for notification of breach of privacy or security of individually identifiable information, in each case, with respect to the laws described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this definition, as amended and in effect from time to time, and any successor statutes thereto and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
     Increasing Lender    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.23(b)  . 
     Incremental Commitment    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.23(a)  . 
     Indebtedness    shall mean, with respect to a Person, all of the following (without duplication): (i) all obligations of such Person in respect of money borrowed or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business which is not more than 180 days past due); (ii) all obligations of such Person, whether or not for money borrowed (a) represented by notes payable, or drafts accepted, in each case representing extensions of credit, (b) evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, or (c) constituting purchase money indebtedness, conditional sales contracts, title retention debt instruments or other similar instruments, upon which interest charges are customarily paid or that are issued or assumed as full or partial payment for property or services rendered; (iii) Capital Lease Obligations of such Person; (iv) all reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Person under or in respect of any letters of credit or acceptances (whether or not the same have been presented for payment); (v) all Off-Balance Sheet Obligations of such Person; (vi) all obligations of such Person in respect of any purchase obligation, repurchase obligation, takeout commitment or forward equity commitment, in each case evidenced by a binding agreement (excluding any such obligation to the extent the obligation  
  
   12 
  Execution Version 

can be satisfied by the issuance of Capital Stock (excluding Mandatorily Redeemable Stock) of such Person); (vii) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Mandatorily Redeemable Stock issued by such Person or any other Person, valued at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; (viii) net obligations under any Hedging Transaction not entered into as a hedge against existing Indebtedness, in an amount equal to the Hedge Termination Value thereof; (ix) all Indebtedness of other Persons which such Person has Guaranteed or is otherwise recourse to such Person (except for guaranties of customary exceptions for fraud, misapplication of funds, environmental indemnities, violation of  special purpose entity  covenants, and other similar exceptions to recourse liability until a claim is made with respect thereto, and then shall be included only to the extent of the amount of such claim), including liability of a general partner in respect of liabilities of a partnership in which it is a general partner which would constitute  Indebtedness  hereunder, any obligation to supply funds to or in any manner to invest directly or indirectly in a Person, to maintain working capital or equity capital of a Person or otherwise to maintain net worth, solvency or other financial condition of a Person, to purchase Indebtedness, or to assure the owner of Indebtedness against loss, including, without limitation, through an agreement to purchase property, securities, goods, supplies or services for the purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of the Indebtedness held by such owner or otherwise; and (x) all Indebtedness of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property or assets owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness or other payment obligation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the calculation of Indebtedness shall not include any fair value adjustments to the carrying value of liabilities to record such liabilities at fair value pursuant to electing the fair value option election under FASB ASC 825-10-25 (formerly known as FAS 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities) or other FASB standards allowing entities to elect fair value option for financial liabilities. 
     Indemnified Taxes    shall mean (i) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (ii) to the extent not otherwise described in   clause (i)  , Other Taxes. 
     Interest Expense    shall mean, with respect to a Person and for any period, without duplication, total interest expense of such Person, including capitalized interest not funded under a construction loan interest reserve account, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP for such period.  The REIT Guarantor s Ownership Share of the Interest Expense of its Unconsolidated Affiliates will be included in when determining the Interest Expense of the REIT Guarantor. 
     Interest Period    shall mean with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing, a period of one, two, three or six months;   provided   that:  
  (i)    the initial Interest Period for such Borrowing shall commence on the date of such Borrowing (including the date of any conversion from a Borrowing of another Type), and each Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Borrowing shall commence on the day on which the immediately preceding Interest Period expires; 
  (ii)    if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the immediately following Business Day, unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period would end on the next preceding Business Day; 
  (iii)    any Interest Period which begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such calendar month; and  
  (iv)    no Interest Period may extend beyond the Stated Termination Date. 
     Investments    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 7.4  . 
     IRS    shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service.  
  
   13 
  Execution Version 

Issuing Bank    shall mean SunTrust Bank in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit pursuant to   Section 2.22  . 
     Joinder Agreement    shall mean a joinder agreement substantially in the form of   Exhibit B   to be executed by each Subsidiary from time to time required by   Section 5.11   to become a Subsidiary Loan Party after the Closing Date. 
     LC Commitment    shall mean that portion of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments that may be used by the Borrower for the issuance of Letters of Credit in an aggregate stated amount not to exceed $5,000,000. 
     LC Disbursement    shall mean a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
     LC Documents    shall mean all applications, agreements and instruments relating to the Letters of Credit but excluding the Letters of Credit. 
     LC Exposure    shall mean, at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time,   plus   (ii) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time.  The LC Exposure of any Lender shall be its Pro Rata Share of the total LC Exposure at such time. 
     Lender-Related Hedge Provider    shall mean any Person that, at the time it enters into a Hedging Transaction with any Loan Party, (i) is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender and (ii) except when the Lender-Related Hedge Provider is SunTrust Bank or any of its Affiliates, has provided prior written notice to the Administrative Agent which has been acknowledged by the Borrower of (x) the existence of such Hedging Transaction and (y) the methodology to be used by such parties in determining the obligations under such Hedging Transaction from time to time.  In no event shall any Lender-Related Hedge Provider acting in such capacity be deemed a Lender for purposes hereof to the extent of and as to Hedging Obligations except that each reference to the term  Lender  in   Article IX   and   Section 10.3(b)   shall be deemed to include such Lender-Related Hedge Provider.  In no event shall the approval of any such Person in its capacity as Lender-Related Hedge Provider be required in connection with the release or termination of any security interest or Lien of the Administrative Agent.  
     Lenders    shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof and shall include, where appropriate, the Swingline Lender, each Increasing Lender and each Additional Lender that joins this Agreement pursuant to   Section 2.23  . 
     Lenders  Presentation    shall mean the Lenders  Presentation dated July 2016, relating to the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and made available to the Lenders on July 21, 2016. 
     Letter of Credit    shall mean any stand-by letter of credit issued pursuant to   Section 2.22   by the Issuing Bank for the account of the Borrower pursuant to the LC Commitment. 
     Leverage Ratio    shall mean, as of any date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (i) Total Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor to (ii) Total Asset Value. 
     Lien    shall mean any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, encumbrance, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, or other arrangement having the practical effect of any of the foregoing or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital lease having the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
     Loan Documents    shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, the Collateral Documents, the LC Documents, the Reaffirmation of Guaranty and Security Agreement, the Existing Fee Letter, the New Fee Letter, all Notices of Borrowing, all Notices of Conversion/Continuation, all Notices of Additional Unencumbered Pool Property,  
  
   14 
  Execution Version 

all Compliance Certificates, any promissory notes issued hereunder and any and all other instruments, agreements, documents and writings executed in connection with any of the foregoing. 
     Loan Parties    shall mean, collectively, the Borrower, the REIT Guarantor and the Subsidiary Loan Parties. 
     Loans    shall mean all Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans in the aggregate or any of them, as the context shall require, and shall include, where appropriate, any loan made pursuant to   Section 2.23  . 
     LTACH    shall mean a long-term acute-care hospital. 
     Mandatorily Redeemable Stock    shall mean, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which by the terms of such Capital Stock (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable), upon the happening of any event or otherwise, (i) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (other than Capital Stock to the extent redeemable in exchange for common stock or other equivalent common equity interests at the option of the issuer of such Capital Stock), (ii) is convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Indebtedness or other Mandatorily Redeemable Stock, or (iii) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or part (other than Capital Stock which is redeemable solely in exchange for common stock or other equivalent common equity interests), in the case of each of clauses (i) through (iii), on or prior to the Stated Termination Date. 
     Material Adverse Effect    shall mean, with respect to any event, act, condition or occurrence of whatever nature (including any adverse determination in any litigation, arbitration, or governmental investigation or proceeding), whether singularly or in conjunction with any other event or events, act or acts, condition or conditions, occurrence or occurrences whether or not related, resulting in a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, (i) the business, results of operations, financial condition, assets, liabilities or prospects of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of the Loan Parties to perform any of their respective obligations under the Loan Documents, (iii) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents or (iv) the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents. 
     Material Agreements    shall mean (i) all agreements, indentures or notes governing the terms of any Material Indebtedness, (ii) all employment and non-compete agreements with key management, and (iii) all other agreements, documents, contracts, indentures and instruments pursuant to which (a) any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries are obligated to make payments in any twelve-month period of $1,000,000 or more, (b) any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries expects to receive revenue in any twelve month period of $1,000,000 or more and (c) a default, breach or termination thereof could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.   
     Material Indebtedness    shall mean any Indebtedness (other than the Loans and the Letters of Credit) of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries individually or in an aggregate committed or outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount.  
     Material Subsidiary    shall mean any Subsidiary (i) having $500,000 or more of total assets on an individual basis or (ii) that owns, or otherwise has any interest in, any Unencumbered Pool Property or any other property or asset which is taken into account when calculating the Unencumbered Pool Value.  
     Maximum Commitment Amount    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.23(a)  . 
     Medicaid    shall mean, collectively, the health care assistance program established by Title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) and any statutes succeeding thereto, and all laws, rules, regulations, manuals, orders or requirements pertaining to such program, including (i) all federal statutes affecting such program; (ii) all state statutes and plans for medical assistance enacted in connection with such program and federal rules and regulations promulgated in connection with such program; and (iii) all applicable provisions of all rules, regulations, manuals, orders and administrative, reimbursement, and requirements of all Governmental Authorities promulgated in  
  
   15 
  Execution Version 

connection with such program (whether or not having the force of law), in each case as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time. 
     Medicare    shall mean, collectively, the health insurance program for the aged and disabled established by Title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) and any statutes succeeding thereto, and all laws, rules, regulations, manuals, orders or requirements pertaining to such program including (i) all federal statutes (whether set forth in Title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) or elsewhere) affecting such program; and (ii) all applicable provisions of all rules, regulations, manuals, orders and administrative and reimbursement requirements of all Governmental Authorities promulgated in connection with such program (whether or not having the force of law), in each case as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time. 
     MOB    shall mean a medical office building. 
     Moody s    shall mean Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
     Multiemployer Plan    shall mean any  multiemployer plan  as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, which is contributed to by (or to which there is or may be an obligation to contribute of) the REIT Guarantor, any of its Subsidiaries or an ERISA Affiliate, and each such plan for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which the REIT Guarantor, any of its Subsidiaries or an ERISA Affiliate contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to such plan. 
     Negative Pledge    shall mean, with respect to a given asset, any provision of a document, instrument or agreement (other than any Loan Document) which prohibits or purports to prohibit the creation or assumption of any Lien on such asset as security for Indebtedness of the Person owning such asset or any other Person;   provided  ,   however  , that an agreement that conditions a Person s ability to encumber its assets upon the maintenance of one or more specified ratios that limit such Person s ability to encumber its assets but that do not generally prohibit the encumbrance of its assets, or the encumbrance of specific assets, shall not constitute a Negative Pledge. 
     Net Operating Income    or    NOI    shall mean, for any Property and for a given period, the following (without duplication and determined on a consistent basis with prior periods): (i) rents and other revenues received in the ordinary course from such Property (excluding pre-paid rents and revenues and security deposits except to the extent applied in satisfaction of Tenants  obligations for rent),   minus   (ii) all expenses paid (excluding interest but including an appropriate accrual for property taxes and insurance) related to the ownership, operation or maintenance of such Property, including but not limited to property taxes, assessments and the like, insurance, utilities, payroll costs, maintenance, repair and landscaping expenses, marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses (including an appropriate allocation for legal, accounting, advertising, marketing and other expenses incurred in connection with such Property, but specifically excluding general overhead expenses of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries and any property management fees),   minus   (iii) the greater of (a) the actual property management fee paid during such period with respect to such Property and (b) an imputed management fee in an amount equal to 3.0% of the gross revenues for such Property for such period,   minus   (iv) rent received from any Tenant that is in default under its lease of such Property or is the subject of any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding. 
     Net Proceeds    shall mean with respect to an Equity Issuance by a Person, the aggregate amount of all cash and the fair market value of all other property (other than securities of such Person being converted or exchanged in connection with such Equity Issuance) received by such Person in respect of such Equity Issuance net of investment banking fees, legal fees, accountants  fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary fees and expenses actually incurred by such Person in connection with such Equity Issuance. 
     New Fee Letter    shall mean that certain fee letter dated as of July 20, 2016, executed by SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and accepted by the REIT Guarantor. 
     Non-Defaulting Lender    shall mean, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender. 
  
   16 
  Execution Version 

Non-U.S. Plan    shall mean any plan, fund (including, without limitation, any superannuation fund) or other similar program established, contributed to (regardless of whether through direct contributions or through employee withholding) or maintained outside the United States by the REIT Guarantor or one or more of its Subsidiaries primarily for the benefit of employees of the REIT Guarantor or such Subsidiaries residing outside the United States, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in, retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement, or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and which plan is not subject to ERISA or the Code. 
     Nonrecourse Indebtedness    shall mean, with respect to a Person, Indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of which recourse for payment (except for customary exceptions for fraud, misapplication of funds, environmental indemnities, voluntary bankruptcy, collusive involuntary bankruptcy and other similar customary exceptions to nonrecourse liability) is contractually limited to specific assets of such Person encumbered by a Lien securing such Indebtedness (or, if such Person owns only a single asset, any Indebtedness for borrowed money of such Person). 
     Notice of Additional Unencumbered Pool Property    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 3.4  . 
     Notice of Conversion/Continuation    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.7(b)  . 
     Notice of Revolving Borrowing    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.3  . 
     Notice of Swingline Borrowing    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.4  . 
     Notices of Borrowing    shall mean, collectively, the Notices of Revolving Borrowing and the Notices of Swingline Borrowing. 
     Obligations    shall mean (i) all amounts owing by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender (including the Swingline Lender) or the Sole Lead Arranger pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit including, without limitation, all principal, interest (including any interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding relating to the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), reimbursement obligations, fees, expenses, indemnification and reimbursement payments, costs and expenses (including all fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and any Lender (including the Swingline Lender) incurred pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, now existing or hereafter arising hereunder or thereunder, (ii) all Hedging Obligations owed by any Loan Party to any Lender-Related Hedge Provider, and (iii) all Bank Product Obligations, together with all renewals, extensions, modifications or refinancings of any of the foregoing;   provided  ,   however  , that with respect to any Guarantor, the Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations. 
     Occupancy Rate    shall mean, with respect to a Property at any time, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of (i) the net rentable square footage of such Property actually occupied by Tenants that are not Affiliates of the Borrower and paying rent at rates not materially less than rates generally prevailing at the time the applicable lease was entered into, pursuant to binding leases as to which no monetary default has occurred and has continued unremedied for 30 or more days to (ii) the aggregate net rentable square footage of such Property. 
     OFAC    shall mean the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
     Off-Balance Sheet Obligations    shall mean, with respect to a Person: (i) obligations of such Person in respect of any financing transaction or series of financing transactions (including factoring arrangements) pursuant to which such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person has sold, conveyed or otherwise transferred, or granted a security interest in, accounts, payments, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment to a special purpose Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Person; (ii) obligations of such Person under a sale and leaseback transaction that does not create a liability on the balance sheet of such Person; (iii) obligations of such Person under  
  
   17 
  Execution Version 

any so-called  synthetic  lease transaction; (iv) obligations of such Person under any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of, or takes the place of, a borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person; and (v) in the case of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries, liabilities and obligations of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, any such Subsidiary or any other Person in respect of  off-balance sheet arrangements  (as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act) which the REIT Guarantor would be required to disclose in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section of the REIT Guarantor s report on Form 10 Q or Form 10 K (or their equivalents) which the REIT Guarantor is required to file with the SEC.   
     OSHA    shall mean the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended an in effect from time to time, and any successor statute thereto. 
     Other Connection Taxes    shall mean, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
     Other Taxes    shall mean any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to   Section 2.25  ). 
     Ownership Share    shall mean, with respect to any Subsidiary of a Person (other than a Wholly Owned Subsidiary) or any Unconsolidated Affiliate of a Person, the greater of (i) such Person s relative nominal direct and indirect ownership interest (expressed as a percentage) in such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate or (ii) such Person s relative direct and indirect economic interest (calculated as a percentage) in such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the declaration of trust, articles or certificate of incorporation, articles of organization, partnership agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable organizational document of such Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate. 
     Parent Company    shall mean, with respect to a Lender, the  bank holding company  as defined in Regulation Y, if any, of such Lender, and/or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of such Lender.  
     Participant    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 10.4(d  ). 
     Participant Register    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 10.4(e  ). 
     Patriot Act    shall mean the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Pub. L. 109-177 (signed into law March 9, 2006)), as amended and in effect from time to time. 
     Payment Office    shall mean the office of the Administrative Agent located at 303 Peachtree Street, N.E., Atlanta, Georgia 30308, or such other location as to which the Administrative Agent shall have given written notice to the Borrower and the other Lenders.  
     PBGC    shall mean the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA, and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
     Permitted Encumbrances    shall mean: 
  
   18 
  Execution Version 

(i)    Liens imposed by law for taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP; 
  (ii)    statutory Liens of landlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and other Liens imposed by law in the ordinary course of business for amounts not yet due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP;  
  (iii)    pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers  compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations;  
  (iv)    deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
  (v)    judgment and attachment liens not giving rise to an Event of Default or Liens created by or existing from any litigation or legal proceeding that are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP;  
  (vi)    customary rights of set-off, revocation, refund or chargeback under deposit agreements or under the Uniform Commercial Code or common law of banks or other financial institutions where the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries maintains deposits (other than deposits intended as cash collateral) in the ordinary course of business; and 
  (vii)    easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;   provided   that the term  Permitted Encumbrances  shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 
     Permitted Investments    shall mean: 
  (i)    direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; 
  (ii)    commercial paper having the highest rating, at the time of acquisition thereof, of S P or Moody s and in either case maturing within six months from the date of acquisition thereof; 
  (iii)    certificates of deposit, bankers  acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days of the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000; 
  (iv)    fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in   clause (i)   above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in   clause (iii)   above; and 
  (v)    mutual funds investing solely in any one or more of the Permitted Investments described in   clauses (i)   through   (iv)   above. 
  
   19 
  Execution Version 

Permitted Subordinated Debt    shall mean any Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party subordinated to the Obligations and containing terms and conditions, including without limitation subordination provisions, acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. 
     Person    shall mean any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, association, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or other entity, or any Governmental Authority. 
     Plan    shall mean any  employee benefit plan  as defined in Section 3 of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan) maintained or contributed to by the REIT Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the REIT Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate has or may have an obligation to contribute, and each such plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which the REIT Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate maintained, contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to (or is deemed under Section 4069 of ERISA to have maintained or contributed to or to have had an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise to have liability with respect to) such plan. 
     Pro Rata Share    shall mean (i) with respect to any Class of Commitment or Loan of any Lender at any time, a percentage, the numerator of which shall be such Lender s Commitment of such Class (or if such Commitment has been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure), and the denominator of which shall be the sum of all Commitments of such Class of all Lenders (or if such Commitments have been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, all Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders) and (ii) with respect to all Classes of Commitments and Loans of any Lender at any time, the numerator of which shall be the sum of such Lender s Revolving Commitment (or if such Revolving Commitment has been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure) and the denominator of which shall be the sum of all Lenders  Revolving Commitments (or if such Revolving Commitments have been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, all Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders funded under such Commitments). 
     Property    shall mean a parcel (or group of related parcels) of real property owned or leased (in whole or in part) by the REIT Guarantor, Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Unconsolidated Affiliate. 
     Property Owner    shall mean any Subsidiary that owns or leases an Unencumbered Pool Property. 
     Reaffirmation of Guaranty and Security Agreement    shall have the meaning given that term in   Section 3.1(b)(iii)  . 
     Recipient    shall mean, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent, (ii) any Lender and (iii) the Issuing Bank. 
     Recourse Indebtedness    shall mean Indebtedness that is not Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 
     Register    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 10.4(c)  . 
     Regulation D    shall mean Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. 
     Regulation T    shall mean Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. 
     Regulation U    shall mean Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. 
     Regulation X    shall mean Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. 
  
   20 
  Execution Version 

Regulation Y    shall mean Regulation Y of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations. 
     REIT    shall mean a real estate investment trust as defined in Sections 856-860 of the Code. 
     REIT Guarantor    shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
     Related Parties    shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
     Release    shall mean any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or within any building, structure, facility or fixture. 
     Required Lenders    shall mean, at any time, Lenders holding more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Commitments at such time or, if the Lenders have no Commitments outstanding, then Lenders holding more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Exposure of the Lenders at such time;   provided   that if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender and its Revolving Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure shall be excluded for purposes of determining Required Lenders.   
     Requirement of Law    for any Person shall mean (i) the articles or certificate of incorporation, bylaws, partnership certificate and agreement, or limited liability company certificate of organization and agreement, as the case may be, and other organizational and governing documents of such Person, and (ii) all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes, executive orders, and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
     Responsible Officer    shall mean (i) with respect to certifying compliance with the Financial Covenants or Unencumbered Pool Covenants, the chief financial officer or the treasurer of the REIT Guarantor or the Borrower and (ii) with respect to all other provisions, any of the president, the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer, the chief financial officer, the treasurer or a vice president of the applicable Loan Party  or other Person or such other representative of the applicable Loan Party or other Person as may be designated in writing by any one of the foregoing with the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
     Restricted Payment    shall mean, for any Person, any dividend or distribution on any class of its Capital Stock, or any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance or other acquisition of any shares of its Capital Stock, any Indebtedness subordinated to the Obligations or any Guarantee thereof or any options, warrants or other rights to purchase such Capital Stock or such Indebtedness, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or any management or similar fees.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term  Restricted Payment  shall not include (i) any dividend or distribution on, or other payment in respect of, Capital Stock of a Person payable solely in other Capital Stock (other than Mandatorily Redeemable Stock) of such Person or (ii) any payment in respect of Permitted Subordinated Debt to the extent such payment is permitted under   Section 7.14(a)  . 
     Revolving Commitment    shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the amount set forth with respect to such Lender on   Schedule I  , as such schedule may be amended pursuant to   Section 2.23  , or, in the case of a Person becoming a Lender after the Closing Date, the amount of the assigned  Revolving Commitment  as provided in the Assignment and Acceptance executed  
  
   21 
  Execution Version 

by such Person as an assignee, or the joinder executed by such Person, in each case as such commitment may subsequently be increased or decreased pursuant to the terms hereof. 
     Revolving Commitment Termination Date    shall mean the earliest of (i) the Stated Termination Date, (ii) the date on which the Revolving Commitments are terminated pursuant to and in accordance with   Section 2.8   and (iii) the date on which all amounts outstanding under this Agreement have been declared or have automatically become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise). 
     Revolving Credit Exposure    shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure. 
     Revolving Loan    shall mean a loan made by a Lender (other than the Swingline Lender) to the Borrower under its Revolving Commitment, which may either be a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Loan.  
     S P    shall mean Standard   Poor's Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
     Sanctioned Country    shall mean a country subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Pages/default.aspx, or as otherwise published from time to time. 
     Sanctioned Person    shall mean (i) a Person named on the list of  Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons  maintained by OFAC available at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx, or as otherwise published from time to time, or (ii) (A) an agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country, (B) an organization controlled by a Sanctioned Country, or (C) a person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC. 
     SEC    shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
     Secured Indebtedness    shall mean, with respect to a Person as of a given date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of such Person determined on a consolidated basis outstanding on such date that is secured in any manner by any lien and, in the case of the REIT Guarantor, shall include (without duplication) the REIT Guarantor s Ownership Share of the Secured Indebtedness of its Unconsolidated Affiliates.  
     Secured Parties    shall mean the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank, the Lender-Related Hedge Providers and the Bank Product Providers. 
     SNF    shall mean a skilled nursing facility. 
     Sole Lead Arranger    shall mean SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger in connection with this Agreement. 
     Solvent    shall mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (i) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including subordinated and contingent liabilities, of such Person; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts and liabilities, including subordinated and contingent liabilities as they become absolute and matured; (iii) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature; and (iv) such Person is not engaged in a business or transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital.  The amount of contingent liabilities (such as litigation, guaranties and pension plan liabilities) at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at the time, represents the amount that would reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
  
   22 
  Execution Version 

Stated Termination Date    shall mean August 10, 2019, as such date may be extended pursuant to   Section 2.5  . 
     Subordinated Debt Documents    shall mean all indentures, agreements, notes, guaranties and other agreements governing or evidencing any Permitted Subordinated Debt. 
     Subsidiary    shall mean, with respect to any Person (the    parent   ) at any date, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association or other entity (i) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (ii) that is, as of such date, otherwise controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.  Unless otherwise indicated, all references to  Subsidiary  hereunder shall mean a Subsidiary of the REIT Guarantor. 
     Subsidiary Loan Party    shall mean, collectively, (i) each Property Owner, (ii) each Subsidiary that owns, directly or indirectly, any Capital Stock of any Property Owner, and (iii) each other Material Subsidiary (unless an Excluded Subsidiary). 
     Swap Obligation    shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a  swap  within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.   
     Swingline Commitment    shall mean the commitment of the Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $15,000,000. 
     Swingline Exposure    shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the principal amount of the Swingline Loans in which such Lender is legally obligated either to make a Base Rate Loan or to purchase a participation in accordance with   Section 2.4  , which shall equal such Lender s Pro Rata Share of all outstanding Swingline Loans. 
     Swingline Lender    shall mean SunTrust Bank in its capacity as such, together with any successor in such capacity.  
     Swingline Loan    shall mean a loan made to the Borrower by the Swingline Lender under the Swingline Commitment. 
     Tangible Net Worth    shall mean Total Asset Value   minus   Total Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor. 
     Taxes    shall mean any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees, or charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
     Tenant    shall mean any Person who is a lessee (or if a Loan Party holds a leasehold interest, a sublessee) with respect to any lease held by a Loan Party as lessor (or sublessor, as applicable) or as an assignee of the lessor (or sublessor, as applicable) thereunder. 
     Threshold Amount    shall mean $2,000,000. 
     Total Asset Value    shall mean, at any time of determination, the sum of all the following of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, without duplication: (i) the undepreciated book value (after taking into account any impairments) of each Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP,   plus   (ii) the GAAP book value of the REIT Guarantor s, the Borrower s and their respective Subsidiaries  Investments permitted  
  
   23 
  Execution Version 

pursuant to   Section 7.4  ,   plus   (iii) Unrestricted Cash,   plus   (iv) the REIT Guarantor s Ownership Share of the foregoing items and components attributable     to its interest in Unconsolidated Affiliates. 
     Total Indebtedness    shall mean, as to any Person as of a given date and without duplication (i) all Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis and (ii) such Person s Ownership Share of the Indebtedness of any Unconsolidated Affiliate of such Person. 
     Trading with the Enemy Act    shall mean the Trading with the Enemy Act of the United States of America (50 U.S.C. App.    1 et seq.), as amended and in effect from time to time. 
     Type   , when used in reference to a Loan or a Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Adjusted LIBOR or the Base Rate.  
     Unconsolidated Affiliate    shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person in whom such Person holds an investment, which investment is accounted for in the financial statements of such Person on an equity basis of accounting and whose financial results would not be consolidated under GAAP with the financial results of such Person on the consolidated financial statements of such Person. 
     Unencumbered Leverage Ratio    shall mean, as of any date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (i) Total Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor that is Unsecured Indebtedness to (ii) Unencumbered Pool Value. 
     Unencumbered Pool Covenants    shall mean the covenants set forth in   Section 5.16  . 
     Unencumbered Pool NOI    shall mean (i) Net Operating Income for all Unencumbered Pool Properties for the 12-month period most recently ended (excluding Net Operating Income attributable to any Unencumbered Pool Property disposed of, or any Property that ceased to be an Unencumbered Pool Property at any time, during such 12-month period)   minus   (ii) applicable Capital Reserves for each Unencumbered Pool Property for such period. 
     Unencumbered Pool Property    shall mean an Eligible Property that (i) either (a) is set forth on   Schedule 4.18   as an initial Unencumbered Pool Property as of the Closing Date or (b) is added as an Unencumbered Pool Property after the Closing Date pursuant to and in accordance with   Section 3.4   and (ii) has not been removed as an Unencumbered Pool Property pursuant to   Section 3.5  . 
     Unencumbered Pool Value    shall mean, at any time of determination, the undepreciated book value (after taking into account any impairments) of each Unencumbered Pool Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP. 
     Unfunded Pension Liability    of any Plan shall mean the amount, if any, by which the value of the accumulated plan benefits under the Plan, determined on a plan termination basis in accordance with actuarial assumptions at such time consistent with those prescribed by the PBGC for purposes of Section 4044 of ERISA, exceeds the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable to such liabilities under Title IV of ERISA (excluding any accrued but unpaid contributions). 
     Uniform Commercial Code    or    UCC    shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as amended and in effect from time to time in the State of New York.  
     Unimproved Land    shall mean land on which no development (other than improvements that are not material and are temporary in nature) has occurred. 
     United States    or    U.S.    shall mean the United States of America. 
  
   24 
  Execution Version 

Unrestricted Cash    shall mean cash and cash equivalents held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries other than Tenant deposits and other cash and cash equivalents that are subject to a Lien or a Negative Pledge or the disposition of which is restricted in any way. 
     Unsecured Debt Service    shall mean, for a given period, all Fixed Charges of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such period payable in respect of any Unsecured Indebtedness. 
     Unsecured Indebtedness    shall mean Indebtedness that is not Secured Indebtedness.  Indebtedness secured solely by a pledge of Equity Interests in a Subsidiary which is also recourse to the Borrower or a Subsidiary shall be treated as Unsecured Indebtedness for purposes of determining compliance with the Financial Covenants and Unencumbered Pool Covenants. 
     Unused Fee    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.14(b)  . 
     U.S. Person    shall mean any Person that is a  United States person  as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
     U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.20(g)(ii)(B)(iii)  . 
     Wholly Owned Subsidiary    shall mean any Subsidiary of a Person in respect of which all of the Capital Stock (other than, in the case of a corporation, directors  qualifying shares) are at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person. 
     Withdrawal Liability    shall mean liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
     Withholding Agent    shall mean the Borrower, any other Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable. 
     Write-Down and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

Section 1.2.        Classifications of Loans and Borrowings  .  For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g.  Revolving Loan  or  Swingline Loan ) or by Type (e.g.  Eurodollar Loan  or  Base Rate Loan ) or by Class and Type (e.g.  Revolving Eurodollar Loan ).  Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g.  Revolving Borrowing ) or by Type (e.g.  Eurodollar Borrowing ) or by Class and Type (e.g.  Revolving Eurodollar Borrowing ). 
   
  Section 1.3.        Accounting Terms and Determination  .  Unless otherwise defined or specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared, in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time, applied on a basis consistent with the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the REIT Guarantor delivered pursuant to   Section 5.1(a)   (or, if no such financial statements have been delivered, on a basis consistent with the consolidated financial statements of the REIT Guarantor last delivered to the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement);   provided   that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower wishes to amend any covenant in   Article VI   to eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP on the operation of such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders wish to amend   Article VI   for such purpose), then the Borrower s compliance with such covenant shall be determined on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn or such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Borrower and the Required Lenders.  Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all  
  
   25 
  Execution Version 

computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under FASB ASC Section 825-10 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party at  fair value , as defined therein.  Only the REIT Guarantor s Ownership Share of the financial attributes of a non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary shall be considered when determining compliance with any of the Financial Covenants. 
   
  Section 1.4.        Terms Generally  .  The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words  include ,  includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation .  The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall .  In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word  from  means  from and including  and the word  to  means  to but excluding .  Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as it was originally executed or as it may from time to time be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns, (iii) the words  hereof ,  herein  and  hereunder  and words of similar import shall be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision hereof, (iv) all references to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement, (v) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and (vi) the words  asset  and  property  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.  Unless otherwise indicated, all references to time are references to Eastern Standard Time or Eastern Daylight Savings Time, as the case may be.  Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all references to dollar amounts shall mean Dollars.   In determining whether any individual event, act, condition or occurrence of the foregoing types could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, notwithstanding that a particular event, act, condition or occurrence does not itself have such effect, a Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to have occurred if the cumulative effect of such event, act, condition or occurrence and all other such events, acts, conditions or occurrences of the foregoing types which have occurred could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  

ARTICLE II 
    
  AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE COMMITMENTS 

Section 2.1.        General Description of Facilities  .  Subject to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, (a) the Lenders hereby establish in favor of the Borrower a revolving credit facility pursuant to which each Lender severally agrees (to the extent of such Lender s Revolving Commitment) to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in accordance with   Section 2.2  ; (b) the Issuing Bank may issue Letters of Credit in accordance with   Section 2.22  ; (c) the Swingline Lender may make Swingline Loans in accordance with   Section 2.4  ; and (d) each Lender agrees to purchase a participation interest in the Letters of Credit and the Swingline Loans pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof;   provided   that in no event shall the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and outstanding LC Exposure exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount in effect from time to time. 
   
  Section 2.2.        Revolving Loans  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans, ratably in proportion to its Pro Rata Share of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, to the Borrower, from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time that will not result in (a) such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment or (b) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders exceeding the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount.  During the Availability Period, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower shall be entitled to borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  
   26 
  Execution Version 

Section 2.3.        Procedure for Revolving Borrowings  .  The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Revolving Borrowing, substantially in the form of   Exhibit 2.3   (a    Notice of Revolving Borrowing   ), (x) prior to 11:00 a.m. one Business Day prior to the requested date of each Base Rate Borrowing and (y) prior to 11:00 a.m. three Business Days prior to the requested date of each Eurodollar Borrowing.  Each Notice of Revolving Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Borrowing, (ii) the date of such Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the Type of Revolving Loans comprising such Borrowing and (iv) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, the duration of the initial Interest Period applicable thereto (subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest Period).  Each Revolving Borrowing shall consist entirely of Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Loans, as the Borrower may request.  The aggregate principal amount of each Eurodollar Borrowing shall not be less than $5,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000, and the aggregate principal amount of each Base Rate Borrowing shall not be less than $1,000,000 or a larger multiple of $100,000; provided that Base Rate Loans made pursuant to   Section 2.4   or   Section 2.22(d)   may be made in lesser amounts as provided therein.  At no time shall the total number of Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding at any time exceed eight. Promptly following the receipt of a Notice of Revolving Borrowing in accordance herewith, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and the amount of such Lender s Revolving Loan to be made as part of the requested Revolving Borrowing. 
   
  Section 2.4.        Swingline Commitment. 
  (a)    Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may, in its sole discretion, make Swingline Loans to the Borrower, from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the lesser of (i) the Swingline Commitment then in effect and (ii) the amount by which the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount exceeds the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders;   provided   that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan.  The Borrower shall be entitled to borrow, repay and reborrow Swingline Loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  (b)    The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Swingline Borrowing, substantially in the form of   Exhibit 2.4   (a    Notice of Swingline Borrowing   ), prior to 10:00 a.m. on the requested date of each Swingline Borrowing.  Each Notice of Swingline Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the principal amount of such Swingline Borrowing, (ii) the date of such Swingline Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) and (iii) the account of the Borrower to which the proceeds of such Swingline Borrowing should be credited.  The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of each Notice of Swingline Borrowing.  The aggregate principal amount of each Swingline Loan shall not be less than $100,000 or a larger multiple of $50,000, or such other minimum amounts agreed to by the Swingline Lender and the Borrower.  The Swingline Lender will make the proceeds of each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower in Dollars in immediately available funds at the account specified by the Borrower in the applicable Notice of Swingline Borrowing not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested date of such Swingline Borrowing. 
  (c)    The Swingline Lender, at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion, may, but in no event no less frequently than once each calendar week shall, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs the Swingline Lender to act on its behalf), give a Notice of Revolving Borrowing to the Administrative Agent requesting the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender) to make Base Rate Loans in an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of any Swingline Loan.  Each Lender will make the proceeds of its Base Rate Loan included in such Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender in accordance with   Section 2.6  , which will be used solely for the repayment of such Swingline Loan. 
  (d)    If for any reason a Base Rate Borrowing may not be (as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), or is not, made in accordance with the foregoing provisions, then each Lender (other than the Swingline Lender) shall purchase an undivided participating interest in such Swingline Loan in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share thereof on the date that such Base Rate Borrowing should have occurred.  On the date of such required purchase, each Lender shall promptly transfer, in immediately available funds, the amount of its participating interest to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender. 
  
   27 
  Execution Version 

(e)    Each Lender s obligation to make a Base Rate Loan pursuant to   subsection (c)   of this Section or to purchase participating interests pursuant to   subsection (d)   of this Section shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including, without limitation, (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Lender or any other Person may have or claim against the Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default or the termination of any Lender s Revolving Commitment, (iii) the existence (or alleged existence) of any event or condition which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing.  If such amount is not in fact made available to the Swingline Lender by any Lender, the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Lender, together with accrued interest thereon for each day from the date of demand thereof (x) at the Federal Funds Rate until the second Business Day after such demand and (y) at the Base Rate at all times thereafter.  Until such time as such Lender makes its required payment, the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to continue to have outstanding Swingline Loans in the amount of the unpaid participation for all purposes of the Loan Documents.  In addition, such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned any and all payments made of principal and interest on its Loans and any other amounts due to it hereunder to the Swingline Lender to fund the amount of such Lender s participation interest in such Swingline Loans that such Lender failed to fund pursuant to this Section, until such amount has been purchased in full. 
   
  Section 2.5.        Extension Option.     
  (a)    The Borrower shall have two options (each an    Extension Option   ) to extend the Stated Termination Date by one year per option, subject to satisfaction of the following conditions: 
  (i)    the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice of the extension request at least 30 days, but not more than 90 days, prior to the then Stated Termination Date; 
  (ii)    all of the representations and warranties in the Loan Documents shall be true and true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date of the effectiveness of such extension (or, if such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, as of such earlier date); 
  (iii)    no Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would immediately result from, such extension of the Stated Termination Date; 
  (iv)    each of the REIT Guarantor and any other Loan Parties shall have ratified their obligations under the Loan Documents to which they are parties pursuant to an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 
  (v)    the payment to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders of an extension fee of 0.25% of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount at the time of such extension; 
  (vi)    the Borrower shall have paid all of Administrative Agent s expenses incurred in respect of the extension, including reasonable attorneys  fees; and 
  (vii)    the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that each of the conditions set forth in the preceding clauses (i) through (vi) has been satisfied and that the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower are in compliance with all the Financial Covenants both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such extension. 
  (b)    On the date of the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in   Section 2.5(a)   (so long as such date is prior to the Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date), the Stated Termination Date shall be extended by one calendar year. 
  
   28 
  Execution Version 

Section 2.6.        Funding of Borrowings. 
  (a)    Each Lender will make available each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer in immediately available funds by 11:00 a.m. to the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office;   provided   that the Swingline Loans will be made as set forth in   Section 2.4  .  The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts that it receives, in like funds by the close of business on such proposed date, to an account maintained by the Borrower with the Administrative Agent or, at the Borrower s option, by effecting a wire transfer of such amounts to an account designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in writing. 
  (b)    Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to 5:00 p.m. one Business Day prior to the date of a Borrowing in which such Lender is to participate that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date, and the Administrative Agent, in reliance on such assumption, may make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount.  If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender on the date of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Lender together with interest (i) at the Federal Funds Rate until the second Business Day after such demand and (ii) at the Base Rate at all times thereafter.  If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agent s demand therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower, and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent together with interest at the rate specified for such Borrowing.  Nothing in this subsection shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fund its Pro Rata Share of any Borrowing hereunder or to prejudice any rights which the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 
  (c)    All Revolving Borrowings shall be made by the Lenders on the basis of their respective Pro Rata Shares.  No Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in its obligations hereunder, and each Lender shall be obligated to make its Loans provided to be made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Lender to make its Loans hereunder. 
   
  Section 2.7.        Interest Elections. 
  (a)    Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing.  Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing into a different Type or to continue such Borrowing, all as provided in this Section.  The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 
  (b)    To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Borrowing that is to be converted or continued, as the case may be, substantially in the form of   Exhibit 2.7   (a    Notice of Conversion/Continuation   ) (x) prior to 11:00 a.m. one Business Day prior to the requested date of a conversion into a Base Rate Borrowing and (y) prior to 11:00 a.m. three Business Days prior to a continuation of or conversion into a Eurodollar Borrowing.  Each such Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the Borrowing to which such Notice of Conversion/Continuation applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof that are to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to   clauses (iii)   and (  iv  ) shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing), (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Notice of Conversion/Continuation, which shall be a Business Day, (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing, and (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is to be a Eurodollar Borrowing, the Interest Period applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of  Interest Period .  If any such Notice of Conversion/Continuation requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month.  The principal amount of any resulting Borrowing shall satisfy the minimum borrowing amount for Eurodollar Borrowings and Base Rate Borrowings set forth in   Section 2.3  . 
  
   29 
  Execution Version 

(c)    If, on the expiration of any Interest Period in respect of any Eurodollar Borrowing, the Borrower shall have failed to deliver a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Borrowing to a Base Rate Borrowing.  No Borrowing may be converted into, or continued as, a Eurodollar Borrowing if a Default or an Event of Default exists, unless the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall have otherwise consented in writing.  No conversion of any Eurodollar Loan shall be permitted except on the last day of the Interest Period in respect thereof.   
  (d)    Upon receipt of any Notice of Conversion/Continuation, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
   
  Section 2.8.        Optional Reduction and Termination of Commitments. 
  (a)    Unless previously terminated, all Revolving Commitments, the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment shall terminate on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. 
  (b)    Upon at least three Business Days  prior written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Borrower may reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in part or terminate the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in whole;   provided   that (i) any partial reduction shall apply to reduce proportionately and permanently the Revolving Commitment of each Lender, (ii) any partial reduction pursuant to this Section shall be in an amount of at least $5,000,000 and any larger multiple of $1,000,000, and (iii) no such reduction shall be permitted which would reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount to an amount less than the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders.  Any such reduction in the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount below the principal amount of the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment shall result in a dollar-for-dollar reduction in the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment. 
  (c)    With the written approval of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may terminate (on a non-ratable basis) the unused amount of the Revolving Commitment of a Defaulting Lender, and in such event the provisions of   Section 2.26   will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Borrower for the account of any such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts);   provided   that such termination will not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim that the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. 
   
  Section 2.9.        Repayment of Loans.    The outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans shall be due and payable (together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date.  
   
  Section 2.10.        Evidence of Indebtedness. 
  (a)    Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice appropriate records evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable thereon and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement.  The Administrative Agent shall maintain appropriate records in which shall be recorded (i) the Revolving Commitment of each Lender, (ii) the amount of each Loan made hereunder by each Lender, the Class and Type thereof and, in the case of each Eurodollar Loan, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the date of any continuation of any Loan pursuant to   Section 2.7  , (iv) the date of any conversion of all or a portion of any Loan to another Type pursuant to   Section 2.7  , (v) the date and amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder in respect of the Loans and (vi) both the date and amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower in respect of the Loans and each Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof.  The entries made in such records shall be   prima facie   evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Borrower therein recorded; provided that the failure or delay of any Lender or the Administrative Agent in maintaining or making entries into any such record or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans (both principal and unpaid accrued interest) of such Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
  
   30 
  Execution Version 

(b)    This Agreement evidences the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans and is being executed as a  noteless  credit agreement.  However, at the request of any Lender (including the Swingline Lender) at any time, the Borrower agrees that it will prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment permitted hereunder) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 
   
  Section 2.11.        Optional Prepayments.   The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, by giving written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative Agent no later than (a) in the case of any prepayment of any Eurodollar Borrowing, 11:00 a.m. not less than three Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment, (b) in the case of any prepayment of any Base Rate Borrowing, not less than one Business Day prior to the date of such prepayment, and (c) in the case of any prepayment of any Swingline Borrowing, prior to 11:00 a.m. on the date of such prepayment.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the proposed date of such prepayment and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid.  Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each affected Lender of the contents thereof and of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of any such prepayment.  If such notice is given, the aggregate amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date designated in such notice, together with accrued interest to such date on the amount so prepaid in accordance with   Section 2.13(d)  ;   provided   that if a Eurodollar Borrowing is prepaid on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay all amounts required pursuant to   Section 2.19  .  Each partial prepayment of any Loan shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type pursuant to   Section 2.2   or, in the case of a Swingline Loan, pursuant to   Section 2.4  .  Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans comprising such Borrowing.  
   
  Section 2.12.        Mandatory Prepayments.   If at any time the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount, then the Borrower shall, within five Business Days of demand by the Administrative Agent, repay the Swingline Loans and the Revolving Loans in an amount equal to such excess, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on such excess amount and any amounts due under Section 2.19.  Each prepayment shall be applied as follows:   first  , to the Swingline Loans to the full extent thereof;   second  , to the Base Rate Loans to the full extent thereof; and   third  , to the Eurodollar Loans to the full extent thereof.  If, after giving effect to prepayment of all Swingline Loans and Revolving Loans, the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize its reimbursement obligations with respect to all Letters of Credit in an amount equal to such excess plus any accrued and unpaid fees thereon. 
   
  Section 2.13.        Interest on Loans. 
  (a)    The Borrower shall pay interest on (i) each Base Rate Loan at the Base Rate   plus   the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time and (ii) each Eurodollar Loan at Adjusted LIBOR for the applicable Interest Period in effect for such Loan   plus   the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. 
  (b)    The Borrower shall pay interest on each Swingline Loan at the Base Rate   plus   the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. 
  (c)    Notwithstanding   subsections (a)   and   (b)   of this Section, at the option of the Required Lenders if an Event of Default (other than set forth in subclause (ii) below) exists, and automatically (i) after acceleration of any of the Obligations, (ii) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under   Sections 8.1(g  ),   (h)   or   (i)   with respect to any Loan Party or (iii) with respect to any past due amount hereunder, the Borrower shall pay interest (   Default Interest   ) with respect to all Eurodollar Loans at the rate   per annum   equal to 2.0% above the otherwise applicable interest rate for such Eurodollar Loans for the then-current Interest Period until the last day of such Interest Period, and thereafter, and with respect to all Base Rate Loans and all other Obligations hereunder (other than Loans), at the rate   per annum   equal to 2.0% above the otherwise applicable interest rate for Base Rate Loans.   
  
   31 
  Execution Version 

(d)    Interest on the principal amount of all Loans shall accrue from and including the date such Loans are made to but excluding the date of any repayment thereof.  Interest on all outstanding Base Rate Loans and Swingline Loans shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September and December and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date.  Interest on all outstanding Eurodollar Loans shall be payable on the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto, and, in the case of any Eurodollar Loans having an Interest Period in excess of three months, on each day which occurs every three months after the initial date of such Interest Period, and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date.  Interest on any Loan which is converted into a Loan of another Type or which is repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such conversion or on the date of any such repayment or prepayment (on the amount repaid or prepaid) thereof.  All Default Interest shall be payable on demand. 
  (e)    The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest rate applicable to the Loans hereunder and shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of such rate in writing (or by telephone, promptly confirmed in writing).  Any such determination shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
   
  Section 2.14.        Fees. 
  (a)    The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account fees in the amounts and at the times previously agreed upon in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
  (b)    The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender an unused fee (the    Unused Fee   ), which shall accrue from the Closing Date through and including the Revolving Commitment Termination Date at a   per annum   rate equal to (i) 0.35% of the daily amount of the unused Revolving Commitment of such Lender at any time that the Revolving Credit Exposure is less than or equal to 33.3% of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount or (ii) 0.25% of the daily amount of the unused Revolving Commitment of such Lender at any time that the Revolving Credit Exposure is greater than 33.3% of the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount.  For purposes of computing the Unused Fee, the Revolving Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure, but not Swingline Exposure, of such Lender. 
  (c)    The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a letter of credit fee with respect to its participation in each Letter of Credit, which shall accrue at a rate   per annum   equal to the Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Loans then in effect on the average daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure attributable to such Letter of Credit during the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to but excluding the date on which such Letter of Credit expires or is drawn in full (including, without limitation, any LC Exposure that remains outstanding after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date) and (ii) to the Issuing Bank for its own account a facing fee, which shall accrue at the rate set forth in the Existing Fee Letter on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) from the Closing Date through and including the Revolving Commitment Termination Date (or until the date that such Letter of Credit is irrevocably cancelled, whichever is later), as well as the Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Borrower is obligated to pay Default Interest pursuant to   Section 2.13(c)  , then the fees payable pursuant to this subsection (c) shall automatically be increased by 2.0% per annum. 
  (d)    The Borrower shall pay on the Closing Date to the Administrative Agent and its affiliates all fees in the New Fee Letter that are due and payable on the Closing Date.  The Borrower shall pay on the Closing Date to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the applicable Lenders, all upfront fees and amendment fees as set forth in the New Fee Letter.     
  (e)    Accrued fees under   subsections (b)   and   (c)   of this Section shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September and December, commencing on the first full Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date, and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date (and, if later, the date the Loans and LC Exposure shall be repaid in their entirety);   provided   that any such fees accruing after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date shall be payable on demand. 
  
   32 
  Execution Version 

Section 2.15.        Computation of Interest and Fees  .  Interest hereunder based on the Base Rate or other prime lending rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).  All other interest and all fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).  Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be made in good faith and, except for manifest error, shall be final, conclusive and binding for all purposes. 
   
  Section 2.16.        Inability to Determine Interest Rates.    If, prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Borrowing: 
  (i)    the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower) that, by reason of circumstances affecting the relevant interbank market, adequate means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted LIBOR for such Interest Period, or 
  (ii)    the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Required Lenders that Adjusted LIBOR does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their Eurodollar Loans for such Interest Period, then the Administrative Agent shall give written notice (or telephonic notice, promptly confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and to the Lenders as soon as practicable thereafter.  Until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) the obligations of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Revolving Loans or to continue or convert outstanding Loans as or into Eurodollar Loans shall be suspended and (ii) all such affected Loans shall be converted into Base Rate Loans on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto unless the Borrower prepays such Loans in accordance with this Agreement.  Unless the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent at least one Business Day before the date of any Eurodollar Borrowing for which a Notice of Revolving Borrowing or a Notice of Conversion/ Continuation has previously been given that it elects not to borrow, continue or convert to a Eurodollar Borrowing on such date, then such Revolving Borrowing shall be made as, continued as or converted into a Base Rate Borrowing.  
   
  Section 2.17.        Illegality.    If any Change in Law shall make it unlawful or impossible for any Lender to make, maintain or fund any Eurodollar Loan and such Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower and the other Lenders, whereupon until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, the obligation of such Lender to make Eurodollar Revolving Loans, or to continue or convert outstanding Loans as or into Eurodollar Loans, shall be suspended.  In the case of the making of a Eurodollar Borrowing, such Lender s Revolving Loan shall be made as a Base Rate Loan as part of the same Revolving Borrowing for the same Interest Period and, if the affected Eurodollar Loan is then outstanding, such Loan shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan either (i) on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Eurodollar Loan if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (ii) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Loan to such date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the affected Lender shall, prior to giving such notice to the Administrative Agent, designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation would avoid the need for giving such notice and if such designation would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in the good faith exercise of its discretion. 
   
  Section 2.18.        Increased Costs. 
  (a)    If any Change in Law shall: 
  (i)    impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement that is not otherwise included in the determination of Adjusted LIBOR hereunder against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in Adjusted LIBOR) or the Issuing Bank;  
  (ii)    subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and (c) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans,  
  
   33 
  Execution Version 

loan principal, letters of credit, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
  (iii)    impose on any Lender, the Issuing Bank or the eurodollar interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or any Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or any participation therein; and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining a Eurodollar Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender or the Issuing Bank of participating in or issuing any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount received or receivable by such Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then, from time to time, such Lender or the Issuing Bank may provide the Borrower (with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent) with written notice and demand with respect to such increased costs or reduced amounts, and within five Business Days after receipt of the certificate required under subsection (c) below, the Borrower shall pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank for any such increased costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
  (b)    If any Lender or the Issuing Bank shall have determined that on or after the date of this Agreement any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s capital or assets (or on the capital or assets of the Parent Company of such Lender or the Issuing Bank) as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or under or in respect of any Letter of Credit to a level below that which such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such Parent Company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s policies or the policies of such Parent Company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then, from time to time, such Lender or the Issuing Bank may provide the Borrower (with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent) with written notice and demand with respect to such reduced amounts, and within five Business Days after receipt of the certificate required under subsection (c) below, the Borrower shall pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such Parent Company for any such reduction suffered. 
  (c)    A certificate of such Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or the Parent Company of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, specified in   subsection (a)   or   (b)   of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
  (d)    Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation. 
   
  Section 2.19.        Funding Indemnity.    In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of a Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion or continuation of a Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (c) the failure by the Borrower to borrow, prepay, convert or continue any Eurodollar Loan on the date specified in any applicable notice (regardless of whether such notice is withdrawn or revoked), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender, within five Business Days after written demand from such Lender, for any loss, cost or expense attributable to such event.  In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such Eurodollar Loan if such event had not occurred at Adjusted LIBOR applicable to such Eurodollar Loan for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Eurodollar Loan) over (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on the principal amount of such Eurodollar Loan for the same period if Adjusted LIBOR were set on the date such Eurodollar Loan was prepaid or converted or the date on which the Borrower failed to borrow, convert or continue such Eurodollar Loan.  A certificate as to any additional amount payable under this Section submitted to the Borrower by any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
  
   34 
  Execution Version 

Section 2.20.        Taxes.     
  (a)      Defined Terms  .  For purposes of this   Section 2.20  , the term  Lender  includes Issuing Bank and the term  applicable law  includes FATCA. 
  (b)      Payments Free of Taxes  .  Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law.  If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
  (c)      Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower  .  The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
  (d)      Indemnification by the Borrower  .  The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
  (e)      Indemnification by the Lenders  .  Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of   Section 10.4(d)   relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this   paragraph (e)  . 
  (f)      Evidence of Payments  .  As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or any other Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.20, the Borrower or other Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
  (g)      Status of Lenders  . 
  
   35 
  Execution Version 

(i)    Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in   Sections 2.20(g)(ii)(A)  ,   2.20(g)(ii)(B)   and   2.20(g)(ii)(D)  ) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
  (ii)    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,  
  (A)    Any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
  (B)    any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
  i.    in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty; 
  ii.    executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
  iii.    in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit 2.20A   to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a  10 percent shareholder  of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a  controlled foreign corporation  described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a    U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate   ) and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN; or 
  
   36 
  Execution Version 

iv.    to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit 2.20B   or   Exhibit 2.20C  , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit 2.20D   on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
  (C)    any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
  (D)    if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (D),  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
  Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
  (h)      Treatment of Certain Refunds  .  If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this   Section 2.20   (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this   Section 2.20  ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).  Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (  plus   any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.  This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
  
   37 
  Execution Version 

(i)      Survival  .  Each party s obligations under this   Section 2.20   shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
   
  Section 2.21.        Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs. 
  (a)    The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under   Section 2.18  ,   2.19   or   2.20  , or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon on the date when due, in immediately available funds, free and clear of any defenses, rights of set-off, counterclaim, or withholding or deduction of Taxes (except as otherwise provided in   Section 2.20  ).  Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon.  All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to   Sections 2.18  ,   2.19  ,   2.20   and   10.3   shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto.  The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof.  If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be made payable for the period of such extension.  All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars. 
  (b)    If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied as follows:   first  , to all fees and reimbursable expenses of the Administrative Agent then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents;   second  , to all reimbursable expenses of the Lenders and all fees and reimbursable expenses of the Issuing Bank then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents,   pro rata   to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank based on their respective   pro rata   shares of such fees and expenses;   third  , to all interest and fees then due and payable hereunder,   pro rata   to the Lenders based on their respective   pro rata   shares of such interest and fees; and   fourth  , to all principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due and payable hereunder,   pro rata   to the parties entitled thereto based on their respective   pro rata   shares of such principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements. 
  (c)    If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans that would result in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Credit Exposure and accrued interest and fees thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with respect to its Revolving Credit Exposure, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Credit Exposure of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Credit Exposure;   provided   that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this subsection shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Revolving Credit Exposure to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this subsection shall apply).  The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
  (d)    Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or  
  
   38 
  Execution Version 

the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount or amounts due.  In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
   
  Section 2.22.        Letters of Credit. 
  (a)    During the Availability Period, the Issuing Bank, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders pursuant to   subsections (d)   and   (e)   of this Section, may, in its sole discretion, issue, at the request of the Borrower, Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;   provided   that (i) each Letter of Credit shall expire on the earlier of (A) the date one year after the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (B) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Stated Termination Date; (ii) each Letter of Credit shall be in a stated amount of at least $100,000 (or such lesser amount as may be acceptable to the Issuing Bank, in its sole discretion); and (iii) the Borrower may not request any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, (A) the aggregate LC Exposure would exceed the LC Commitment or (B) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount.  Each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Issuing Bank without recourse a participation in each Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on the date of issuance.  Each issuance of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to utilize the Revolving Commitment of each Lender by an amount equal to the amount of such participation.  
  (b)    To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or any amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall give the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent irrevocable written notice at least three Business Days prior to the requested date of such issuance specifying the date (which shall be a Business Day) such Letter of Credit is to be issued (or amended, renewed or extended, as the case may be), the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit.  In addition to the satisfaction of the conditions in   Article III  , the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or any amendment which increases the amount of such Letter of Credit) will be subject to the further conditions that such Letter of Credit shall be in such form and contain such terms as the Issuing Bank shall approve and that the Borrower shall have executed and delivered any additional applications, agreements and instruments relating to such Letter of Credit as the Issuing Bank shall reasonably require; provided that in the event of any conflict between such applications, agreements or instruments and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 
  (c)    At least two Business Days prior to the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received such notice, and, if not, the Issuing Bank will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof.  Unless the Issuing Bank has received notice from the Administrative Agent, on or before the Business Day immediately preceding the date the Issuing Bank is to issue the requested Letter of Credit, directing the Issuing Bank not to issue the Letter of Credit because such issuance is not then permitted hereunder because of the limitations set forth in   subsection (a)   of this Section or that one or more conditions specified in Article III are not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Issuing Bank shall, on the requested date, issue such Letter of Credit in accordance with the Issuing Bank s usual and customary business practices. 
  (d)    The Issuing Bank shall examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit promptly following its receipt thereof.  The Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make a LC Disbursement thereunder;   provided   that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to such LC Disbursement.  The Borrower shall be irrevocably and unconditionally obligated to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursements paid by the Issuing Bank in respect of such drawing, without presentment, demand or other formalities of any kind.  Unless  
  
   39 
  Execution Version 

the Borrower shall have notified the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent prior to 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day immediately prior to the date on which such drawing is honored that the Borrower intends to reimburse the Issuing Bank for the amount of such drawing in funds other than from the proceeds of Revolving Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have timely given a Notice of Revolving Borrowing to the Administrative Agent requesting the Lenders to make a Base Rate Borrowing on the date on which such drawing is honored in an exact amount due to the Issuing Bank;   provided   that for purposes solely of such Borrowing, the conditions precedent set forth in   Section 3.2   hereof shall not be applicable.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of such Borrowing in accordance with   Section 2.3  , and each Lender shall make the proceeds of its Base Rate Loan included in such Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank in accordance with   Section 2.6  .  The proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied directly by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement. 
  (e)    If for any reason a Base Rate Borrowing may not be (as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), or is not, made in accordance with the foregoing provisions, then each Lender (other than the Issuing Bank) shall be obligated to fund the participation that such Lender purchased pursuant to   subsection (a)   of this Section in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such LC Disbursement on and as of the date which such Base Rate Borrowing should have occurred.  Each Lender s obligation to fund its participation shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including, without limitation, (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Lender or any other Person may have against the Issuing Bank or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default or the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the REIT Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any breach of this Agreement by the Borrower, the REIT Guarantor or any Lender, (v) any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or (vi) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing.  On the date that such participation is required to be funded, each Lender shall promptly transfer, in immediately available funds, the amount of its participation to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank.  Whenever, at any time after the Issuing Bank has received from any such Lender the funds for its participation in a LC Disbursement, the Issuing Bank (or the Administrative Agent on its behalf) receives any payment on account thereof, the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share of such payment;   provided   that if such payment is required to be returned for any reason to the Borrower or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or similar official in any bankruptcy proceeding, such Lender will return to the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank any portion thereof previously distributed by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank to it. 
  (f)    To the extent that any Lender shall fail to pay any amount required to be paid pursuant to   subsection (d)   or   (e)   of this Section on the due date therefor, such Lender shall pay interest to the Issuing Bank (through the Administrative Agent) on such amount from such due date to the date such payment is made at a rate   per annum   equal to the Federal Funds Rate;   provided   that if such Lender shall fail to make such payment to the Issuing Bank within three Business Days of such due date, then, retroactively to the due date, such Lender shall be obligated to pay interest on such amount at the rate set forth in   Section 2.13(c)  . 
  (g)    If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding that its reimbursement obligations with respect to the Letters of Credit be Cash Collateralized pursuant to this subsection, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105% of the aggregate LC Exposure of all Lenders as of such date   plus   any accrued and unpaid fees thereon;   provided   that such obligation to Cash Collateralize the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower with respect to the Letters of Credit shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in   Section 8.1(g)  ,   (h)   or   (i)  .  Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.  The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account.  The Borrower agrees to execute any documents and/or certificates to effectuate the intent of this subsection.  Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest.  Interest and profits,  
  
   40 
  Execution Version 

if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account.  Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it had not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, with the consent of the Required Lenders, be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  If the Borrower is required to Cash Collateralize its reimbursement obligations with respect to the Letters of Credit as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such Cash Collateral so posted (to the extent not so applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
  (h)    Upon the request of any Lender, but no more frequently than quarterly, the Issuing Bank shall deliver (through the Administrative Agent) to each Lender and the Borrower a report describing the aggregate Letters of Credit then outstanding.  Upon the request of any Lender from time to time, the Issuing Bank shall deliver to such Lender any other information reasonably requested by such Lender with respect to each Letter of Credit then outstanding. 
  (i)    The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements hereunder shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of any of the following circumstances: 
  (i)    any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement; 
  (ii)    the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right which the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower may have at any time against a beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Persons or entities for whom any such beneficiary or transferee may be acting), any Lender (including the Issuing Bank) or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement or the Letter of Credit or any document related hereto or thereto or any unrelated transaction;  
  (iii)    any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; 
  (iv)    payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document to the Issuing Bank that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; 
  (v)    any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of set-off against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder; or 
  (vi)    the existence of a Default or an Event of Default. 
  Neither the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender nor any Related Party of any of the foregoing shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to above), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any actual direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect (including claims for lost profits or other consequential damages), or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Bank s failure to exercise due care when determining whether drafts or other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof.  The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised due care in each such determination.  In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make  
  
   41 
  Execution Version 

payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
  (j)    Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued and subject to applicable laws, (i) each standby Letter of Credit shall be governed by the  International Standby Practices 1998  (ISP98) (or such later revision as may be published by the Institute of International Banking Law   Practice on any date any Letter of Credit may be issued), (ii) each documentary Letter of Credit shall be governed by the Uniform Customs and Practices for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later revision as may be published by the International Chamber of Commerce on any date any Letter of Credit may be issued) and (iii) the Borrower shall specify the foregoing in each letter of credit application submitted for the issuance of a Letter of Credit. 
   
  Section 2.23.        Increase of Commitments; Additional Lenders. 
  (a)    From time to time after the Closing Date and in accordance with this Section, the Borrower and one or more Increasing Lenders or Additional Lenders (each as defined below) may enter into an agreement to increase the aggregate Revolving Commitments hereunder (each such increase, an    Incremental Commitment   ) so long as the following conditions are satisfied: 
  (i)    the aggregate principal amount of all the Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall not exceed $275,000,000 (the    Maximum Commitment Amount   ) after any incremental increase hereunder;  
  (ii)    the Borrower shall execute and deliver such documents and instruments and take such other actions as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent in connection with and at the time of any such proposed increase; 
  (iii)    at the time of and immediately after giving effect to any such proposed increase, no Default or Event of Default shall exist, all representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifier, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects), and, since the Closing Date, there shall have been no change which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
  (iv)    any Incremental Commitments provided pursuant to this Section shall have a termination date no earlier than the Revolving Commitment Termination Date;  
  (v)    the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be in pro forma compliance with each of the Financial Covenants as of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered, calculated as if all such Incremental Commitments had been established (and fully funded) as of the first day of the relevant period for testing compliance; and  
  (vi)    all other terms and conditions with respect to any such Incremental Commitments shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.   
  (b)    The Borrower shall provide at least 30 days  written notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly provide a copy of such notice to each Lender) of any proposal to establish an Incremental Commitment.  Each Lender that agrees to increase the principal amount of its Revolving Commitment (an    Increasing Lender   ) shall as soon as practicable, and in any case within 15 days following receipt of such notice, specify in a written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent the amount of such proposed Incremental Commitment that it is willing to provide.  No Lender (or any successor thereto) shall have any obligation, express or implied, to offer to increase the aggregate principal amount of its Revolving Commitment, and any decision by a Lender to increase its Revolving Commitment shall be made in its sole discretion independently from any other Lender.  Only the consent of each Increasing Lender shall be required for an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Commitments  
  
   42 
  Execution Version 

pursuant to this Section.  No Lender which declines to increase the principal amount of its Revolving Commitment may be replaced with respect to its existing Revolving Commitment as a result thereof without such Lender s consent.  If any Lender shall fail to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing about whether it will increase its Revolving Commitment within 15 days after receipt of such notice, such Lender shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Revolving Commitment.  The Borrower may accept some or all of the offered amounts or designate new lenders that are acceptable to the Administrative Agent as additional Lenders hereunder in accordance with this Section (the    Additional Lenders   ), which Additional Lenders may assume all or a portion of such Incremental Commitment.  The Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have discretion jointly to adjust the allocation of such Incremental Commitments among the Increasing Lenders and the Additional Lenders.  The sum of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments of the existing Lenders   plus   the increase in the Revolving Commitments of the Increasing Lenders   plus   the Revolving Commitments of the Additional Lenders shall not in the aggregate exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount. 
  (c)    Subject to   subsections (a)   and   (b)   of this Section, any increase requested by the Borrower shall be effective upon delivery to the Administrative Agent of each of the following documents:   
  (i)    an originally executed copy of an instrument of joinder, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, executed by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, by each Additional Lender and by each Increasing Lender, setting forth the new Revolving Commitments of such Lenders and setting forth the agreement of each Additional Lender to become a party to this Agreement and to be bound by all of the terms and provisions hereof; 
  (ii)    such evidence of appropriate corporate authorization on the part of the Borrower with respect to such Incremental Commitment and such opinions of counsel for the Borrower with respect to such Incremental Commitment as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; 
  (iii)    a certificate of the Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, certifying that each of the conditions in clauses (i), (iii) and (v) of subsection (a) of this Section has been satisfied; 
  (iv)    to the extent requested by any Additional Lender or any Increasing Lender, executed promissory notes evidencing such Incremental Commitments issued by the Borrower in accordance with   Section 2.10(b)  ; and  
  (v)    any other certificates or documents that the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
  (d)    Upon the effectiveness of any such Incremental Commitment, the Commitments and Pro Rata Share of each Lender will be adjusted to give effect to the Incremental Commitments and   Schedule I   shall automatically be deemed amended accordingly. 
  (e)    If any Incremental Commitments are to have terms that are different from the Revolving Commitments, as applicable, outstanding immediately prior to such incurrence (any such Incremental Commitments, the    Non-Conforming Credit Extensions   ), all such terms shall be as set forth in a separate assumption agreement among the Borrower, the Lenders providing such Incremental Commitments and the Administrative Agent, the execution and delivery of which agreement shall be a condition to the effectiveness of the Non-Conforming Credit Extensions.  If the Borrower incurs Incremental Commitments under this Section, regardless of whether such Incremental Commitments are Non-Conforming Credit Extensions, the Borrower shall, after such time, repay and incur Revolving Loans ratably as between the Incremental Commitments and the Revolving Commitments outstanding immediately prior to such incurrence.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in   Section 10.2  , the Administrative Agent is expressly permitted to amend the Loan Documents to the extent necessary to give effect to any increase pursuant to this Section and mechanical changes necessary or advisable in connection therewith (including amendments to implement the requirements in the preceding two sentences, amendments to ensure   pro rata   allocations of Eurodollar Loans and Base Rate Loans between Loans incurred pursuant to this Section and Loans outstanding immediately prior to any such  
  
   43 
  Execution Version 

incurrence and amendments to implement ratable participation in Letters of Credit between the Non-Conforming Credit Extensions consisting of Incremental Commitments and the Revolving Commitments outstanding immediately prior to any such incurrence). 
   
  Section 2.24.        Mitigation of Obligations.    If any Lender requests compensation under   Section 2.18  , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to   Section 2.20  , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the sole judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable under   Section 2.18   or   Section 2.20  , as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender.  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with such designation or assignment. 
   
  Section 2.25.        Replacement of Lenders.    If (a) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.18, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to   Section 2.20  , or (b) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions set forth in   Section 10.4(b)  ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to   Section 2.18   or   Section 2.20  , as applicable) and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender);   provided   that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of all Loans owed to it, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder from the assignee (in the case of such outstanding principal and accrued interest) and from the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), and (iii) in the case of a claim for compensation under   Section 2.18   or payments required to be made pursuant to   Section 2.20  , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments.  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
   
  Section 2.26.        Defaulting Lenders. 
  (a)      Cash Collateral  . 
  (i)    At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the Issuing Bank s LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to   Section 2.26(b)(iv)   and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than 105% of the Issuing Bank s LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender.  
  (ii)    The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lenders  obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit, to be applied pursuant to clause (iii) below.  If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the minimum amount required pursuant to clause (i) above, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 
  
   44 
  Execution Version 

(iii)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this   Section 2.26(a)   or   Section 2.26(b)   in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit or LC Disbursements (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
  (iv)    Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce any Issuing Bank s LC Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this   Section 2.26(a)   following (A) the elimination of the applicable LC Exposure (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender), or (B) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided that, subject to   Sections 2.26(b)   through   2.26(d)   the Person providing Cash Collateral and each Issuing Bank may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated LC Exposure or other obligations and provided further that to the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to the security interest granted pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
  Defaulting Lender Adjustments  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 
  (i)    Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and in   Section 10.2  . 
  (ii)    Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to   Article VIII   or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to   Section 10.7   shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:   first  , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder;   second  , to the payment on a   pro rata   basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder;   third  , to Cash Collateralize the Issuing Bank s LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with   Section 2.26(a)  ;   fourth  , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent;   fifth  , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released   pro rata   in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks  future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with   Section 2.26(a)  ;   sixth  , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement;   seventh  , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and   eighth  , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in   Section 3.2   were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a   pro rata   basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in respect of Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders   pro rata   in accordance with the Revolving Commitments without giving effect to  
  
   45 
  Execution Version 

clause (iv)   below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this   Section 2.26(b)(ii)   shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
  (iii)    (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Unused Fee pursuant to   Section 2.14(b)   for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
  (B)    Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive letter of credit fees pursuant to   Section 2.14(c)   for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to that portion of its LC Exposure for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to   Section 2.26(a)  . 
  (C)    With respect to any Unused Fee or letter of credit fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to   clause (A)   or   (B)   above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to   clause (iv)   below, (y) pay to each Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to the Issuing Bank s LC Exposure or Swingline Lender s Swingline Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
  (iv)    All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares of the Revolving Commitments (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment.  No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
  (v)    If the reallocation described in   clause (iv)   above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (x) first, prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lender s Swingline Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks  LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the procedures set forth in   Section 2.26(a)  . 
  Defaulting Lender Cure  .  If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held   pro rata   by the Lenders in accordance with the applicable Commitments  (without giving effect to   Section 2.26(b)(iv))  , whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
  
   46 
  Execution Version 

New Swingline Loans/Letters of Credit  .  So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Swingline Exposure after giving effect to such Swingline Loan and (ii) the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no LC Exposure after giving effect thereto. 

ARTICLE III 
    
  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT  
    
  AND ADDITION AND REMOVAL OF UNENCUMBERED POOL PROPERTIES 

Section 3.1.        Conditions to Effectiveness.    The amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement by this Agreement, the obligations of the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender) to make Loans and the obligation of the Issuing Bank to issue any Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with   Section 10.2  ): 
  (a)    The Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Closing Date, including, without limitation, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Sole Lead Arranger and their Affiliates (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder, under any other Loan Document and under any agreement with the Administrative Agent or the Sole Lead Arranger. 
  (b)    The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received the following, each to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 
  (i)    a counterpart of this Agreement signed by or on behalf of each party hereto or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement; 
  (ii)    any promissory notes requested by the Lenders pursuant to   Section 2.10(b)  ; 
  (iii)    a Reaffirmation of Guaranty and Security Agreement substantially in the form of   Exhibit 3.1(b)(iii)  , duly executed by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties (the    Reaffirmation of Guaranty and Security Agreement     
  (iv)    a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Loan Party substantially in the form of   Exhibit 3.1(b)(iv)  , (A) attaching and certifying copies of (1) its bylaws, partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement or comparable organizational document, and (2) the resolutions of its board of directors or other equivalent governing body, or comparable organizational documents and authorizations, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (B) certifying the name, title and true signature of each officer of such Loan Party executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party;  
  (v)    certified copies of the articles or certificate of incorporation, certificate of organization or limited partnership, or other registered organizational documents of each Loan Party, together with certificates of good standing or existence, as may be available from the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and each other jurisdiction where such Loan Party is required to be qualified to do business as a foreign corporation; 
  (vi)    a favorable written opinion of Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell   Berkowitz, PC, counsel to the Loan Parties (including Maryland counsel to the REIT Guarantor), addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders, and covering such matters relating to the  
  
   47 
  Execution Version 

Loan Parties, the Loan Documents, the Collateral and the transactions contemplated therein as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall reasonably request; 
  (vii)    a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit 3.1(b)(vii)  , dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer and the chief financial officer of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower, certifying that, after giving effect to the funding of any initial Revolving Borrowing, the issuance of any initial Letters of Credit, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated to occur on the Closing Date (including the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents), (A) no Default or Event of Default exists, (B) all representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifier, in all respects) and (C) each Loan Party is Solvent; 
  (viii)    a duly executed Notice of Borrowing for any initial Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Borrowing; 
  (ix)    a duly executed funds disbursement agreement, together with a report setting forth the sources and uses of the proceeds of any such initial Borrowing; 
  (x)    a duly completed and executed Compliance Certificate, including calculations of the Financial Covenants hereof as of June 30, 2016, calculated on a pro forma basis as if any initial Revolving Borrowing had been funded as of the first day of the relevant period for testing compliance (and setting forth in reasonable detail such calculations); 
  (xi)    all documents, reports, certificates and other information requested by Administrative Agent in connection with the initial Unencumbered Pool Properties set forth on   Schedule 4.18   and the determination to include such Properties in the initial Unencumbered Pool Value hereunder (which shall include, at a minimum, each item required pursuant to   Section 3.4   hereof not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent); 
  (xii)    copies of all consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations and filings and orders required or advisable to be made or obtained under any Requirement of Law, or by any Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party, by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries in connection with the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, and such consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations, filings and orders shall be in full force and effect and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired, and no investigation or inquiry by any governmental authority regarding the Commitments or any transaction being financed with the proceeds thereof shall be ongoing;  
  (xiii)    copies of all Material Agreements requested by Administrative Agent; 
  (xiv)    if requested by the Administrative Agent, certificates of insurance, in form and detail acceptable to the Administrative Agent, describing the types and amounts of insurance (property and liability) maintained by any of the Loan Parties;  
  (xv)    copies of all documentation and information required by any Governmental Authority under the Patriot Act and other applicable  know your customer  and anti-money laundering laws; and 
  (xvi)    all such other documents, certificates and information as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall have reasonably requested. 
  Without limiting the generality of the provisions of this Section, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved of, accepted or been satisfied with each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to, approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
  
   48 
  Execution Version 

Section 3.2.        Conditions to Each Credit Event  .  The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing (including any Borrowings on the Closing Date) and of the Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit is subject to   Section 2.26(c)   and the satisfaction of the following conditions: 
  (a)    at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall exist; 
  (b)    at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, all representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects); 
  (c)    since the Closing Date, there shall have been no change which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
  (d)    in the case of a Borrowing, the Borrower shall have delivered the required Notice of Borrowing or in the case of an issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall have delivered any notice and other document required under   Section 2.22  ; 
  (e)    at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitment Amount; and 
  (f)    the Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents, certificates, and information as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders.  
  Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in subsections (a), (b), (c) and (e) of this Section. 
   
  Section 3.3.        Delivery of Documents.    All of the Loan Documents, certificates, legal opinions and other documents and papers referred to in this Article, unless otherwise specified, shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of each of the Lenders and in sufficient counterparts or copies for each of the Lenders and shall be in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Administrative Agent.   
   
  Section 3.4.        Addition of Unencumbered Pool Properties.    As of the Closing Date, the parties agree that the Properties set forth on   Schedule 4.18   constitute Unencumbered Pool Properties.  If after the Closing Date the Borrower desires that any additional Property become an Unencumbered Pool Property hereunder, the Borrower shall so notify the Administrative Agent in writing (a    Notice of Additional Unencumbered Pool Property   ).  No Property shall become an Unencumbered Pool Property unless it is an Eligible Property, and unless and until the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a Compliance Certificate showing continued compliance with the Financial Covenants and the Unencumbered Pool Covenants after giving pro forma effect to the inclusion of such Property as an Unencumbered Pool Property.  A Notice of Additional Unencumbered Pool Property executed and delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent shall constitute a certification by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that such Property satisfies all of the requirements contained in the definition of Eligible Property.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 3.4  , a Property shall not become an Unencumbered Pool Property unless and until all of the requirements of   Section 5.11   applicable to the Property Owner of such Property and any other applicable Subsidiary of the Borrower have been satisfied. 
  
   49 
  Execution Version 

Section 3.5.        Removal of Unencumbered Pool Properties.     
  (a)      Mandatory Removal  .  An Unencumbered Pool Property shall be removed as an Unencumbered Pool Property and therefore, among other things, cease to be included in determinations of the Unencumbered Pool Value (i) if such Property ceases to be an Eligible Property or if the Administrative Agent shall cease to have a perfected Lien in the Capital Stock of the Property Owner of such Unencumbered Pool Property and in the Capital Stock of each Subsidiary of the REIT Guarantor owning directly or indirectly Capital Stock in such Property Owner, in each case, having the priority required by the Guaranty and Security Agreement (with such removal and cessation to occur at the time of the event or circumstance causing such Property to cease to be an Eligible Property or at the time the Administrative Agent shall cease to have any such Lien with such priority, as applicable) or (ii) upon notice to the Borrower if the Required Lenders have determined in their discretion that such Unencumbered Pool Property shall no longer be an Unencumbered Pool Property. 
  (b)      Borrower Removal  . The Borrower may remove a Property as an Unencumbered Pool Property in connection with a sale, other permanent disposition of, or refinancing with respect to, such Unencumbered Pool Property or if such removal would result in the cure of an Event of Default caused by the inclusion of such Property as an Unencumbered Pool Property hereunder (an  Unencumbered Pool Property Default ), in each case so long as (i) after giving effect to such removal (A) the Loan Parties are in compliance with all terms of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Unencumbered Pool Covenants and the Financial Covenants and (B) no Default or Event of Default exists (other than an Unencumbered Pool Property Default to be cured by such release) immediately prior to, and no Default or Event of Default will exist immediately after, giving effect to such release and (ii) the Borrower has provided to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Compliance Certificate evidencing compliance with the Financial Covenants after giving effect to such removal as if such removal had occurred as of the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to   Section 5.1(b)   and confirming that the Loan Parties are in compliance with the Unencumbered Pool Covenants after giving effect to such removal.  Upon the Administrative Agent s confirmation that the conditions to such removal have been satisfied, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders in writing specifying the date of such removal. 
   
  Section 3.6.        Reallocations on Closing Date  .  The Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender agree that upon the Closing Date, the outstanding Revolving Loans and the participation interests of the Lenders in any outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans shall be allocated among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares calculated based on the Revolving Commitments of the Lenders set forth on Schedule I attached hereto (the    Closing Date Pro Rata Share   ).  To effect such allocations, each Lender whose Closing Date Pro Rata Share exceeds the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Commitments immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement and any Lender providing a new Commitment shall make a Revolving Loan in such amount as is necessary so that the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans held by such Lender shall equal such Lender s Closing Date Pro Rata Share of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans as of the Closing Date.  The Administrative Agent shall make such amounts of the proceeds of such Revolving Loans available to each Lender whose Closing Date Pro Rata Share is less than the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement as is necessary so that the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans held by such Lender shall equal such Lender s Closing Date Pro Rata Share of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans as of the Closing Date 

ARTICLE IV 
    
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
    
  Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Issuing Bank as follows: 
   
  Section 4.1.        Existence; Power.    Each of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation, partnership or limited liability company under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has all requisite power  
  
   50 
  Execution Version 

and authority to carry on its business as now conducted, and (c) is duly qualified to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except where a failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
   
  Section 4.2.        Organizational Power; Authorization.    The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party are within such Loan Party s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational and, if required, shareholder, partner or member action.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and the REIT Guarantor and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, the REIT Guarantor or such Loan Party (as the case may be), enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general principles of equity. 
   
  Section 4.3.        Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts.    The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any action by, any Governmental Authority, except those as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for filings necessary to perfect or maintain perfection of the Liens created under the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any judgment, order or ruling of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any Contractual Obligation of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of its assets or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, except Liens created under the Loan Documents. 
   
  Section 4.4.        Financial Statements.    The Borrower has furnished to each Lender (i) the audited consolidated balance sheet of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries dated December 31, 2015, and the related audited consolidated statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows for the Fiscal Year then ended, prepared by BDO USA, LLP and (ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of March 31, 2016, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows for the Fiscal Quarter and year-to-date period then ended, certified by a Responsible Officer.  Such financial statements fairly present the consolidated financial condition of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of such dates and the consolidated results of operations for such periods in conformity with GAAP consistently applied, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in   clause (ii)  .  Since the Closing Date, there have been no changes with respect to the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries which have had or could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
   
  Section 4.5.        Litigation and Environmental Matters. 
  (a)    No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrators or Governmental Authorities is pending against or, to the knowledge of the REIT Guarantor or Borrower, threatened against or affecting the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination that could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) which in any manner draws into question the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
  
   51 
  Execution Version 

(b)    Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: 
  (i)    To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each of the Unencumbered Pool Properties and all operations with respect to each of the Unencumbered Pool Properties and other Properties owned by the Loan Parties are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and there are no conditions relating to the Unencumbered Pool Properties, the other Properties owned by the Loan Parties or the businesses of the Loan Parties or Tenants with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property that are likely to give rise to any Environmental Liability. 
  (ii)    To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, none of the Unencumbered Pool Properties or other Properties owned by the Loan Parties contains, or has previously contained, any Hazardous Materials at, on or under such property in amounts or concentrations that constitutes a violation of, or could give rise to liability of any Loan Party under, applicable Environmental Laws. 
  (iii)    To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, no Loan Party has received any written or verbal notice of, or inquiry from any Governmental Authority regarding, any violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Unencumbered Pool Properties, any of the other Properties owned by the Loan Parties or the businesses of the Loan Parties, nor does any Responsible Officer of any Loan Party have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received or is being threatened. 
  (iv)    To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, no Loan Party or Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property has generated, treated, stored or disposed of Hazardous Materials at, on or under any of the Unencumbered Pool Properties or any of the other Properties owned by the Loan Parties in violation of, or in a manner that could give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Law.  To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, Hazardous Materials have not been transported or disposed of from the Unencumbered Pool Properties or the other Properties owned by the Loan Parties, in each case by or on behalf of any Loan Party, in violation of, or in a manner that is likely to give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Law. 
  (v)    To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, no judicial proceeding or governmental or administrative action is pending or threatened, under any Environmental Law to which any Loan Party is or will be named as a party, nor are there any consent decrees or other decrees, consent orders, administrative orders or other orders, or other administrative or judicial requirements outstanding under any Environmental Law with respect to the Loan Parties, the Unencumbered Pool Properties, the other Properties owned by the Loan Parties or the businesses of the Loan Parties. 
   
  Section 4.6.        Compliance with Laws and Agreements.    Each of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries is in compliance with (a) all Requirements of Law and all judgments, decrees and orders of any Governmental Authority and (b) all indentures, agreements or other instruments binding upon it or its properties, except where non-compliance, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  None of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, any of their respective Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, any other party thereto is in material default under any Material Agreement.  To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each of the Unencumbered Pool Properties, and the uses of the Unencumbered Pool Properties (including by the Tenants with respect thereto), are in compliance in all material respects with all Requirements of Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to the Unencumbered Pool Properties (including, without limitation, building and zoning laws and Health Care Laws), except in such instances in which (i) such Requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (ii) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
   
  Section 4.7.        Investment Company Act.    None of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries is (a) an  investment company  or is  controlled  by an  investment company , as such terms are defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended and in effect from  
  
   52 
  Execution Version 

time to time, or (b) otherwise subject to any other regulatory scheme limiting its ability to incur debt or requiring any approval or consent from, or registration or filing with, any Governmental Authority in connection therewith. 
   
  Section 4.8.        Taxes.    The REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, their respective Subsidiaries and each other Person for whose taxes the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries could become liable have timely filed or caused to be filed all Federal income tax returns and all other material tax returns that are required to be filed by them, and have paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns or on any assessments made against it or its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority, except where the same are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP.  The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries in respect of such taxes are adequate, and no tax liabilities that could be materially in excess of the amount so provided are anticipated. 
   
  Section 4.9.        Margin Regulations.    None of the proceeds of any of the Loans or Letters of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, for  purchasing  or  carrying  any  margin stock  within the respective meanings of each of such terms under Regulation U or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X.  None of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying  margin stock . 
   
  Section 4.10.        ERISA.    Each Plan is in substantial compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code (including, without limitation, the Code provisions compliance with which is necessary for any intended favorable tax treatment) and all other applicable laws and regulations.  Each Plan (and each related trust, if any) which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS to the effect that it meets the requirements of Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code covering all applicable tax law changes, or is comprised of a master or prototype plan that has received a favorable opinion letter from the IRS, and nothing has occurred since the date of such determination that would adversely affect such determination (or, in the case of a Plan with no determination, nothing has occurred that would adversely affect the issuance of a favorable determination letter or otherwise adversely affect such qualification).  No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur.  There exists no Unfunded Pension Liability with respect to any Plan.  None of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has, within any of the five calendar years immediately preceding the date this assurance is given or deemed given, made or accrued an obligation to make, contributions to any Multiemployer Plan.  There are no actions, suits or claims pending against or involving a Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) or, to the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties or any ERISA Affiliate, threatened, which would reasonably be expected to be asserted successfully against any Plan and, if so asserted successfully, would reasonably be expected either singly or in the aggregate to result in liability to the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries.  The REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, each of their respective Subsidiaries and each ERISA Affiliate have made all contributions to or under each Plan and Multiemployer Plan required by law within the applicable time limits prescribed thereby, by the terms of such Plan or Multiemployer Plan, respectively, or by any contract or agreement requiring contributions to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan.  No Plan which is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA has applied for or received an extension of any amortization period within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 303 or 304 of ERISA.  None of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate have ceased operations at a facility so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4068(a) of ERISA, withdrawn as a substantial employer so as to become subject to the provisions of Section 4063 of ERISA or ceased making contributions to any Plan subject to Section 4064(a) of ERISA to which it made contributions.  None of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries has established, contributes to or maintains any Non-U.S. Plan.   
   
  Section 4.11.        Ownership of Property; Insurance. 
  (a)    Each of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its real and personal property material to the operation of its business (except as sold or  
  
   53 
  Execution Version 

otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business), in each case free and clear of Liens prohibited by this Agreement.  All leases that individually or in the aggregate are material to the business or operations of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting and are in full force. 
  (b)    Each of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed or otherwise has the right to use, all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries does not infringe in any material respect on the rights of any other Person. 
  (c)    The properties of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the REIT Guarantor, in such amounts with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and any applicable Subsidiary operates.  
   
  Section 4.12.        Disclosure.    The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments, and corporate or other restrictions to which any of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to any of them, that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Lenders  Presentation nor any of the reports (including, without limitation, all reports that the REIT Guarantor is required to file with the SEC), financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the REIT Guarantor or the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation or syndication of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by any other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, taken as a whole in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;   provided   that, with respect to projected financial information, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower each represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 
   
  Section 4.13.        Labor Relations.    There are no strikes, lockouts or other material labor disputes or grievances against the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, threatened against or affecting the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, and no significant unfair labor practice charges or grievances are pending against the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, threatened against any of them before any Governmental Authority.  All payments due from the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries pursuant to the provisions of any collective bargaining agreement have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any such Subsidiary, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
   
  Section 4.14.        Subsidiaries.      Schedule 4.14   sets forth the name of, the ownership interest of the applicable Loan Party in, the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of, and the type of each Subsidiary of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and the other Loan Parties and identifies each Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary Loan Party, a Material Subsidiary and/or an Excluded Subsidiary, in each case, as of the Closing Date. 
   
  Section 4.15.        Solvency.    After giving effect to the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of the Loans under this Agreement, each Loan Party is Solvent. 
   
  Section 4.16.        Deposit and Disbursement Accounts.      Schedule 4.16   lists all banks and other financial institutions at which any Loan Party maintains deposit accounts, lockbox accounts, disbursement accounts, investment accounts or other similar accounts as of the Closing Date, and such Schedule correctly identifies the name, address and telephone number of each financial institution, the name in which the account is held, the type of the account, and the complete account number therefor. 
  
   54 
  Execution Version 

Section 4.17.        Collateral Documents.   The Guaranty and Security Agreement creates in favor of the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral (as defined therein), and the filing of the UCC financing statements filed by the Administrative Agent in the offices specified in the applicable Schedule to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, resulted in the Liens created under the Guaranty and Security Agreement constituting a fully perfected Lien (to the extent that such Lien may be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement) on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in such Collateral, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by   Section 7.2   which are prior as a matter of law.  When the certificates evidencing all Capital Stock constituting  certificated securities  under the UCC pledged pursuant to the Guaranty and Security Agreement are delivered to the Administrative Agent, together with appropriate stock powers or other similar instruments of transfer duly executed in blank, the Liens in such Capital Stock shall be fully perfected first priority security interests, perfected by  control  as defined in the UCC. 
   
  Section 4.18.        Unencumbered Pool Properties.     As of the Closing Date and, with respect to any updates to   Schedule 4.18   in connection with the addition of any Unencumbered Pool Property pursuant to and in accordance with   Section 3.4  , as of the last day of the most recent Fiscal Year for which an updated   Schedule 4.18   is delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(j),  
  (a)   Schedule 4.18   is a true and complete list of (i) the street address of each Unencumbered Pool Property; (ii) the Property Owner for each such Unencumbered Pool Property; (iii) the facility type of each such Unencumbered Pool Property; (iv) the name and address of the each Tenant and the termination date of each lease with respect to such Unencumbered Pool Property; and (v) the type of interest (fee or leasehold) held by each Property Owner in its respective Unencumbered Pool Property.  As of the Closing Date and, with respect to any updates to   Schedule 4.18   in connection with the addition of any Unencumbered Pool Property pursuant to and in accordance with   Section 3.4  , as of the last day of the most recent Fiscal Year for which an updated   Schedule 4.18   is delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(j), each Property identified on Part I of   Schedule 4.18   qualifies as an Unencumbered Pool Property pursuant to the terms hereof. 
  (b)    To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each of the facilities located on the Unencumbered Pool Properties owned or leased by the Loan Parties complies with the requirements of   Section 5.8   of this Agreement.  To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, no condemnation or condemnation proceeding has been instituted and remained undismissed for a period in excess of 90 consecutive days, in each case, with respect to a material portion of any Unencumbered Pool Property.  To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, no material casualty event has occurred with respect to the improvements located on any Unencumbered Pool Property which has not been (or, if applicable, will not be able to be) fully remediated with available insurance proceeds. 
   
  Section 4.19.        Material Agreements.    As of the Closing Date, all Material Agreements of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries are described on   Schedule 4.19  , and each such Material Agreement is in full force and effect.  The Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties do not have any knowledge of any pending amendments or threatened termination of any of the Material Agreements.  As of the Closing Date, the REIT Guarantor has delivered to the Administrative Agent a true, complete and correct copy of each Material Agreement (including all schedules, exhibits, amendments, supplements, modifications, assignments and all other documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith). 
   
  Section 4.20.        Healthcare Matters  . 
  (a)    Without limiting the generality of   Section 4.6   hereof or any other representation or warranty made herein, each Loan Party and, to the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property, is in compliance with applicable provisions of federal and state laws governing Medicare and any state Medicaid programs and any statutes or any regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws, including, without limitation, Sections 1320a-7, 1320a-7a, 1320a-7b and 1395nn of Title 42 of the United States Code, the False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), HIPAA, all criminal laws relating to health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, and the health care fraud criminal provisions under HIPAA, the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act), Medicaid (Title XIX of the  
  
   55 
  Execution Version 

Social Security Act) and related state or local statutes or regulations promulgated under such laws (   Health Care Laws   ), except to the extent such non-compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  (b)    To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, there are no Medicare, Medicaid or any other recoupment or recoupments of any governmental or private health care payor being sought, requested, claimed, or threatened, against any Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property, which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
  (c)    To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property has paid or caused to be paid or will pay in connection with its next quarterly credit balance all known and undisputed material refunds that have become due, overpayments or adjustments, except to the extent such failure to pay has not had or would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.   
  (d)      Health Care Permits  . 
  (i)    Each Loan Party and, to the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property has such permits, licenses, franchises, certificates and other approvals or authorizations of Governmental Authorities as are necessary under applicable law or regulations to own its properties and conduct its business (including without limitation such permits as are required under such federal, state and other Health Care Laws, and under similar licensure laws and such insurance laws and regulations, as are applicable thereto) (   Health Care Permits   ), if the failure to obtain such permits, licenses, franchises, certificates and other approvals or authorizations could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
  (ii)    To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property has all Medicare, Medicaid and related agency supplier billing number(s) and related documentation necessary to receive reimbursement, to the extent applicable, from Medicare and/or Medicaid for any item or service furnished by such Person in any jurisdiction where it conducts business except to the extent the failure to obtain billing number(s) or related documentation could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, no Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property is currently subject to suspension, revocation, renewal or denial of its Medicare and/or Medicaid certification, supplier billing number(s), or Medicare and/or Medicaid participation agreement(s), to the extent such suspension, revocation, renewal or denial would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
   
  Section 4.21.        OFAC.    Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (a) is a Sanctioned Person, (b) has any of its assets in Sanctioned Countries, or (c) derives any of its operating income from investments in, or transactions with, Sanctioned Persons or Sanctioned Countries.  No part of the proceeds of any Loans hereunder and no Letter of Credit will be used directly or indirectly to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in or make any payments to a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Country or for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
   
  Section 4.22.        Patriot Act.    Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is an  enemy  or an  ally of the enemy  within the meaning of Section 2 of the Trading with the Enemy Act or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto.  Neither any Loan Party nor any or its Subsidiaries is in violation of (a) the Trading with the Enemy Act, (b) any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto or (c) the Patriot Act.  None of the Loan Parties (i) is a blocked person described in Section 1 of the Anti-Terrorism Order or (ii) to the best of its knowledge, engages in any dealings or transactions, or is otherwise associated, with any such blocked person. 
  
   56 
  Execution Version 

Section 4.23.        REIT Status.    The REIT Guarantor qualifies as, and has elected to be treated as, a REIT, and the REIT Guarantor is organized and will operate in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT, and its proposed method of operation will enable the REIT Guarantor to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. 
   
  Section 4.24.        Unencumbered Pool Properties.    Each Property included in calculations of the Unencumbered Pool Value satisfies all of the requirements contained in the definition of  Eligible Property  except as expressly provided on   Schedule 4.18   or, with respect to Properties that become Unencumbered Pool Properties after the Closing Date, except as otherwise agreed to by the Required Lenders in writing. 
   
  Section 4.25.        EEA Financial Institutions.    None of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries is an EEA Financial Institution. 

ARTICLE V 
    
  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
    
  Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower covenants and agrees that so long as any Lender has a Commitment hereunder or any Obligation remains unpaid or outstanding: 
   
  Section 5.1.        Financial Statements and Other Information.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender): 
  (a)    as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the REIT Guarantor, commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2016, a copy of the annual audited report for such Fiscal Year for the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, containing a consolidated balance sheet of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows (together with all footnotes thereto) of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and reported on by BDO USA, LLP or other independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing (without a  going concern  or like qualification, exception or explanation and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and the results of operations of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and that the examination by such accountants in connection with such consolidated financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards; 
  (b)    as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the REIT Guarantor, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2016, an unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related unaudited consolidated and consolidating statements of income and cash flows of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter and the then elapsed portion of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding Fiscal Quarter and the corresponding portion of the REIT Guarantor s previous Fiscal Year (if applicable) and the corresponding figures for the budget for the current Fiscal Year; 
  (c)    concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in   subsections (a)   and   (b)   of this Section (other than the financial statements for the fourth Fiscal Quarter of each Fiscal Year delivered pursuant to   subsection (b)   of this Section), a Compliance Certificate signed by the principal executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether there exists a Default or Event of Default on the date of such certificate and, if a Default or an Event of Default then exists, specifying the details thereof and the action which the Borrower has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail calculations demonstrating compliance with the Financial Covenants, (iii) specifying any change in the identity of the Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year or Fiscal Quarter from the Subsidiaries identified to the Lenders on the Closing Date or as of the  
  
   57 
  Execution Version 

most recent Fiscal Year or Fiscal Quarter, as the case may be and (iv) stating whether any change in GAAP or the application thereof has occurred since the date of the mostly recently delivered audited financial statements of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, and, if any change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such Compliance Certificate.  If any Property became an Unencumbered Pool Property during the Fiscal Quarter most recently ended, such Compliance Certificate shall be accompanied by the following: 
  (A)    an investment summary of such Property setting forth (1) a description of such Property, such description to include the age, location, site plan and physical condition of such Property, (2) the current Occupancy Rate of such Property and (3) the purchase price paid for such Property; 
  (B)    if requested by the Administrative Agent: 
  (1)    copies of any third party reports ordered or obtained by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any Subsidiary related to such Property, including feasibility reports, analysis regarding the sustainability of revenues and other reports; 
  (2)    copies of all leases (proposed or actual) including all amendments thereto associated with such Property; 
  (3)    to the extent available, copies of the annual operating statements for the tenants of such Property, including census/occupancy data (as applicable), for the most recent two years;  
  (4)    evidence of property insurance, general liability and professional liability insurance with respect to such Property satisfying the requirements of the Loan Documents, including without limitation   Section 5.8  ; 
  (5)    copies of each management agreement (proposed or actual) for such Property (if applicable); and 
  (6)    copies of any  Phase I  environmental assessment and engineering report for such Property (if available to the Borrower); 
  (C)    all such other documents, reports and other information that may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
  (d)    concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in   subsection (a)   above, a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on such financial statements stating whether they obtained any knowledge during the course of their examination of such financial statements of any Default or Event of Default (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by accounting rules or guidelines); 
  (e)    concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in   subsections (a) and (b)   above, a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the current Unencumbered Pool Value and reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with the Unencumbered Pool Covenants; 
  (f)    as soon as available and in any event within 30 days after the end of the calendar year, (i) forecasts and a pro forma budget prepared on a quarterly basis for the succeeding Fiscal Year, containing an income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flow for the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries and (ii) a projected operating statement for each Unencumbered Pool Property; 
  (g)    within five Business Days after receipt thereof, copies of any quarterly or annual financial statements of any Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property (or the parent company of such Tenant) to the extent provided to the Borrower or any other Loan Party; 
  
   58 
  Execution Version 

(h)    promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed with the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the REIT Guarantor to its shareholders generally, as the case may be;  
  (i)    promptly following any request therefor, such other information with respect to the Properties (including Unencumbered Pool Properties) as the Administrative Agent or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request and as is reasonably available to the REIT Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries;  
  (j)    concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in   subsection (a)   above, an update to   Schedule 4.18   hereof reflecting all information required thereon in connection with such additional Unencumbered Pool Property; and 
  (k)    promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the results of operations, business affairs and financial condition of the REIT Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request. 
  So long as the Borrower is required to file periodic reports under Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Borrower may satisfy its obligation to deliver the financial statements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above by delivering such financial statements by electronic mail to such e-mail addresses as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have provided to the Borrower from time to time. 
   
  Section 5.2.        Notices of Material Events. 
  (a)    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender) prompt (and, in any event, not later than three Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the REIT Guarantor or the Borrower becomes aware thereof) written notice of the following: 
  (i)    the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 
  (ii)    the filing or commencement of, or any material development in, any action, suit, proceeding, audit, claim, demand, order or dispute with, by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of any Loan Party, affecting the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
  (iii)    the occurrence of any event or any other development by which the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries (A) fails to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (B) becomes subject to any Environmental Liability, (C) receives notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability, or (D) becomes aware of any basis for any Environmental Liability, in each case which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;  
  (iv)    promptly and in any event within 15 days after (A) any Responsible Officer of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate knows or has reason to know that any ERISA Event has occurred, a certificate of the chief financial officer of the REIT Guarantor describing such ERISA Event and the action, if any, proposed to be taken with respect to such ERISA Event and a copy of any notice filed with the PBGC or the IRS pertaining to such ERISA Event and any notices received by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, such Subsidiary or such ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or any other governmental agency with respect thereto, and (B) becoming aware (1) that there has been an increase in Unfunded Pension Liabilities (not taking into account Plans with negative Unfunded Pension Liabilities) since the date the representations hereunder are given or deemed given, or from any prior notice, as applicable, (2) of the existence of any Withdrawal Liability, (3) of the adoption of, or the commencement of contributions to, any Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, any of their respective  
  
   59 
  Execution Version 

Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate, or (4) of the adoption of any amendment to a Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code which results in a material increase in contribution obligations of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate, a detailed written description thereof from the chief financial officer of the REIT Guarantor; 
  (v)    the occurrence of any default or event of default, or the receipt by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, or any of their respective Subsidiaries of any written notice of an alleged default or event of default, with respect to any Material Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries;  
  (vi)    any material amendment or modification to any Material Agreement (together with a copy thereof), and prompt notice of any termination, expiration or loss of any Material Agreement that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a reduction in revenue or Adjusted EBITDA of the Loan Parties of 10% or more on a consolidated basis from the prior Fiscal Year; and 
  (vii)    any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
  (b)    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender) the following: 
  (i)    promptly and in any event at least 30 days prior thereto, notice of any change (A) in any Loan Party s legal name, (B) in any Loan Party s chief executive office, its principal place of business, any office in which it maintains books or records or any office or facility at which Collateral owned by it is located (including the establishment of any such new office or facility), (C) in any Loan Party s identity or legal structure, (D) in any Loan Party s federal taxpayer identification number or organizational number or (E) in any Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization; and 
  (ii)    as soon as available and in any event within 30 days after receipt thereof, a copy of any environmental report or site assessment obtained by or for the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries after the Closing Date on any Property. 
  (c)    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender) the following promptly and in any event no later than three Business Days after any Responsible Officer of any of the Loan Parties has actual knowledge of: 
  (i)    any Loan Party or a Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property or an owner, officer, manager, employee or Person with a  direct or indirect ownership interest  (as that phrase is defined in 42 C.F.R.   420.201) in a Loan Party or Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property, (w) has had a civil monetary penalty assessed against him or her pursuant to 42 U.S.C.  1320a-7a or is the subject of a proceeding seeking to assess such penalty; (x) has been excluded from participation in a Federal Health Care Program (as that term is defined in 42 U.S.C.  1320a-7b) or is the subject of a proceeding seeking to assess such penalty; (y) has been convicted (as that term is defined in 42 C.F.R.   1001.2) of any of those offenses described in 42 U.S.C.  1320a-7b or 18 U.S.C.   669, 1035, 1347, 1518 or is the subject of a proceeding seeking to assess such penalty; or (z) has been involved or named in a U.S. Attorney complaint made or any other action taken pursuant to the False Claims Act under 31 U.S.C.   3729-3731 or in any qui tam action brought pursuant to 31 U.S.C.  3729 et seq., in each case, that could reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; 
  (ii)    any claim to recover any alleged overpayments (other than any such claim made against the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries that relates to a period during which the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or such Subsidiary did not operate the respective facility) with respect to any receivables in excess of $1,000,000; 
  
   60 
  Execution Version 

(iii)    notice of any final and documented material reduction in the level of reimbursement expected to be received with respect to receivables of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries; 
  (iv)    any allegations of licensure violations or fraudulent acts or omissions involving the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of any of the Responsible Officers of any of the Loan Parties, any Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property that could reasonably be expected to, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; 
  (v)    the pending or threatened imposition of any fine or penalty by any Governmental Authority under any Health Care Law against the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of any of the Responsible Officers of any of the Loan Parties, any Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
  (vi)    any pending or threatened (in writing) revocation, suspension, termination, probation, restriction, limitation, denial, or non-renewal with respect to any Health Care Permit with respect to any Unencumbered Pool Property that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
  (vii)    any non-routine and material inspection of any facility of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of any of the Responsible Officers of any of the Loan Parties, any Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property by any Governmental Authority; and 
  (viii)    notice of the occurrence of any material reportable event or similar term as defined in any corporate integrity agreement, corporate compliance agreement or deferred prosecution agreement pursuant to which the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of any of the Responsible Officers of any of the Loan Parties, any Tenant with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property has to make a submission to any Governmental Authority or other Person under the terms of such agreement, if any. 
  Each notice or other document delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice or other document and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
   
  Section 5.3.        Existence; Conduct of Business.    Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and its respective rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names other intellectual property material to the conduct of their respective businesses;   provided   that nothing in this Section shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under   Section 7.3  . 
   
  Section 5.4.        Compliance with Laws.    Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and requirements of any Governmental Authority applicable to its business and properties, including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws, ERISA, Health Care Laws, and OSHA, except where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
   
  Section 5.5.        Payment of Obligations.    Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge at or before maturity all of their respective obligations and liabilities (including, without limitation, all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, levies and all other claims that could result in a statutory Lien) before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) such Loan Party or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
  
   61 
  Execution Version 

Section 5.6.        Books and Records.    Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities to the extent necessary to prepare the consolidated financial statements of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP. 
   
  Section 5.7.        Visitation and Inspection.    Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, permit any representative or independent contractor of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to visit and inspect its properties, to examine its books and records and to make copies and take extracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with any of its officers and with its independent certified public accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request after reasonable prior notice;   provided   that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no prior notice shall be required. 
   
  Section 5.8.        Maintenance of Properties; Insurance.    Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the REIT Guarantor (i) insurance with respect to its properties and business, and the properties and business of its Subsidiaries, against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by companies in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations (including flood insurance if required by any Requirement of Law and including general liability, professional liability and property coverage) and (ii) all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Collateral Documents, and will, upon request of the Administrative Agent, furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) copies of insurance certificates, endorsements and policies and/or a certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth the nature and extent of all insurance maintained by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries in accordance with this Section. 
   
  Section 5.9.        Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations.    The Borrower will only use the proceeds of Loans to finance future acquisitions of Properties not prohibited hereby, to pay transaction costs and expenses arising in connection herewith and to finance working capital needs and for other general corporate purposes of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries.  No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that would violate any rule or regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X.  All Letters of Credit will be used for general corporate purposes. 
   
  Section 5.10.        Operating Accounts.    The Borrower shall, and the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower, as applicable, shall cause the other Loan Parties to, maintain with the Administrative Agent or one or more Lenders all operating and depository accounts relating to the Properties of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries. 
   
  Section 5.11.        Additional Subsidiaries and Collateral.     
  (a)    As a condition to the inclusion of any Unencumbered Pool Property in the Unencumbered Pool Value, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower shall (a) cause (i) the Subsidiary that owns such Unencumbered Pool Property (which shall be a Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States or the District of Columbia), if not already a Guarantor, to become a Guarantor hereunder and a party to the Guaranty and Security Agreement through the execution and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Joinder Agreement and (ii) each Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party that owns, directly or indirectly, any Capital Stock of any Subsidiary which becomes a Guarantor pursuant to clause (i) above to become a Guarantor hereunder and a party to the Guaranty and Security Agreement and to grant a Lien in such Capital Stock pursuant to the Guaranty and Security Agreement through the execution and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Joinder Agreement (  provided   that, unless such Subsidiary owns an Unencumbered Pool Property, it shall not be required to grant a Lien on, or security interest in, any of its assets or property other than any such Capital Stock of other Subsidiary Loan Parties), in each case on or before the date on which a Property owned by any such Subsidiary is initially included as an Unencumbered Pool Property; and (b) cause each such Subsidiary to deliver such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the foregoing, including, without limitation, certified resolutions and other organizational and authorizing documents of such  
  
   62 
  Execution Version 

Subsidiary, favorable opinions of counsel to such Subsidiary (which shall cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to above in a customary manner), all of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.   
  (b)    Within 15 Business Days of any Person (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) becoming a Material Subsidiary after the Closing Date, and within 15 Business Days of any Excluded Subsidiary that was a Material Subsidiary ceasing to be subject to the restriction which prevented it from becoming a Guarantor as otherwise required under this Agreement, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower shall (i) cause such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor hereunder through the execution and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Joinder Agreement and (ii) cause such Subsidiary to deliver such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the foregoing, including, without limitation, certified resolutions and other organizational and authorizing documents of such Subsidiary, favorable opinions of counsel to such Subsidiary (which shall cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to above in a customary manner), all of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, within 15 Business Days after the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion), the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower shall cause CHCT Indiana, LLC and CHCT Michigan, LLC to become a Guarantor hereunder through the execution and delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Joinder Agreement and cause such entities to deliver such other documentation required by this Section 5.12(b).   
  (c)    The Borrower may, at its option, cause any Subsidiary that is not already a Guarantor to become a Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a Joinder Agreement and the other items required to be delivered under the immediately preceding clauses (a) and (b), as applicable. 
  (d)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Subsidiary may become a Guarantor in accordance with the terms of this Section unless (i) such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary of the Borrower and (ii) the Lenders have received from the Borrower any such documentation and other information requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to   Section 10.13   at least three Business Days prior to the proposed effectiveness of such Subsidiary s agreement to become a Guarantor. 
   
  Section 5.12.        Further Assurances.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents), which may be required under any Requirement of Law, or which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or to grant, preserve, protect or perfect the Liens created by the Collateral Documents or the validity or priority of any such Lien, all at the expense of the Loan Parties.  The Borrower also agrees to provide to the Administrative Agent, from time to time upon request, evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent as to the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents. 
   
  Section 5.13.        REIT Status.    The REIT Guarantor (a) will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, be organized and operate its business at all times so as to satisfy all requirements necessary to qualify and maintain the REIT Guarantor s qualification as a REIT, and (b) will maintain adequate records so as to comply with all record-keeping requirements relating to its qualification as a real estate investment trust as required by the Code and applicable regulations of the Department of the Treasury promulgated thereunder and will properly prepare and timely file (taking into account any valid extensions) with the IRS all returns and reports required thereby. 
   
  Section 5.14.        Healthcare Matters  . 
  (a)    Without limiting or qualifying   Section 5.4  , or any other provision of this Agreement, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause their respective Subsidiaries to, be in compliance with all applicable Health Care Laws relating to the operation of such Person s business, except where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
  
   63 
  Execution Version 

(b)    Except where the failure to do so or noncompliance could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to: 
  (i)    obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all Health Care Permits (including, as applicable, Health Care Permits necessary for it to be eligible to receive payment and compensation from and to participate in Medicare, Medicaid or any other third party payors), if any, which are necessary or useful for any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof to obtain or maintain in the proper conduct of its business; 
  (ii)    solely to the extent applicable to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, be and remain in compliance with all requirements for participation in, and for licensure required to provide the goods or services that are reimbursable under, Medicare, Medicaid and other third party payor programs; 
  (iii)    cause all licensed personnel of the Loan Parties, if any, to be in compliance with all applicable Health Care Laws in the performance of their duties to or for the Loan Parties, and to maintain in full force and effect all professional licenses and other Health Care Permits required to perform such duties; and 
  (iv)    keep and maintain all records required to be maintained by any Governmental Authority or otherwise under any Health Care Law applicable to the Loan Parties. 
   
  Section 5.15.        Environmental Matters  . 
  (a)    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will, and will cause their respective Subsidiaries and the Tenants with respect to an Unencumbered Pool Property to, (i) comply with all Environmental Laws in respect of the Unencumbered Pool Properties except to the extent such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to create or result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) promptly take all actions necessary to prevent the imposition of any Liens (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any of the Unencumbered Pool Properties arising out of or related to any Environmental Laws. 
  (b)    In respect of any Unencumbered Pool Property and to the extent the following could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, if any Loan Party shall (i) receive notice that any violation of any Environmental Law may have been committed by such Person, (ii) receive notice that any administrative or judicial complaint or order has been filed or is about to be filed against any Loan Party alleging violations of any Environmental Law or requiring any such Person to take any action in connection with the release of any Hazardous Materials or (iii) receive any notice from a Governmental Authority or private party alleging that any such Loan Party may be liable or responsible for costs associated with a response to or cleanup of a release of a Hazardous Materials or any damages caused thereby, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with a copy of such notice within 10 days after the receipt thereof by any Loan Party. 
  (c)    At the request of the Administrative Agent from time to time, (x) in the event the Administrative Agent has a reasonable basis to believe that Hazardous Materials in a quantity or condition that violates Environmental Laws in any material respect are present on any Unencumbered Pool Properties or (y) to the extent an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent within 60 days after such request, at the expense of the Borrower, an environmental site assessment report for any Unencumbered Pool Property described in such request (which, in the case of any circumstance described in clause (x), shall be limited to the affected Unencumbered Pool Property), prepared by an environmental consulting firm acceptable to the Administrative Agent, indicating the presence or absence of Hazardous Materials and the estimated cost of any compliance or required removal or remedial action in connection with any Hazardous Materials on such Unencumbered Pool Property to cause such property to be in compliance with Environmental Laws; without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent determines at any time that a material risk exists that any such report will not be provided within the time referred to above, the Administrative Agent may retain an environmental consulting firm to prepare such report at the expense of the Loan Parties, and the Loan Parties hereby grant and agree to cause any Subsidiary that owns any property described in such request to grant at the time of such request to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, such  
  
   64 
  Execution Version 

firm and any agents or representatives thereof an non-exclusive license, subject to the rights of Tenants, to enter onto their respective properties to undertake such an assessment. 
   
  Section 5.16.        Unencumbered Pool Covenants.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower shall not permit:  
  Minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio.     The ratio of Adjusted Net Operating Income for the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters most recently ended attributable to all Unencumbered Pool Properties to Unsecured Debt Service for such period, to be less than 2.00 to 1.00 at any time. 
  Unencumbered Pool Aggregate Occupancy.    The aggregate Occupancy Rate of the Unencumbered Pool Properties to be less than 85.0% at any time.  
  Minimum Property Requirement.    There to be less than 10 Unencumbered Pool Properties with an aggregate Unencumbered Pool Value of at least $25,000,000 at any time. 
  Maximum Tenant Concentration.    Any single Tenant (which for purposes of this covenant shall include all Affiliates of such Tenant) to account for more than 35.0% of the Unencumbered Pool NOI at any time.  
  Maximum Property Concentration.     Any single Unencumbered Pool Property to account for more than 35.0% of the aggregate Unencumbered Pool Value at any time. 
  Weighted Average Remaining Lease Terms.    The minimum weighted average remaining lease term for all leases of the Unencumbered Pool Properties determined in the aggregate to be less than 3 years at any time. 

ARTICLE VI 
    
  FINANCIAL COVENANTS 
    
  Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower covenants and agrees that so long as any Lender has a Commitment hereunder or any Obligation remains unpaid or outstanding:  
   
  Section 6.1.        Leverage Ratio.    The Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 50.0% at any time. 
   
  Section 6.2.        Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.    The Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.75 to 1.00 at any time. 
   
  Section 6.3.        Tangible Net Worth.    Tangible Net Worth shall not be less than $161,967,961   plus   75.0% of the Net Proceeds received by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries in connection with Equity Issuances effected after the Closing Date to any Person other than the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries. 
   
  Section 6.4.        Unencumbered Leverage Ratio.    The Unencumbered Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 50.0% at any time.   
   
  Section 6.5.        Restricted Payments.    During each Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, declare or make any Restricted Payments during each such Fiscal Quarter in excess of the greater of (a) $5,500,000 and (b) the amount required for the REIT Guarantor to maintain its status as a REIT.  On and at all times after January 1, 2017, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, declare or make any Restricted Payments during the Applicable Period most recently ended in excess of the greater of (a) 95.0% of Funds From Operations of the REIT Guarantor for such Applicable Period and (b) the amount required for the REIT Guarantor to maintain its status as a REIT.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) but subject to the following clause (ii); if a Default or Event of Default exists, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower shall not, and  
  
   65 
  Execution Version 

shall not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, declare or make any Restricted Payments in excess of amount permitted pursuant to the foregoing clause (b), and (ii) if an Event of Default specified in   Section 8.1(a)  ,   (b)  ,   (g)  ,   (h)  , or   (i)   shall exist, or if as a result of the occurrence of any other Event of Default any of the Obligations have been accelerated, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, make any Restricted Payments to any Person other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party. 
   
  Section 6.6.        Restriction on Secured Indebtedness.    The REIT Guarantor shall not permit the aggregate amount of Secured Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries (other than the Obligations) to exceed 30% of Total Asset Value at any time. 
   
  Section 6.7.        Restriction on Recourse Debt.    The REIT Guarantor shall not permit the aggregate amount of Recourse Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries to exceed 10.0% of Total Asset Value. 
   
  Section 6.8.        Restriction on Certain Investments.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, make an Investment in or otherwise own the following items which would cause the aggregate value of such holdings of such Persons to exceed at any time: (a) 20.0% of Total Asset Value for Unimproved Land, notes receivable, Development Properties and Unconsolidated Affiliates in the aggregate and (b) 5.0% of Total Asset Value for Development Properties. 

ARTICLE VII 
    
  NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
    
  Each of the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower covenants and agrees that so long as any Lender has a Commitment hereunder or any Obligation remains outstanding:  
   
  Section 7.1.        Indebtedness and Preferred Equity.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:  
  (a)    Indebtedness created pursuant to the Loan Documents; 
  (b)    Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries existing on the date hereof and set forth on   Schedule 7.1   and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or replacement) or shorten the maturity or the weighted average life thereof; 
  (c)    Indebtedness of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof (  provided   that such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvements), and extensions, renewals or replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or replacement) or shorten the maturity or the weighted average life thereof; 
  (d)    Indebtedness among the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries;   provided   that any such Indebtedness that is owed to a Loan Party by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party must be permitted pursuant to   Section 7.4  ; 
  (e)    Guarantees by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and any of their respective Subsidiaries of Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries under this   Section 7.1  ;   provided   that any such Guarantee by a Loan Party for the benefit of a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to   Section 7.4   (other than   Section 7.4(c))  ; 
  
   66 
  Execution Version 

(f)    Hedging Obligations permitted by   Section 7.10  ; 
  (g)    Secured Indebtedness;   provided   that after immediately giving effect thereto and to any acquisition consummated after the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to   Section 5.1(a)   or   (b)   and on or prior to such date (or, prior to the initial such delivery, after the Closing Date), the Loan Parties are in compliance with the Financial Covenants on a pro forma basis; and 
  (h)    other unsecured Indebtedness including Permitted Subordinated Debt;   provided   that, immediately after giving effect thereto and to any acquisition of Properties consummated after the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to   Section 5.1(a)   or   (b)   and on or prior to such date (or, prior to the initial such delivery, after the Closing Date), the Loan Parties are in compliance with the Financial Covenants on a pro forma basis. 
  The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, issue any preferred stock or other preferred equity interest that (i) matures or is mandatorily redeemable pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) is or may become redeemable or repurchaseable by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any such Subsidiary at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, or (iii) is convertible or exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof for Indebtedness or preferred stock or any other preferred equity interest described in this paragraph, on or prior to, in the case of clause (i), (ii) or (iii), the first anniversary of the Stated Termination Date. 
   
  Section 7.2.        Liens.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any of their respective assets or property now owned or hereafter acquired, except: 
  (a)    Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents; 
  (b)    Permitted Encumbrances; 
  (c)    Liens on any property or asset of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries existing on the date hereof and set forth on   Schedule 7.2  ;  
  (d)    purchase money Liens upon or in any fixed or capital assets to secure the purchase price or the cost of construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets or to secure Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets (including Liens securing any Capital Lease Obligations);   provided   that (i) such Lien secures Indebtedness permitted by   Section 7.1(c)  , (ii) such Lien attaches to such asset concurrently or within 90 days after the acquisition or the completion of the construction or improvements thereof, (iii) such Lien does not extend to any other asset, and (iv) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets; and  
  (e)    the rights of Tenants under leases or subleases not interfering with the ordinary conduct of business of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries; and 
  (f)    extensions, renewals, or replacements of any Lien referred to in   subsections (b)   through   (e)   of this Section;   provided   that the principal amount of the Indebtedness, if any, secured thereby is not increased and that any such extension, renewal or replacement is limited to the assets originally encumbered thereby. 
   
  Section 7.3.        Fundamental Changes. 
  (a)    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, merge into or consolidate into any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of (in a single transaction or a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired) or all or substantially all of the Capital Stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired) or liquidate or dissolve;   provided   that if,  
  
   67 
  Execution Version 

at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall exist, (i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary may merge with a Person if the Borrower (or such Subsidiary if the Borrower is not a party to such merger) is the surviving Person,   provided   that if any party to such merger is a Subsidiary Loan Party, the Subsidiary Loan Party shall be the surviving Person, (ii) any Subsidiary may merge into another Subsidiary,   provided   that if any party to such merger is a Subsidiary Loan Party, the Subsidiary Loan Party shall be the surviving Person, (iii) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to the Borrower or to a Subsidiary Loan Party, and (iv) any Subsidiary (other than a Subsidiary Loan Party) may liquidate or dissolve if the REIT Guarantor determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the REIT Guarantor and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders;   provided  ,   further  , that any such merger involving a Person that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by   Section 7.4  . 
  (b)    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses reasonably related thereto. 
   
  Section 7.4.        Investments, Loans.    Subject to the limitations of   Section 6.8  , the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger) any Capital Stock, evidence of Indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant, or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person (all of the foregoing being collectively called    Investments   ), except:   
  (a)    Investments (other than Permitted Investments) existing on the date hereof and set forth on   Schedule 7.4   (including Investments in Subsidiaries existing on the date hereof); 
  (b)    cash and Permitted Investments; 
  (c)    Guarantees by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries constituting Indebtedness permitted by   Section 7.1  ;   provided   that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Loan Parties that is Guaranteed by any Loan Party shall be subject to the limitation set forth in   subsection (d)   of this Section; 
  (d)    Investments made by the REIT Guarantor or the Borrower in or to any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or in or to another Subsidiary;   provided   that the aggregate amount of Investments by the Loan Parties in or to, and Guarantees by the Loan Parties of Indebtedness of, any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Loan Party (including all such Investments and Guarantees existing on the Closing Date) shall not exceed $10,000,000 at any time outstanding; 
  (e)    loans or advances to employees, officers or directors of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business for travel, relocation and related expenses; provided that the aggregate amount of all such loans and advances does not exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding; 
  (f)    Hedging Transactions permitted by   Section 7.10  ;  
  (g)    acquisitions of personal property in the ordinary course of business to the extent required to continue to operate the Loan Parties  businesses permitted pursuant to   Section 7.3(b)  ; 
  (h)    Investments in Properties or in the Capital Stock of any Person that owns or leases Properties,   provided   that any Investments other than Properties owned or held by any such Person must be permitted pursuant to another provision of this   Section 7.4  ; 
  
   68 
  Execution Version 

(i)    Investments received in satisfaction of judgments or in settlements of debt or compromises of obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
  (j)    any Investment consisting of prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, endorsements for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business, utility or workers compensation, performance and similar deposits entered into as a result of the operations of the business in the ordinary course of business; and 
  (k)    Licenses and sublicenses of patents, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property in the ordinary course of business. 
  For purposes of determining the amount of any Investment outstanding for purposes of this   Section 7.4  , such amount shall be deemed to be the amount of such Investment when made, purchased or acquired less any amount realized in respect of such Investment upon the sale, collection or return of capital (not to exceed the original amount invested).  

Section 7.5.        [Reserved]. 
   
  Section 7.6.        [Reserved].     
   
  Section 7.7.        Transactions with Affiliates.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except:  
  (a)    in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Loan Party or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties;  
  (b)    transactions between or among the Loan Parties in the ordinary course of business not involving any other Affiliates; and  
  (c)    any Restricted Payment permitted by   Section 6.5  . 
   
  Section 7.8.        Restrictive Agreements.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries to create, incur or permit any Lien upon any of its assets or properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or (b) the ability of any of the Borrower s Subsidiaries to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to its Capital Stock, to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries thereof, to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries thereof or to transfer any of its property or assets to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries thereof;   provided   that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of assets (including Capital Stock of a Subsidiary) pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the assets that are to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iii) clause (a) shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to Secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions and conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness and (iv) clause (a) shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof.  
   
  Section 7.9.        Sale and Leaseback Transactions.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereinafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred. 
  
   69 
  Execution Version 

Section 7.10.        Hedging Transactions.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, enter into any Hedging Transaction, other than Hedging Transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks to which the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries is exposed in the conduct of its business or the management of its liabilities.  Solely for the avoidance of doubt, the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower each acknowledges that a Hedging Transaction entered into for speculative purposes or of a speculative nature (which shall be deemed to include any Hedging Transaction under which the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries is or may become obliged to make any payment (i) in connection with the purchase by any third party of any Capital Stock or any Indebtedness or (ii) as a result of changes in the market value of any Capital Stock or any Indebtedness) is not a Hedging Transaction entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks. 
   
  Section 7.11.        Amendment to Material Documents.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under (a) its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents or (b) any Material Agreements except in any manner that would not have an adverse effect on the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries. 
   
  Section 7.12.        Accounting Changes.    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, make any significant change in accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP, or change the fiscal year of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or of any of their respective Subsidiaries. 
   
  Section 7.13.        Government Regulation.    REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, (a) be or become subject at any time to any law, regulation or list of any Governmental Authority of the United States (including, without limitation, the OFAC list) that prohibits or limits the Lenders or the Administrative Agent from making any advance or extension of credit to the Borrower or from otherwise conducting business with the Loan Parties, or (b) fail to provide documentary and other evidence of the identity of the Loan Parties as may be requested by the Lenders or the Administrative Agent at any time to enable the Lenders or the Administrative Agent to verify the identity of the Loan Parties or to comply with any applicable law or regulation, including, without limitation, Section 326 of the Patriot Act at 31 U.S.C. Section 5318. 
   
  Section 7.14.        Permitted Subordinated Debt. 
  (a)    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to (i) prepay, redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire for value any Permitted Subordinated Debt, or (ii) make any principal, interest or other payments on any Permitted Subordinated Debt that is not expressly permitted by the subordination provisions of the applicable Subordinated Debt Documents. 
  (b)    The REIT Guarantor and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, agree to or permit any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any Subordinated Debt Document if the effect of such amendment, modification or waiver is to (i) increase the yield on such Permitted Subordinated Debt or change (to earlier dates) the dates upon which principal and interest are due thereon; (ii) alter the redemption, prepayment or subordination provisions thereof; (iii) alter the covenants and events of default in a manner that would make such provisions more onerous or restrictive to the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any such Subsidiary; or (iv) otherwise increase the obligations of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any such Subsidiary in respect of such Permitted Subordinated Debt or confer additional rights upon the holders thereof which individually or in the aggregate would be adverse to the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower, any of their respective Subsidiaries or to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders. 

ARTICLE VIII 
    
  EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

70 
  Execution Version 

Section 8.1.        Events of Default.    If any of the following events (each, an    Event of Default   ) shall occur: 
  (a)    any Loan Party shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or of any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment or otherwise; or 
  (b)    any Loan Party shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount payable under   subsection (a)   of this Section or an amount related to a Bank Product Obligation) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days; or 
  (c)    any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the Schedules attached hereto and thereto), or in any amendments or modifications hereof or waivers hereunder, or in any certificate, report, financial statement or other document submitted to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders by any Loan Party or any representative of any Loan Party pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be incorrect in any material respect (other than any representation or warranty that is expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall prove to be incorrect in any respect) when made or deemed made or submitted; or 
  (d)    any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in   Section     5.3  ,   5.7  ,   5.9  ,   5.10  ,   5.11  ,   5.14  ,   5.15  , or   5.16   (with respect to the Loan Parties  legal existence) or   Article VI   or   VII  ; or 
  (e)    any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those referred to in   subsections (a)  ,   (b)   and   (d)   of this Section) or any other Loan Document or related to any Bank Product Obligation, and such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days (or, solely in the case of subsections (a) and (b) of   Section 5.1  , 5 days) after the earlier of (i) any officer of a Loan Party becomes aware of such failure, or (ii) notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent; or 
  (f)    (i) the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries (whether as primary obligor or as guarantor or other surety) shall fail to pay any principal of, or premium or interest on, any Material Indebtedness (other than any Hedging Obligation) that is outstanding, when and as the same shall become due and payable (whether at scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument evidencing or governing such Indebtedness; or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any Material Indebtedness and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate, or permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness; or any Material Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, or any offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof or (ii) there occurs under any Hedging Transaction an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Hedging Transaction) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Hedging Transaction as to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Hedging Transaction) and the Hedge Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Hedging Transaction as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and the Hedge Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount and is not paid; or 
  (g)    the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries shall (i) commence a voluntary case or other proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in   subsection (i)   of this Section, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator  
  
   71 
  Execution Version 

or other similar official for the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any such Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or 
  (h)    an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or their respective debts, or any substantial part of their respective assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official for the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or for a substantial part of their respective assets, and in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall remain undismissed for a period of 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or 
  (i)    the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries shall become unable to pay, shall admit in writing its inability to pay, or shall fail to pay, its debts as they become due; or 
  (j)    (i) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability to the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, (ii) there is or arises an Unfunded Pension Liability (not taking into account Plans with negative Unfunded Pension Liability) in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, or (iii) there is or arises any potential Withdrawal Liability in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, or  
  (k)    any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate shall be rendered against the REIT Guarantor, Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or 
  (l)    any non-monetary judgment or order shall be rendered against the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or 
  (m)    a Change in Control shall occur or exist; or 
  (n)    any provision of the Guaranty and Security Agreement or any other Collateral Document shall for any reason cease to be valid and binding on, or enforceable against, any Loan Party, or any Loan Party shall so state in writing, or any Loan Party shall seek to terminate its obligation under the Guaranty and Security Agreement or any other Collateral Document (other than the release of any guaranty or collateral to the extent permitted pursuant to   Section 9.11  ); or 
  (o)    (i) the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries shall be enjoined, restrained or in any way prevented by the order of any Governmental Authority from conducting any material part of the business of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries and such order shall continue in effect for more than 30 days or (ii) any strike, lockout, labor dispute, embargo, condemnation, act of God or public enemy or terrorism, or other casualty, which in any such case causes, for more than 15 consecutive days, the cessation or substantial curtailment of revenue producing activities of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries if such event or circumstance is not covered by business interruption insurance and would have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
  (p)    the loss, suspension or revocation of, or failure to renew, any license, permit or authorization now held or hereafter acquired by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or any other action shall be taken by any Governmental Authority in response to any alleged failure by the REIT Guarantor, the  
  
   72 
  Execution Version 

Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries to be in compliance with applicable law if such loss, suspension, revocation or failure to renew or other action, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
  (q)    any Lien purported to be created under any Collateral Document shall fail or cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any Collateral, with the priority required by the applicable Collateral Documents; then, and in every such event (other than an event described in   subsections (g)  ,   (h)   or   (i)   of this Section) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and upon the written request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, whereupon the Commitment of each Lender shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the principal of and any accrued interest on the Loans, and all other Obligations owing hereunder, to be, whereupon the same shall become, due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, (iii) exercise all remedies contained in any other Loan Document, and (iv) exercise any other remedies available at law or in equity;   provided   that, if an Event of Default specified in   subsections (g)  ,   (h)   or   (i)   shall occur, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon, and all fees and all other Obligations shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
   
  Section 8.2.        Application of Proceeds from Collateral.    All proceeds from each sale of, or other realization upon, all or any part of the Collateral by any Secured Party after an Event of Default arises shall be applied as follows: 
  (a)      first  , to the reimbursable expenses of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with such sale or other realization upon the Collateral, until the same shall have been paid in full; 
  (b)      second  , to the fees and other reimbursable expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, until the same shall have been paid in full;  
  (c)      third  , to all reimbursable expenses, if any, of the Lenders then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, until the same shall have been paid in full; 
  (d)      fourth  , to the fees and interest then due and payable under the terms of this Agreement, until the same shall have been paid in full;  
  (e)      fifth  , to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans, the LC Exposure, any amounts owing in respect of the Bank Product Obligations and any amounts owing in respect of the Hedging Obligations that constitute Obligations, until the same shall have been paid in full, allocated   pro rata   among the Secured Parties based on their respective   pro rata   shares of the aggregate amount of such Loans, LC Exposure and Bank Product Obligations and amounts owing in respect of any such Hedging Obligations; 
  (f)      sixth  , to additional cash collateral for the aggregate amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit until the aggregate amount of all cash collateral held by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement is at least 105% of the LC Exposure after giving effect to the foregoing clause fifth; and 
  (g)      seventh  , to the extent any proceeds remain, to the Borrower or as otherwise provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
  All amounts allocated pursuant to the foregoing clauses third through fifth to the Lenders as a result of amounts owed to the Lenders under the Loan Documents shall be allocated among, and distributed to, the Lenders   pro rata   based on their respective Pro Rata Shares; provided that all amounts allocated to that portion of the LC Exposure comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit pursuant to clauses fifth and sixth shall be distributed to the Administrative Agent, rather than to the Lenders, and held by the Administrative Agent in an  
  
   73 
  Execution Version 

account in the name of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and the Lenders as cash collateral for the LC Exposure, such account to be administered in accordance with   Section 2.22(g)  .  All cash collateral for LC Exposure shall be applied to satisfy drawings under the Letters of Credit as they occur; if any amount remains on deposit on cash collateral after all letters of credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) no amount received from any Guarantor (including any proceeds of any sale of, or other realization upon, all or any part of the Collateral owned by such Guarantor) shall be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor and (b) Bank Product Obligations and Hedging Obligations shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the Bank Product Provider or the Lender-Related Hedge Provider, as the case may be.  Each Bank Product Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of   Article IX   for itself and its Affiliates as if a  Lender  party hereto. 

ARTICLE IX 
    
  THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

Section 9.1.        Appointment of the Administrative Agent. 
  (a)    Each Lender irrevocably appoints SunTrust Bank as the Administrative Agent and authorizes it to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with all such actions and powers that are reasonably incidental thereto.  The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder or under the other Loan Documents by or through any one or more sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent or attorney-in-fact may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties.  The exculpatory provisions set forth in this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent, attorney-in-fact or Related Party and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. 
  (b)    The Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith until such time and except for so long as the Administrative Agent may agree at the request of the Required Lenders to act for the Issuing Bank with respect thereto;   provided   that the Issuing Bank shall have all the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the application and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to the Letters of Credit as fully as if the term  Administrative Agent  as used in this Article included the Issuing Bank with respect to such acts or omissions and (ii) as additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to the Issuing Bank. 
   
  Section 9.2.        Nature of Duties of the Administrative Agent.    The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except those discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in   Section 10.2  );   provided   that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and (c) except  
  
   74 
  Execution Version 

as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.  The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it, its sub-agents or its attorneys-in-fact with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in   Section 10.2  ) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction.  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care.  The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (which notice shall include an express reference to such event being a  Default  or  Event of Default  hereunder) is given to the Administrative Agent by any Loan Party or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements, or other terms and conditions set forth in any Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in   Article III   or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Loan Parties) concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. 
   
  Section 9.3.        Lack of Reliance on the Administrative Agent.    Each of the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each of the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking any action under or based on this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.  Each of the Lenders acknowledges and agrees that outside legal counsel to the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration (including any amendments, waivers and consents) of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents is acting solely as counsel to the Administrative Agent and is not acting as counsel to any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates) in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
   
  Section 9.4.        Certain Rights of the Administrative Agent.    If the Administrative Agent shall request instructions from the Required Lenders with respect to any action or actions (including the failure to act) in connection with this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such act unless and until it shall have received instructions from such Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining.  Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders where required by the terms of this Agreement. 
   
  Section 9.5.        Reliance by the Administrative Agent.    The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person.  The Administrative Agent may also rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Loan Parties), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. 
   
  Section 9.6.        The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity.    The bank serving as the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and any other Loan Document in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise or refrain from exercising the same as though it were  
  
   75 
  Execution Version 

not the Administrative Agent; and the terms  Lenders ,  Required Lenders , or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity.  The bank acting as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of business with the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 
   
  Section 9.7.        Successor Administrative Agent. 
  (a)    The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower.  Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, subject to approval by the Borrower provided that no Default or Event of Default shall exist at such time.  If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed, and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or a bank which maintains an office in the United States. 
  (b)    Upon the acceptance of its appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  If, within 45 days after written notice is given of the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation under this Section, no successor Administrative Agent shall have been appointed and shall have accepted such appointment, then on such 45th day (i) the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation shall become effective, (ii) the retiring Administrative Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents and (iii) the Required Lenders shall thereafter perform all duties of the retiring Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided above.  After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent and its representatives and agents in respect of any actions taken or not taken by any of them while it was serving as the Administrative Agent.   
  (c)    In addition to the foregoing, if a Lender becomes, and during the period it remains, a Defaulting Lender, and if any Default has arisen from a failure of the Borrower to comply with   Section 2.26  , then the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender may, upon prior written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, resign as Issuing Bank or as Swingline Lender, as the case may be, effective at the close of business Atlanta, Georgia time on a date specified in such notice (which date may not be less than five Business Days after the date of such notice). 
   
  Section 9.8.        Withholding Tax.    To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax.  If the IRS or any authority of the United States or any other jurisdiction asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender (because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstances that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason), such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent that the Administrative Agent has not already been reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, together with all expenses incurred, including legal expenses, allocated staff costs and any out of pocket expenses. 
   
  Section 9.9.        The Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. 
  (a)    In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any Revolving Credit Exposure shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
  
   76 
  Execution Version 

(b)    (i)    to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans or Revolving Credit Exposure and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent under Section 10.3) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
  (ii)    to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same. 
  (c)    Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under   Section 10.3  . 
  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
   
  Section 9.10.        Authorization to Execute Other Loan Documents.    Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute on behalf of all Lenders all Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the Collateral Documents and any subordination agreements) other than this Agreement. 
   
  Section 9.11.        Collateral and Guaranty Matters.    The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion: 
  (a)    to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the termination of all Revolving Commitments, the Cash Collateralization of all reimbursement obligations with respect to Letters of Credit in an amount equal to 105% of the aggregate LC Exposure of all Lenders, and the payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and such Cash Collateralized reimbursement obligations), (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing in accordance with   Section 10.2  ; and  
  (b)    to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Collateral Documents if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder. 
  Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Collateral Documents pursuant to this Section.  In each case as specified in this Section, the Administrative Agent is authorized, at the Borrower s expense, to execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the Liens granted under the applicable Collateral Documents, or to release such Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Collateral Documents, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section. 
   
  Section 9.12.        Syndication Agent.    Each Lender hereby designates Fifth Third Bank as Syndication Agent and agrees that the Syndication Agent shall not have any duties or obligations under any Loan Documents to any Lender or any Loan Party. 
  
   77 
  Execution Version 

Section 9.13.        Right to Realize on Collateral and Enforce Guarantee.    Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby agree that (i) no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Collateral Documents, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under the Collateral Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other disposition and the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing), shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by the Administrative Agent at such sale or other disposition. 
   
  Section 9.14.        Secured Bank Product Obligations and Hedging Obligations.    No Bank Product Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider that obtains the benefits of   Section 8.2  , the Collateral Documents or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any other Loan Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Bank Product Obligations and Hedging Obligations unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Bank Product Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider, as the case may be. 

ARTICLE X 
    
  MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 10.1.        Notices. 
  (a)      Written Notices  .   
  (i)    Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone or by electronic transmission in accordance with   subsection (b)   of this   Section 10.1  , all notices and other communications to any party herein to be effective shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile, as follows:  
  To the Borrower:    Community Healthcare OP, LP 
  3326 Aspen Grove Drive, Suite 150 
  Franklin, Tennessee  37067 
  Attention: W. Page Barnes 
  Facsimile Number: (615) 771-3064 
  Email: pbarnes@chct.reit 
    
  To the Administrative Agent:    SunTrust Bank 
  3333 Peachtree Road / 7th Floor 
  Atlanta, Georgia 30326 
  Attention: Community Healthcare Trust Account Manager 
  Facsimile Number: (404) 926-5173 
    
  With a copy to:    SunTrust Bank 
  Agency Services  
  
   78 
  Execution Version 

303 Peachtree Street, N.E. / 25th Floor 
  Atlanta, Georgia 30308 
  Attention: Doug Weltz 
  Facsimile Number: (404) 221-2001 
    
  and 
    
  Alston   Bird LLP 
  1201 West Peachtree Street 
  Atlanta, Georgia  30309 
  Attention: Paul M. Cushing, Esq. 
  Facsimile Number: (404) 253-8366 
  Email: paul.cushing@alston.com 

To the Issuing Bank:    SunTrust Bank 
  25 Park Place, N.E. / Mail Code 3706 / 16th Floor 
  Atlanta, Georgia 30303 
  Attention: Standby Letter of Credit Dept. 
  Facsimile Number: (404) 588-8129 

To the Swingline Lender:    SunTrust Bank 
  Agency Services 
  303 Peachtree Street, N.E. / 25th Floor 
  Atlanta, Georgia 30308 
  Attention: Doug Weltz 
  Facsimile Number: (404) 221-2001 
    
           To any other Lender: 
    To the address set forth in the Administrative Questionnaire or the Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Lender 
     Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.  All such notices and other communications shall be effective upon actual receipt by the relevant Person or, if delivered by overnight courier service, upon the first Business Day after the date deposited with such courier service for overnight (next-day) delivery or, if sent by facsimile, upon transmittal in legible form by facsimile machine or, if mailed, upon the third Business Day after the date deposited into the mail or, if delivered by hand, upon delivery; provided that notices delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender shall not be effective until actually received by such Person at its address specified in this Section. 
  (ii)    Any agreement of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender herein to receive certain notices by telephone or facsimile is solely for the convenience and at the request of the Borrower.  The Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender shall be entitled to rely on the authority of any Person purporting to be a Person authorized by the Borrower to give such notice and the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall not have any liability to the Borrower or other Person on account of any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in reliance upon such telephonic or facsimile notice.  The obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans and all other Obligations hereunder shall not be affected in any way or to any extent by any failure of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to receive written confirmation of any telephonic or facsimile notice or the receipt by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender of a confirmation which is at variance with the terms understood by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and such Lender to be contained in any such telephonic or facsimile notice. 
  
   79 
  Execution Version 

(b)      Electronic Communications  .   
  (i)    Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including by e-mail to the e-mail addresses provided in   subsection (a)   of this   Section 10.1   and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to Article II unless such Lender, the Issuing Bank, as applicable, and the Administrative Agent have agreed to receive notices under any Section thereof by electronic communication and have agreed to the procedures governing such communications.  The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.  
  (ii)    Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (x) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the  return receipt requested  function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (y) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (x) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.  
   
  Section 10.2.        Waiver; Amendments. 
  (a)    No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and no course of dealing between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent or any Lender, shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power hereunder or thereunder.  The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.  No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document or consent to any departure by the Loan Parties therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by   subsection (b)   of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. 
  (b)    No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of the other Loan Documents (other than the Fee Letter), nor consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Loan Parties and the Required Lenders, or the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders, and then such amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given;   provided     that, in addition to the consent of the Required Lenders, no amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
  (i)    increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender; 
  
   80 
  Execution Version 

(ii)    reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however, only the written consent of the Required Lenders shall be required to (x) waive imposition of Default Interest under   Section 2.13(c)   or to amend the percentage rate at which Default Interest is imposed and (y) amend any Financial Covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or to reduce any fee payable hereunder;  
  (iii)    postpone the date fixed for any payment of any principal of, or interest on, any Loan or LC Disbursement or any fees hereunder or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date for the termination or reduction of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;  
  (iv)    change   Section 2.21(b)   or   (c)   or   Section 8.2   in a manner that would alter the   pro rata   sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;  
  (v)    change any of the provisions of this   subsection (b)   or the definition of  Required Lenders  or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders which are required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the consent of each Lender;  
  (vi)    release all or substantially all of the Guarantors, or limit the liability of all or substantially all such Guarantors, under any guaranty agreement guaranteeing any of the Obligations, without the written consent of each Lender; or  
  (vii)    release all or substantially all Collateral (if any) securing any of the Obligations, without the written consent of each Lender;   provided  , further, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights, duties or obligations of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank without the prior written consent of such Person. 
  (c)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased, extended or reinstated and amounts payable to such Lender hereunder may not be permanently reduced, without the consent of such Lender (other than reductions in fees and interest in which such reduction does not disproportionately affect such Lender).  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated (but such Lender shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of   Sections 2.18  ,   2.19  ,   2.20   and   10.3  ), such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and such Lender shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything herein or otherwise to the contrary, any Event of Default occurring hereunder shall continue to exist (and shall be deemed to be continuing) until such time as such Event of Default is waived in writing in accordance with the terms of this Section notwithstanding (i) any attempted cure or other action taken by the Borrower or any other Person subsequent to the occurrence of such Event of Default or (ii) any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender prior to or subsequent to the occurrence of such Event of Default (other than the granting of a waiver in writing in accordance with the terms of this Section). 
  (d)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any Loan Document may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the REIT Guarantor, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (without the consent of any Lender) solely to effect administrative changes that are not adverse to any Lender or to correct administrative errors or omissions or to cure an ambiguity, defect or error, or to grant a new Lien for the benefit of the Secured Parties or extend an existing Lien over additional property.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, additional extensions of credit consented to by the Required Lenders  
  
   81 
  Execution Version 

shall be permitted hereunder on a ratable basis with the existing Loans (including as to proceeds of, and sharing in the benefits of, Collateral and sharing of mandatory prepayments) and, with respect of Loans of the same Class, voluntary prepayments. 
   
  Section 10.3.        Expenses; Indemnification. 
  (a)    The Loan Parties shall pay (i) all reasonable, out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Sole Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be consummated), including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel and the allocated cost of inside counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or any Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
  (b)    The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and the Issuing Bank, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an    Indemnitee   ) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, penalties, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the any Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto;   provided   that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, penalties, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) a claim brought by any Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document.  No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through Syndtrak, Intralinks or any other Internet or intranet website, except as a result of such Indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment.  
  (c)    The Loan Parties shall pay, and hold the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders harmless from and against, any and all present and future stamp, documentary, and other similar taxes with respect to this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, any collateral described therein or any payments due thereunder, and save the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay or omission to pay such taxes. 
  (d)    To the extent that the Loan Parties fail to pay any amount required to be paid to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under   subsection (a)  ,   (b)   or   (c)   of this Section, each Lender severally  
  
   82 
  Execution Version 

agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lender s   pro rata   share (in accordance with its respective Revolving Commitment (or Revolving Credit Exposure, as applicable) determined as of the time that the unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount;   provided   that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified payment, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such. 
  (e)    To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Loan Party shall assert, and each hereby waives and agrees not to assert, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to actual or direct damages) arising out of, in connection with or as a result of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated therein, any Loan or any Letter of Credit or the use of proceeds thereof.  No Indemnitee referred to in   subsection (b)   above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
  (f)    All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
   
  Section 10.4.        Successors and Assigns. 
  (a)    The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of   subsection (b)   of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of   subsection (d)   of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of   subsection (f)   of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in   subsection (d)   of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
  (b)    Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments, Loans and other Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it);   provided   that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:  
  (i)      Minimum Amounts  . 
  (A)    in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitments, Loans and other Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
  (B)    in any case not described in   Section 10.4(b)(i)(A)  , the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if  Trade Date  is specified in the Assignment and Acceptance, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000 with respect to Revolving Loans and the Revolving Commitments and in minimum increments of $1,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).  
  
   83 
  Execution Version 

(ii)      Proportionate Amounts  .  Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans, other Revolving Credit Exposure or the Commitments assigned. 
  (iii)      Required Consents  .  No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by   Section 10.4(b)(i)(B)   and, in addition: 
  (A)    the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund of such Lender;  
  (B)    the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund of such Lender; and 
  (C)    the consent of the Issuing Bank (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding), and the consent of the Swingline Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Commitments. 
  (iv)      Assignment and Acceptance  .  The parties to each assignment shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance, (B) a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, (C) an Administrative Questionnaire unless the assignee is already a Lender and (D) the documents required under   Section 2.20(e)  . 
  (v)      No Assignment to Certain Persons  .  No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute a Defaulting Lender or a Subsidiary thereof. 
  (vi)      No Assignment to Natural Persons  .  No such assignment shall be made to a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person). 
  (vii)      Certain Additional Payments  .  In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable   pro rata   share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full   pro rata   share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to   subsection (c)   of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party  
  
   84 
  Execution Version 

to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of   Sections 2.18  ,   2.19  ,   2.20   and   10.3   with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender.  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with   subsection (d)   of this Section.  If the consent of the Borrower to an assignment is required hereunder (including a consent to an assignment which does not meet the minimum assignment thresholds specified above), the Borrower shall be deemed to have given its consent unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five Business Days after notice thereof has actually been delivered by the assigning Lender (through the Administrative Agent) to the Borrower. 
  (c)    The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in Atlanta, Georgia a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount of the Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the    Register   ).  Information contained in the Register with respect to any Lender shall be available for inspection by such Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice; information contained in the Register shall also be available for inspection by the Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.  In establishing and maintaining the Register, the Administrative Agent shall serve as the Borrower s agent solely for tax purposes and solely with respect to the actions described in this Section, and the Borrower hereby agrees that, to the extent SunTrust Bank serves in such capacity, SunTrust Bank and its officers, directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates shall constitute  Indemnitees . 
  (d)    Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person, the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a    Participant   ) in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it);   provided   that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement.   
  (e)    Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to the following to the extent affecting such Participant: (i) increase the Commitment of such Lender; (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder; (iii) postpone the date fixed for any payment of any principal of, or interest on, any Loan or LC Disbursement or any fees hereunder or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date for the termination or reduction of any Commitment; (iv) change   Section 2.21(b)   or   (c)   in a manner that would alter the   pro rata   sharing of payments required thereby; (v) change any of the provisions of   Section 10.2(b)   or the definition of  Required Lenders  or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders which are required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder; (vi) release all or substantially all of the guarantors, or limit the liability of all or substantially all of such guarantors, under any guaranty agreement guaranteeing any of the Obligations; or (vii) release all or substantially all collateral (if any) securing any of the Obligations.  Subject to   subsection (e)   of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of   Sections 2.18  ,   2.19  , and   2.20   to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by  
  
   85 
  Execution Version 

assignment pursuant to   subsection (b)   of this Section; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to   Section 2.24   as though it were a Lender.  To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of   Section 10.7   as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to   Section 2.21   as though it were a Lender. 
  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register in the United States on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the    Participant Register   ).  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  The Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have inspection rights to such Participant Register (upon reasonable prior notice to the applicable Lender) solely for purposes of demonstrating that such Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents are in  registered form  for purposes of the Code. 
  (f)    A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under   Sections 2.18   and   2.20   than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent.  A Participant shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.20 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with   Section 2.20(e)   and   2.20(f)   as though it were a Lender.   
  (g)    Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including, without limitation, any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank;   provided   that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.   
   
  Section 10.5.        Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 
  (a)    This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be construed in accordance with and be governed by the law (without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof except for Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law) of the State of New York.  
  (b)    Each of the Loan Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and of any state court of the State of New York or the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York county, and of any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such District Court or New York state court or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, such appellate court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
  (c)    Each of the Loan Parties irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding described in subsection (b) of this Section and brought in any court referred to in   subsection (b)   of this Section.  Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
  
   86 
  Execution Version 

(d)    Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to the service of process in the manner provided for notices in   Section 10.1  .  Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
   
  Section 10.6.        WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.    EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
   
  Section 10.7.        Right of Set-off.    In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, each Lender and the Issuing Bank shall have the right, at any time or from time to time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without prior notice to any Loan Party, any such notice being expressly waived by the each such to the extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply against all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) of such Loan Party at any time held or other obligations at any time owing by such Lender and the Issuing Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties against any and all Obligations held by such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, irrespective of whether such Lender or the Issuing Bank shall have made demand hereunder and although such Obligations may be unmatured;   provided   that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of   Section 2.26(b)   and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees promptly to notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower after any such set-off and any application made by such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application.  Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees to apply all amounts collected from any such set-off to the Obligations before applying such amounts to any other Indebtedness or other obligations owed by the Loan Parties and any of their  Subsidiaries to such Lender or the Issuing Bank. 
   
  Section 10.8.        Counterparts; Integration.    This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.  This Agreement, the Fee Letter, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements relating to any fees payable to the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto and thereto and their affiliates regarding the subject matters hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, regarding such subject matters.  Delivery of an executed counterpart to this Agreement or any other Loan Document by facsimile transmission or by electronic mail in pdf format shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
   
  Section 10.9.        Survival.    All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties herein and in the certificates, reports, notices or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement  
  
   87 
  Execution Version 

is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated.  The provisions of   Sections 2.18  ,   2.19  ,   2.20  , and   10.3   and   Article IX   shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.  All representations and warranties made herein, in the Loan Documents in the certificates, reports, notices, and other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the making of the Loans and the issuance of the Letters of Credit. 
   
  Section 10.10.        Severability.    Any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof or thereof; and the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
   
  Section 10.11.        Confidentiality.    Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to take normal and reasonable precautions to maintain the confidentiality of any information relating to the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, to the extent designated in writing as confidential and provided to it by the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, except that such information may be disclosed (i) to any Related Party of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any such Lender including, without limitation, accountants, legal counsel and other advisors, (ii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iii) to the extent requested by any regulatory agency or authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iv) to the extent that such information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, or which becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Documents or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to execution by such Person of an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section (or language substantially similar to this paragraph, including provisions customary in the syndicated loan market), to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or (B) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap or derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (vii) to any rating agency, (viii) to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization, (ix) for the purpose of establishing a  due diligence  defense, (x) to the extent that such information is independently developed by such disclosing party (other than with confidential information provided to such disclosing party by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries), (xi) to industry trade organizations, general information with respect to this Agreement that is customary for inclusion in league table measurements or (xii) with the consent of the Borrower.  Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of any information as provided for in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such information as such Person would accord its own confidential information.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Section and those of any other Contractual Obligation entered into with any Loan Party (whether or not a Loan Document), the terms of this Section shall govern. 
   
  Section 10.12.        Interest Rate Limitation.    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which may be treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively, the  Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate of interest (the    Maximum Rate   ) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by a Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest  
  
   88 
  Execution Version 

thereon at the Federal Funds Rate to the date of repayment (to the extent permitted by applicable law), shall have been received by such Lender. 
   
  Section 10.13.        Patriot Act.    The Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby notifies the Loan Parties that, pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
   
  Section 10.14.        No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.    In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees and acknowledges its Affiliates  understanding that (i) (A) the services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate, and (C) each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person, and (B) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders has no obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.  
   
  Section 10.15.        Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
  (a)    the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
    
  (b)    the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
    
  (i)    a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
       
  (ii)    a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
    
  (iii)    the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 

89 
  Execution Version 

Section 10.16.        Effect on Existing Credit Agreement. 
  (a)    Upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in   Section 3.1  , this Agreement shall exclusively control and govern the mutual rights and obligations of the parties hereto with respect to the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Existing Credit Agreement shall be superseded by this Agreement in all respects, on a prospective basis only; provided, however, the amendment to Section 6.5 shall be deemed to be effective as of June 30, 2016. 
  (b)    THE PARTIES HERETO HAVE ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT SOLELY TO AMEND AND RESTATE THE TERMS OF, AND THE OBLIGATIONS OWING UNDER AND IN CONNECTION WITH, THE EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT.  THE PARTIES DO NOT INTEND THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY TO BE, AND THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED TO BE, A NOVATION OF ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS OWING BY THE BORROWER UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (AS DEFINED IN THE EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT). 
    
  [Remainder of page left intentionally blank;  Signatures commence on following page.] 

90 
  Execution Version 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
  BORROWER  : 
    
  COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE OP, LP 

By:  /s/ W. Page Barnes     
  Name: W. Page Barnes 
  Title: CFO 

REIT GUARANTOR  : 
    
  COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST  
       INCORPORATED 

By:  /s/ W. Page Barnes     
  Name: W. Page Barnes 
  Title: CFO 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

SUNTRUST BANK  , 
  as the Administrative Agent, as the Issuing Bank, as the Swingline Lender and as a Lender 

By:  /s/ Jared Cohen     
  Name: Jared Cohen 
  Title: Vice President 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

FIFTH THIRD BANK  , as a Lender 

By:   /s/ William D. Priester     
  Name: William D. Priester 
  Title: Senior Vice President 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

CADENCE BANK, N.A.  , as a Lender 

By:   /s/ William H. Crawford     
  Name: William H. Crawford 
  Title: EVP 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

FIRST TENNESSEE BANK, NA  , as a Lender  

By:   /s/ Cathy Wind     
  Name: Cathy Wind 
  Title: SVP 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

FRANKLIN SYNERGY BANK  , as a Lender 

By:   /s/ Timothy B. Fouts     
  Name: Timothy B. Fouts 
  Title: Executive Vice President 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

BANCORPSOUTH  , as a Lender 

By:   /s/ Randall P. Robinson     
  Name: Randall P. Robinson 
  Title: Sr. Vice President 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

CAPSTAR BANK  , as a Lender 

By:   /s/ Mark Mattson     
  Name: Mark Mattson 
  Title: Executive Vice President 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

PINNACLE BANK  , as a Lender 

By:   /s/ Allison Jones     
  Name: Allison Jones 
  Title: SVP 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

SYNOVUS BANK  , as a Lender 

By:   /s/ David W. Bowman     
  Name: David W. Bowman 
  Title: Director 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY  , as a Lender 

By:   /s/ Ahaz Armstrong     
  Name: Ahaz Armstrong 
  Title: Vice President 

[Signature page to Community Healthcare OP Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I 
  COMMITMENT AMOUNTS 

Execution Version 

Schedule 4.14 
  Subsidiaries 

Subsidiary 
    Ownership Interest 
    Jurisdiction of Organization 
    Type of Subsidiary 
    Subsidiary Loan Party / Material Subsidiary / Excluded Subsidiary 
      CHCT Alabama, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Arizona, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Colorado, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Florida, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Georgia, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Idaho, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
    
      CHCT Illinois, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Kansas, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Kentucky, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Lending, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Maryland, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
    
      CHCT Mississippi, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
    
      CHCT Ohio, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Pennsylvania, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT South Carolina, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 

Subsidiary 
    Ownership Interest 
    Jurisdiction of Organization 
    Type of Subsidiary 
    Subsidiary Loan Party / Material Subsidiary / Excluded Subsidiary 
      CHCT Tennessee, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 99.9% 
    
  Community Healthcare Trust Services, Inc. - 0.1% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Texas, LLC 
  d/b/a Texas CHCT Holdings, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Virginia, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Wisconsin, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
  Material Subsidiary 
      Community Healthcare OP, LP 
    Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated - 99.9% 
    
  Community Healthcare Trust, LLC - 0.1% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Partnership 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
    
      Community Healthcare Trust, LLC 
    Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
    
      Community Healthcare Trust Services, Inc. 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Tennessee 
    Corporation 
    Subsidiary Loan Party 
    
      CHCT Indiana, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Material Subsidiary 
      CHCT Oklahoma, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
      
      CHCT Louisiana, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
      
      CHCT Michigan, LLC 
    Community Healthcare OP, LP - 100% 
    Delaware 
    Limited Liability Company 
    Material Subsidiary 

Schedule 4.16 
  Deposit and Disbursement Accounts 
    
  List on file with Administrative Agent 

Schedule 4.18 
  Unencumbered Pool Properties 

Schedule 4.19 
  Material Agreements 

Employment Agreement by and between Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated and James Short made and entered into as of April 1, 2014, to be made effective the first day after the Corporation completes its initial public offering of stock; 
                
    Employment Agreement by and between Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated and Michael L. Willman made and entered into as of April 1, 2014, to be made effective the first day after the Corporation completes its initial public offering of stock; 
                
    Employment Agreement by and between Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated and Roland Hart made and entered into as of April 1, 2014, to be made effective the first day after the Corporation completes its initial public offering of stock; 
                
    Employment Agreement by and between Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated and M. Stephen Harrison made and entered into as of April 1, 2014, to be made effective the first day after the Corporation completes its initial public offering of stock; 
                
    Employment Agreement by and between Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated and Timothy G. Wallace made and entered into as of April 1, 2014, to be made effective the first day after the Corporation completes its initial public offering of stock; 
                
    Employment Agreement by and between Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated and William Davis made and entered into as of April 1, 2014, to be made effective the first day after the Corporation completes its initial public offering of stock; 
                
    Employment Agreement by and between Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated and W. Page Barnes made and entered into as of April 1, 2014, to be made effective the first day after the Corporation completes its initial public offering of stock; 
                
    Employment Agreement by and between Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated and Leigh Ann Stach made and entered into as of April 1, 2014, to be made effective the first day after the Corporation completes its initial public offering of stock; and 
                
    Underwriting Agreement by and among Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, Community Healthcare OP, LP, Sandler O'Neill   Partners, L.P, Evercare Group, L.L.C.   SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. dated May 20, 2015. 
                
    Promissory notes evidencing intercompany indebtedness among the Loan Parties from time to time. 

Schedule 7.1 
  Existing Indebtedness 
    
  Intercompany debt among the Loan Parties from time to time and the Loans. 

Schedule 7.2 
  Existing Liens 
    
  None other than the Liens securing the Loans. 

Schedule 7.4 
  Existing Investments 
    
  None other than the ownership interest in the Loan Parties and the mortgage term loan receivable from AMG Realty Youngsville, L.L.C.  

EXHIBIT A 
    
  FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
    
  This Assignment and Assumption (the    Assignment and Assumption   ) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [the][each]   1    Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an]    Assignor   ) and [the][each]   2    Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an]    Assignee   ).  [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]   3    hereunder are several and not joint.]   4     Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by [the][each] Assignee.  The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
    
  For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignor s][the respective Assignors ] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of [the Assignor][the respective Assignors] under the respective facilities identified below (including without limitation any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities), and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as [the][an]    Assigned Interest   ).  Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to [the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor.   
    
  1.    Assignor[s]:        ______________________________ 
    
  ______________________________ 
    
           2. 
    Assignee[s]:        ______________________________ 
       
  ______________________________ 

______________________________ 
    
   1   For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language.  If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language. 
   2   For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language.  If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language. 
   3   Select as appropriate. 
   4   Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees. 
  
   Exhibit A 
  - 1 - 

[Assignee is an [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [  identify Lender  ] 
    
           3. 
    Borrower:        Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership 
       
           4. 
    Administrative Agent:    SunTrust Bank, as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 
       
           5. 
    Credit Agreement:    The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016, among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as Borrower, Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation, as REIT Guarantor, the Lenders parties thereto, SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, and the other parties thereto 
       
           6. 
     Assigned Interest[s]: 
       
                           Assignor[s]   5  
    Assignee[s]   6  
    Facility Assigned   7  
    Aggregate Amount of Commitment/ Loans for all Lenders   8  
    Amount of Commitment/ Loans Assigned   8  
    Percentage Assigned of Commitment/  Loans   9  
    CUSIP Number 

$ 
    $ 
    % 

$ 
    $ 
    % 

$ 
    $ 
    % 

[7.    Trade Date:        ______________]   10   
    
  [Page break] 

______________________________ 
    
   5   List each Assignor, as appropriate. 
   6   List each Assignee, as appropriate. 
   7   Fill in the appropriate terminology for the types of facilities under the Credit Agreement that are being assigned under this Assignment (e.g.,  Revolving Commitment ) 
   8   Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 
   9   Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 
   10   To be completed if the Assignor(s) and the Assignee(s) intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. 

Exhibit A 
  - 2 - 

Effective Date:   _____________ ___, 20___ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 
    
  The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 
    
  ASSIGNOR[S]   11   
  [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] 

By:______________________________ 
     Name: 
     Title: 
    
  [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] 

By:______________________________ 
     Name: 
     Title: 
    
  ASSIGNEE[S]   12   
  [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] 

By:______________________________ 
     Name: 
     Title: 

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE] 

By:______________________________ 
     Name: 
     Title: 

______________________________ 
   11   Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Approved Fund and manager making the trade (if applicable). 
   12   Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Approved Fund and manager making the trade (if applicable). 
  
   Exhibit A 
  - 3 - 

[Consented to and]   13    Accepted: 
    
  SUNTRUST BANK, as  
    Administrative Agent[, Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender] 

By: _________________________________ 
     Name: 
     Title: 
    
  [Consented to:]    14   
    
  [NAME OF RELEVANT PARTY] 

By: ________________________________ 
     Name: 
     Title: 

______________________________ 
   13   To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
   14   To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties (e.g., Swingline Lender, Issuing Bank) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

Exhibit A 
  - 4 - 

ANNEX 1 
  STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
  ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
    
  1.      Representations and Warranties  .   
    
  1.1      Assignor[s]  .  [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is not a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document, or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 
    
  1.2.      Assignee[s]  .  [The][Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under   Section 10.4   of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required thereunder), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to   Section 5.1   thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, and (vii) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
    
  2.      Payments  .  From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to [the][the relevant] Assignee. 
    
  3.      General Provisions  .  This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption.  This Assignment and Assumption shall be construed in accordance with and be governed by the law (without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof except for Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law) of the State of New York. 
  
   Exhibit A 
  - 5 - 

EXHIBIT B 
  FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT  
    
  THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT dated as of ____________, 20__, executed and delivered by ______________________, a _____________ (the    New Guarantor   ), in favor of (a) SUNTRUST BANK, in its capacity as Administrative Agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ) for the Lenders (as defined below) under that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), the Administrative Agent, and the other parties thereto. 
    
  WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders have agreed to make available to the Borrower certain financial accommodations on the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement; 
    
  WHEREAS, the New Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders making such financial accommodations available to the Borrower under the Credit Agreement and, accordingly, the New Guarantor is willing to guarantee the Borrower s obligations [and pledge certain Capital Stock owned by it] to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on the terms and conditions contained herein; and 
    
  WHEREAS, the New Guarantor s execution and delivery of this Joinder Agreement is a condition to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders continuing to make such financial accommodations to the Borrower. 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the New Guarantor, the New Guarantor agrees as follows: 
    
  Section 1.    Definitions  .  Capitalized terms used herein (and in the above recitals) and not otherwise defined herein shall have their respective defined meanings given them in the Credit Agreement or the Guaranty and Security Agreement (defined below), as applicable. 
    
  Section 2.    Joinder to Guaranty  .  The New Guarantor hereby agrees that it is a  Guarantor  and a  Grantor  under that certain Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of June 3, 2015 (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Guaranty and Security Agreement   ), made by the REIT Guarantor and the Subsidiary Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and assumes all obligations of a  Guarantor  and a  Grantor  thereunder and agrees to be bound thereby, all as if the New Guarantor had been an original signatory to the Guaranty and Security Agreement.  The information set forth in   Schedule A   hereto is hereby added to the information set forth in Schedules 1 through 5 to the Guaranty and Security Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the New Guarantor hereby: 
    
  (a)    irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the due and punctual payment and performance when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all Guarantied Obligations (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement); 
    
  [(b)    grants to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in the Collateral (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement), which is all of the following property now owned or at any time hereafter acquired by New Guarantor or in which New Guarantor now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interest and whether now existing or hereafter coming into existence, as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance when due of the Secured Obligations:   [insert collateral]  ;] 
  
   Exhibit B 
  - 1 - 

[(c)    agrees to deliver any Pledged Securities (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement) owned by it to the Administrative Agent in accordance with   Section 3.2   of the Guaranty and Security Agreement;] 
    
  (d)    agrees to be bound by the acknowledgements, waivers and consents set forth in   Section 4   of the Guaranty and Security Agreement; makes to the Administrative Agent and the Guarantied Parties as of the date hereof each of the representations and warranties contained in   Section 5   of the Guaranty and Security Agreement; and agrees to be bound by each of the covenants contained in   Section 6   of the Guaranty and Security Agreement;  
    
  [(e)    acknowledges that the Administrative Agent may exercise rights with respect to all Pledged Securities owned by it pursuant to   Section 7   of the Guaranty and Security Agreement and otherwise in accordance with applicable law and appoints the Administrative Agent as its attorney in fact pursuant to and for the purposes set forth in   Section 8   of the Guaranty and Security Agreement;] and  
    
  (f)    consents and agrees to each other provision set forth in the Guaranty and Security Agreement without any limitation or reservation. 
    
  SECTION 3.    GOVERNING LAW  .  THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF EXCEPT FOR SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW) OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
    
  [Signatures on Next Page] 

Exhibit B 
  - 2 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Guarantor has caused this Joinder Agreement to be duly executed and delivered under seal by its duly authorized officers as of the date first written above. 
    
  [NEW GUARANTOR] 

By:     
       Name:     
       Title:     
    
  Address for Notices: 
  c/o _____________________________ 
  ________________________________ 
  ________________________________ 
  Attn:____________________________ 
  Telecopy Number:_________________ 
  Telephone Number:________________ 
    
  Accepted: 
    
  SUNTRUST BANK, as Administrative Agent 

By:_____________________________     
       Name:________________________     
       Title:_________________________     

Exhibit B 
  - 3 - 

SCHEDULE A 
    
  Supplement to Schedules of  
  Guaranty and Security Agreement 

Exhibit B 
  - 4 - 

EXHIBIT 2.3 
  FORM OF NOTICE OF REVOLVING BORROWING  
  [  Date  ] 
  SunTrust Bank,  
      as Administrative Agent  
      for the Lenders referred to below  
  3333 Peachtree Road / 7th Floor 
  Atlanta, Georgia 30326 
  Attention: Community Healthcare Trust Account Manager 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen:  
    
  Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ) for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  This notice constitutes a Notice of Revolving Borrowing, and the Borrower hereby requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower hereby specifies the following information with respect to the Revolving Borrowing requested hereby:  
    
       (A)        Aggregate principal amount of Borrowing: $                                              
    
       (B)        Date of Borrowing (which is a Business Day):                                               
    
       (C)        Type of Borrowing:        Base Rate Borrowing             Eurodollar Borrowing 

(D)    For Eurodollar Borrowings only, the initial Interest Period:  
       
         one month           two months         three months           six months 

(E)    Borrower s deposit account to which proceeds of the Borrowing are to be  
     disbursed:                                               
    
  (F)    The Borrowing requested hereby is otherwise in compliance with   Section 2.3   of the  
  Credit Agreement. 
    
  [Continued on Following Page] 
    
  ____________________________ 
             2 
    Must comply with the definition of  Interest Period  and may not end later than the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. 

Exhibit 2.3 
  - 1 - 

The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders that the conditions set forth in   Section 3.2   of the Credit Agreement are satisfied at the time of, and will continue to be satisfied immediately after giving effect to, the requested Revolving Borrowing. 
  Very truly yours,  
    
  COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE OP, LP  ,   as Borrower 
    
  By:                           
          Name:  
          Title:  

Exhibit 2.3 
  - 2 - 

EXHIBIT 2.4  
    
  FORM OF NOTICE OF SWINGLINE BORROWING  
  [  Date  ]  
    
  SunTrust Bank,  
      as Administrative Agent  
      for the Lenders referred to below  
  3333 Peachtree Road / 7th Floor 
  Atlanta, Georgia 30326 
  Attention: Community Healthcare Trust Account Manager 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen:  
    
  Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ) for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  This notice constitutes a Notice of Swingline Borrowing, and the Borrower hereby requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to the Swingline Borrowing requested hereby:  
    
       (A)        Principal amount of Borrowing: $                                              
    
       (B)        Date of Borrowing (which is a Business Day):                                               

(C)    Borrower s deposit account to which proceeds of the Borrowing are to be  
     disbursed:                                               
    
  (D)    The Borrowing requested hereby is otherwise in compliance with   Section 2.4   of the  
  Credit Agreement. 
    
  [Continued on Following Page] 

_____________________________ 
    
           1 
    The aggregate principal amount of each Swingline Loan shall not be less than $100,000 or a larger multiple of $50,000, or such other minimum amounts agreed to by the Swingline Lender and the Borrower. 

Exhibit 2.4 
  - 1 - 

The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders that the conditions set forth in   Section 3.2   of the Credit Agreement are   satisfied at the time of, and will continue to be satisfied immediately after giving effect to, the requested Swingline Borrowing. 
  Very truly yours,  
    
  COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE OP, LP  ,       as Borrower 
    
  By:                           
          Name:  
          Title:  

Exhibit 2.4 
  - 2 - 

EXHIBIT 2.7 
  FORM OF NOTICE OF CONTINUATION/CONVERSION 
    [  Date  ] 
  SunTrust Bank,  
      as Administrative Agent  
      for the Lenders referred to below  
  3333 Peachtree Road / 7th Floor 
  Atlanta, Georgia 30326 
  Attention: Community Healthcare Trust Account Manager 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen:  
    
  Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ) for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  This notice constitutes a Notice of Continuation/Conversion and the Borrower hereby requests the continuation or conversion of a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection the Borrower specifies the following information with respect to the Borrowing to be converted or continued as requested hereby:    Conversion of:      Continuation of:     
    
  A.  The Borrowing to which this request applies:  _______________________________ 
  B.  Principal amount of Borrowing to be continued/converted:  $_________________ 
  C.  Effective date of election (which is a Business Day):  ______________________ 
  D.  Interest rate applicable to Borrowing to be continued/converted:   
        Base Rate Borrowing              Eurodollar Borrowing 
  E    For Eurodollar Borrowings, only, the initial Interest Period applicable after givieffect to such                         conversion/continuation: 
        one month            two months            three months            six months 
  [Continued on Following Page] 

_____________________________________ 
    
           1. 
    If different options are being elected with respect to different portions of such Borrowing, please specify the portions thereof that are to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing. 
              2. 
     The principal amount must satisfy the minimum borrowing amount for Eurodollar Borrowings and Base Rate Borrowings set forth in   Section 2.3   of the Credit Agreement. 
              3. 
     If no Interest Period is specified, the Interest Period will be one month.   

Exhibit 2.7 
  - 1 - 

The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that the conditions specified in   Section 3.2(a)   of the Credit Agreement are satisfied at the time of, and will continue to be satisfied immediately after giving effect to, the requested conversion/continuation. 
    
  Very truly yours, 
    
  COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE OP, LP  ,   as Borrower 
    
  By:                           
          Name:  
          Title:  

Exhibit 2.7 
  - 2 - 

EXHIBIT 2.20A 
    
  FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For  
  U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
    
  Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ) for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.    
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 2.20   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.  
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER] 
    
  By:_____________________________________________ 
  Name: 
  Title: 
  Date:_______ __, 20[  ] 

Exhibit 2.20A 
  - 1 - 

EXHIBIT 2.20B 
    
  FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For  
  U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
    
  Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ) for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.    
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 2.20   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER] 
    
  By:_____________________________________________ 
  Name: 
  Title: 
  Date:_______ __, 20[  ] 

Exhibit 2.20B 
  - 1 - 

EXHIBIT 2.20C 
    
  FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For  
  U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
    
  Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank (together with its successors and assigns, the    Administrative Agent   ), as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.    
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 2.20   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.  
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER] 
    
  By:_____________________________________________ 
  Name: 
  Title: 
  Date:_______ __, 20[  ] 

Exhibit 2.20C 
  - 1 - 

EXHIBIT 2.20D 
    
  FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
    
  Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank (together with its successors and assigns, the    Administrative Agent   ), as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.    
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 2.20   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER] 
    
  By:_____________________________________________ 
  Name: 
  Title: 
  Date:_______ __, 20[  ] 

Exhibit 2.20D 
  - 1 - 

EXHIBIT 3.1(b)(iii) 
    
  REAFFIRMATION OF GUARANTY AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

THIS REAFFIRMATION OF GUARANTY AND SECURITY AGREEMENT   (this  Agreement ) dated as of August 10, 2016 executed by each of the undersigned  Grantors  (the  Grantors ) in favor of SUNTRUST BANK, as Administrative Agent (the  Administrative Agent ) and each of the other Secured Parties (as defined in the Restated Credit Agreement (defined below)). 
    
  WHEREAS  , Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the  Borrower ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the  REIT Grantor ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as  Lenders  and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain Credit     Agreement dated as of June 3, 2015 (as amended, restated, supplemented, replaced, increased, refinanced or otherwise modified from time to time, the  Existing Credit Agreement  
    
  WHEREAS  , in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, the Borrower, the REIT Grantor and certain of their respective Subsidiaries executed and delivered that certain Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of June 3, 2015 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the  Guaranty and Security Agreement ) in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; and 
    
    WHEREAS  , the parties to the Existing Credit Agreement are entering into that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of the date hereof (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the  Restated Credit Agreement ), among other things, to increase the amount of credit available to the Borrower thereunder; 
    
    WHEREAS  , it is a condition precedent to the effectiveness of the Restated Credit Agreement that each of the Grantors executes and delivers this Agreement; and 
    
    WHEREAS  , each of the Grantors has determined that the execution and delivery of the Restated Credit Agreement will directly and indirectly benefit each such Grantor. 
    
    NOW, THEREFORE  , to induce the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders to enter into the Restated Credit Agreement and to make extensions of credit and other financial accommodations available to the Borrower, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of the Grantors agrees as follows: 
    
    Section     Reaffirmation of Guaranty  .  Each Guarantor hereby reaffirms its continuing obligations to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties under the Guaranty and Security Agreement and agrees that the transactions contemplated by the Restated Credit Amendment, including without limitation, the increase in the amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments (as defined in the Restated Credit Agreement) to $150,000,000 effected thereby, shall not in any way affect the validity and enforceability of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, or reduce, impair or discharge any of the obligations of such Guarantor thereunder. 
    
    Section     Continuing Security  .  Each Grantor (a) acknowledges and agrees that all Collateral shall continue to secure all Secured Obligations as provided in the Guaranty and Security Agreement, (b) confirms and ratifies all of its obligations and the security interests and other Liens granted by it under the Guaranty and Security Agreement and (c) represents and warrants that (i) all security interests and other Liens granted under the Guaranty and Security Agreement are in full force and effect, are perfected (assuming the Administrative Agent is retaining possession of the stock certificates delivered in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement and the financing statements filed in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement have not been terminated) and are enforceable in accordance with the terms of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, and (ii) all other representations and warranties of the Grantors as set forth in the Guaranty and Security Agreement are true and correct in all material respects, except for any representations  
  
   Exhibit 3.1(b)(iii) 
  - 1 - 

and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. 
    
    Section     References to Credit Agreement  .  Each Grantor acknowledges and agrees that, from and after the Closing Date (as defined in the Restated Credit Agreement), all references in the Guaranty and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to and mean the Restated Credit Agreement, as the same may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
    
    Section     Governing Law  .  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED, AND TO BE FULLY PERFORMED, IN SUCH STATE, AND WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. 
    
    Section     Counterparts; Successors and Assigns  .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and by any Grantor in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which, taken together, shall be one instrument, and shall be binding on all parties and their successor and assignors. 
    
    Section     Defined Terms  .  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement have the respective meanings given them in the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Restated Credit Agreement, as applicable. 

[Signatures on Next Page] 
  
   Exhibit 3.1(b)(iii) 
  - 2 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Grantor has executed and delivered this Reaffirmation of Guaranty and Security Agreement as of the date first above written. 
    
  GRANTORS  : 
    
  COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE OP, LP 

By: _____________________________________     
       Name:_________________________________     
       Title: __________________________________     

COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST INCORPORATED 

By: _____________________________________     
       Name: ________________________________     
       Title: _________________________________     

CHCT ALABAMA, LLC 
  CHCT ARIZONA, LLC 
  CHCT COLORADO, LLC 
  CHCT FLORIDA, LLC 
  CHCT GEORGIA, LLC 
  CHCT IDAHO, LLC  
  CHCT ILLINOIS, LLC 
  CHCT KANSAS, LLC 
  CHCT KENTUCKY, LLC 
  CHCT LENDING, LLC 
  CHCT MARYLAND, LLC  
  CHCT MISSISSIPPI, LLC 
  CHCT OHIO, LLC 
  CHCT PENNSYLVANIA, LLC 
  CHCT SOUTH CAROLINA, LLC 
  CHCT TENNESSEE, LLC 
  CHCT TEXAS, LLC 
  CHCT VIRGINIA, LLC 
  CHCT WISCONSIN, LLC 
  COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST, LLC 

By: ______________________________________     
       Name: _________________________________     
       Title: __________________________________     
    
  [Signatures Continue on Next Page] 

Exhibit 3.1(b)(iii) 
  - 3 - 

COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST SERVICES, INC. 

By: ______________________________________     
       Name: _________________________________     
       Title: ___________________________________     

Exhibit 3.1(b)(iii) 
  - 4 - 

EXHIBIT 3.1(b)(iv)  
    
  FORM OF SECRETARY'S CERTIFICATE OF [________________]     
  The undersigned, being the [Assistant] Secretary of [____], a [____] (the    Company   ) does hereby deliver this certificate pursuant to Section 3.1(b)(iv) of that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as Borrower, Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation, as REIT Guarantor, the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent (together with its successors and assigns, the    Administrative Agent   ) for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.   
  The undersigned, in [his/her] capacity as the [Assistant] Secretary of the Company, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 
  (a)  attached hereto as   Exhibit A   is a true, correct, and complete certified copy of the [Articles][Certificate] of [Incorporation][Formation] of the Company, certified by the Secretary of State of the State of [____], and such [Articles][Certificate] of [Incorporation][Formation] of the Company have not otherwise been modified, amended, rescinded or revoked and are in full force and effect as of the date hereof; 
  (b)  attached hereto as   Exhibit B   is a true, correct, and complete copy of the [bylaws][operating agreement][code of regulations] of the Company as in effect on the date hereof; 
  (c)  attached hereto as   Exhibit C   is a true, correct, and complete copy of the resolutions duly adopted by the [Board of Directors][Members][Managers] of the Company on _________, 2016, which resolutions are the only resolutions adopted by the [Board of Directors][Members][Managers] of the Company or any committee thereof relating to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Company is a party and the transactions contemplated therein, and have not been revoked, amended, supplemented or modified and are in full force and effect on the date hereof;  
  (d)  no proceedings have been instituted or are pending or contemplated with respect to the dissolution, liquidation or sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company or threatening its existence or the forfeiture or any of its corporate rights; and 
  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; 
  continued on following pages.] 

Exhibit 3.1(b)(iv) 
  - 1 - 

(e)  each of the persons named below is a duly elected and qualified officer of the Company holding the respective office set forth opposite his or her name and the signature set forth opposite of each such person is his or her genuine signature and each such person is authorized to execute and deliver the Loan Documents: 
    
                   Name 
    Title 
    Specimen Signature 
        
  [Include all officers who are signing the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Documents.] 
      
    _________________________ 

_________________________ 

_________________________ 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; 
  continued on following page.] 
  
   Exhibit 3.1(b)(iv) 
  - 2 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto signed my name as [Assistant] Secretary of [COMPANY] and not in an individual capacity this ___ day of [__________], 2016. 

By:  ________________________________  
  Name:   
  Title: [Assistant] Secretary 

I, _____________,   [Title]   of the Company, do hereby certify that _______________ has been duly elected, is duly qualified and is the [Assistant] Secretary of the Company, that the signature set forth above is his/her genuine signature. 

By: ________________________________  
  Name:   
  Title:   

Exhibit 3.1(b)(iv) 
  - 3 - 

EXHIBIT 3.1(b)(vii) 
    
  FORM OF OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE 
  Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent (together with its successors and assigns, the    Administrative Agent   ) for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  This certificate is being delivered pursuant to Section 3.1(b)(vii) of the Credit Agreement. 
  We, [____________], the Chief Financial Officer of [the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower] and [______________], the [_____________] of [the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower], DO HEREBY CERTIFY that, after giving effect to the funding of any initial Revolving Borrowing and the issuance of any initial Letters of Credit under the Credit Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated to occur on the Closing Date (including the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents): 
    
           (a) 
    no Default or Event of Default exists; 
       
           (b) 
    all representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifier, in all respects); and 
       
           (c) 
    each Loan Party is Solvent. 
       
  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; 
  continued on following page.] 
  
   Exhibit 3.1(b)(vii) 
  - 1 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto signed our names in our capacities as Chief Financial Officer and [__________], respectively, of [the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower], and not in any individual capacity this ____ day of [_______], 2016. 
  By:    __________________________  
  Name:    __________________________ 
  Title:     Chief Financial Officer of  
  [____________] 
    
  By:    ___________________________  
  Name:     ___________________________ 
  Title:      [____________] of 
  [____________] 

Exhibit 3.1(b)(vii) 
  - 2 - 

EXHIBIT 5.1(c) 
    
  FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  SunTrust Bank,  
      as Administrative Agent  
      for the Lenders referred to below  
  3333 Peachtree Road / 7th Floor 
  Atlanta, Georgia 30326 
  Attention: Community Healthcare Trust Account Manager 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
  Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), by and among Community Healthcare OP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the    Borrower   ), Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated, a Maryland corporation (the    REIT Guarantor   ), the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (   Lenders   ), SunTrust Bank (together with its successors and assigns, the    Administrative Agent   ), as Administrative Agent for the Lenders, and the other parties thereto.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.   
  I, ______________ , being the duly elected and qualified, and acting in my capacity as Chief Financial Officer of [the REIT Guarantor and the Borrower], hereby certify to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as follows: 
  1.  As of the date hereof, there exists no Default or Event of Default.   [If a Default or an Event of Default does exist as of the date hereof, please specify the details thereof and the action the Borrower has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto]  . 
  2.  The consolidated financial statements of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries attached hereto for the fiscal   [quarter][year]   ended ____________ (the    Test Period   ) required pursuant to Section 5.1  [(a)] [(b)]   of the Credit Agreement present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the REIT Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal   [quarter][year]   on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and do not contain (a) a  going concern  or like qualification, exception or explanation or (b) any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit. 
  3.  The calculations set forth in   Attachment I   attached hereto are computations calculated from the financial statements referenced in clause 2 above in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement, showing in reasonable detail compliance with the Financial Covenants (whether or not the Financial Covenants are currently in effect). 
  4.  The calculations set forth in   Attachment II   attached hereto show in reasonable detail compliance with the Unencumbered Pool Covenants. 
    
  ____________________________ 
           1. 
    Insert (a) for annual financial statements. 
              2. 
     Insert (b) for quarterly financial statements. 

Exhibit 5.1(c) 
  - 1 - 

5.  No change in GAAP or the application thereof has occurred since the date of the Borrower s audited financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement.   [If any change has occurred, please specify the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying this certificate]  ]. 
  6.   [CHOOSE ONE: [Each Subsidiary of the REIT Guarantor as of the date hereof     is set forth on   Attachment III   hereto.] OR [The Subsidiaries of the REIT Guarantor have not changed since the Closing Date [or insert the date of the last Compliance Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent that provided an update to the Subsidiary list].]]  . 
  7.  [For each Property that became an Unencumbered Pool Property during the Fiscal Quarter most recently ended, attached hereto is an investment summary of such Property and such other documents, reports and other information requested by the Administrative Agent.] 
  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
  
   Exhibit 5.1(c) 
  - 2 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed my name to this Compliance Certificate as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and not in an individual capacity this ____ day of ______________, 20__. 
    
  By:    __________________________  
  Name:    __________________________ 
  Title:     Chief Financial Officer of  
  [____________] 
  
   Exhibit 5.1(c) 
  - 3 - 

Attachment I 
    
  {Borrower to attach calculations of all Financial Covenants} 
  
   Exhibit 5.1(c) 
  - 4 - 

Attachment II 
    
  {Borrower to attach calculations of Unencumbered Pool Covenants} 

Exhibit 5.1(c) 
  - 5 - 

[Attachment III 
    
  {Borrower to attach updated Subsidiary list}] 

Exhibit 5.1(c) 
  - 6 - 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 chct-2016930xexhibitx311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated 
  Quarterly Certification 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Timothy G. Wallace, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              c) 
    Disclosed in this report, any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 10, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Timothy G. Wallace 
        
    Timothy G. Wallace 
        
    Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 chct-2016930xexhibitx312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated 
  Quarterly Certification 
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, W. Page Barnes, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              c) 
    Disclosed in this report, any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 10, 2016    
                   
    /s/ W. Page Barnes 
        
    W. Page Barnes 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 chct-2016930xexhibitx321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated 
  Certification Pursuant to  
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  
  as Adopted Pursuant to  
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated (the "Company") for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Timothy G. Wallace, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, and I, W. Page Barnes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date:   November 10, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Timothy G. Wallace 
        
    Timothy G. Wallace 
        
    Chief Executive Officer and President 

/s/ W. Page Barnes 
        
    W. Page Barnes 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 chct-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 chct-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 chct-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 chct-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 chct-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 chct-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

