<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1419582_0001387131-16-008125_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1939747</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76884</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>145416</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>318079</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>761724</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>593447</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-008125.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121173225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-008125
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLUE SPHERE CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001419582
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				980550257
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55127
		FILM NUMBER:		162011236

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 MCCULLOUGH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-909-2806

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 MCCULLOUGH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blue Sphere Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jin Jie Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-008125.txt : 20161122

10-Q/A
 1
 blsp-10qa_063016.htm
 AMENDMENT TO FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  

   FORM
10-Q/A   

  (Amendment No. 1)  

For the quarterly period ended June 30,
2016 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT   

 For the transition period from _________
to ________ 

 Commission File No.   000-55127   

Blue Sphere Corporation    
 
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada   
     
          98-0550257    
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
     (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.)  

301 McCullough
        Drive, 4th Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28262    
 
     (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)  

704-909-2806    
 
     (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes         No      

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

 Yes         No      

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes         No      

 State the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common equity as of the latest practicable date: As of August 1, 2016 ,
there were 242,966,884 sh ares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
       
     2  

ITEM 1.  
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
       
     2  

ITEM 2.  
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
       
     16  

ITEM 3.  
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
       
     19  

ITEM 4.  
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
       
     20  
 
      PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
       
     21  

ITEM 1.  
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
       
     21  

ITEM 1A.  
      RISK FACTORS  
       
     21  

ITEM 2.  
      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
       
     21  

ITEM 3.  
      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
       
     22  

ITEM 4.  
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
       
     22  

ITEM 5.  
      OTHER INFORMATION  
       
     22  

ITEM 6.  
      EXHIBITS  
       
     23  
 
      SIGNATURES  
       
     24  

Our unaudited financial statements
are stated in United States dollars (U.S. $) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
( GAAP ). In this quarterly report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States
Dollars.  

  As used in this quarterly report,
the terms  we ,  us ,  our ,  Blue Sphere  or the  Company  mean Blue
Sphere Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless the context clearly requires otherwise.  

    EXPLANATORY
NOTE    

  On May 18, 2015, Blue Sphere filed
a Current Report on Form 8-K reporting that it had entered into an agreement to acquire one hundred percent (100%) of the share
capital of four entities, Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l (collectively, the  SPVs ),
that own and operate anaerobic digestion biogas plants for the production of electricity located in Italy (the  May Form
8-K ). The closing of the acquisition of the SPVs was subject to certain conditions precedent, as more fully described in
the May Form 8-K, but which included obtaining consent from the acquired parties  creditor to the acquisition and the resulting
change of control, and securing a mezzanine loan facility. Upon attainment of the conditions precedent, the Company closed the
acquisition of the SPVs on December 14, 2015 and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K on December 17, 2015 reporting that it had
consummated the acquisition of the SPVs.  

  On August 8, 2016, the Company filed
a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period from April 1, 2016 to June 30, 2016, 2016 (the  Quarterly Report ).
As explained in the Quarterly Report, the interim financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Quarterly Report (the
 Quarterly Report Financial Statements ), the Company accounted for the acquisition of the SPVs using the purchase
method of accounting. Under this method, the Company allocated the purchase price to tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition, with the excess of the purchase price amount being
allocated to goodwill.  

  The Company is filing this
Amendment No. 1 (this  amendment ) on Form 10-Q/A to (i) file interim financial statements for the period from
April 1, 2016 to June 30, 2016 to reflect the restatement of its consolidated financial statements for the period from April
1, 2016 to June 30, 2016 due to the application of the equity method of accounting for the investments in Agricerere S.r.l.,
Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l. The Company applied the equity method because the Framework EBITDA
Guarantee Agreement between the SPVs and Austep whereby Austep operates, maintains and supervises each biogas plant, prevents
the Company from exercising a controlling influence over operating policies of the plants. Under this method, our equity
investment is reflected as an investment in non-consolidated subsidiaries on our Condensed Balance Sheets and the net
earnings or losses of the investments is reflected as equity in net earnings of non-consolidated companies on our
Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company believes that, while the financial statements reflect substantial
modifications, the revenues and expenses previously reported are now reflected in a line item for the Company s
non-consolidated wholly-owned subsidiaries and the modifications result in no impact to the Company s operational
results. Therefore the modifications are substantially a matter of presentation.  

  In addition, this
amendment includes modifications (i) to reflect the interest expense on the unpaid balance of the Purchase Price due the
acquisition of the SPVs, (ii) to reclassify the proceeds from an offering which were previously recorded as current liability
as proceeds on account of shares in Shareholders Deficiency, (iii)  to reflect the effects of accounting and reporting
errors in calculation of issuance of shares and issuance of shares for services, and (iv) to amend our disclosure in Part I,
Item 4  Controls and Procedures,  of the Original Report to change the conclusions of our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
the end of the fiscal quarter ended June  30, 2016 in light of management s conclusion that the Company s
internal control over financial reporting contained a material weakness at June  30, 2016 which will be remediated by
the end of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. These accounting and reporting errors and the related adjustments
resulted in an overstatement of net loss of $522 thousand for the period from January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016 and an
understatement of additional paid-in capital of $527 thousand, an overstatement of accumulated other comprehensive income of
$38 thousand and overstatement of accumulated deficit of $531 thousand as of June 31, 2016.   

   Except as described above,
this Amendment No. 2 on Form 10-Q/A does not amend any other information set forth in the Quarterly Report. However, for the convenience
of the reader, this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A restates in its entirety, as amended, the Quarterly Report. This Amendment
No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A is presented as of the filing date of the Quarterly Report and does not reflect events occurring after that
date, or modify or update information in the Quarterly Report, except as described above.  

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  

  BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

  INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  AS OF JUNE 30, 2016  

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(U.S. dollars in thousands except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(U.S. dollars in thousands except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
(U.S. dollars in thousands except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   
  STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  DEFICIENCY (UNAUDITED) 
(U.S. dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(U.S. dollars in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

   NOTES TO CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

  NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

 The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited annual consolidated financial statements
and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present
fairly the financial position and results of operations of Blue Sphere Corporation (the  Company ). These condensed
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are unaudited and should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited
financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015, as filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission. The results of operations for the six and three months ended June 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of results that could be expected for the entire fiscal year. 

  NOTE 2   GENERAL  

 Blue Sphere Corporation
( the Company ), together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Eastern Sphere Ltd. ( Eastern ), Binosphere
LLC ( Binosphere ), Johnstonsphere LLC ( Johnstonsphere ), and Sustainable Energy Ltd. ( SEL ),
is focused on project integration in the clean energy production and waste to energy markets. 

 The Company was incorporated in
the state of Nevada on July 17, 2007 and was originally in the business of developing and promoting automotive internet sites.
On February 17, 2010, the Company conducted a reverse merger, name change and forward split of its common stock, and in March 2010
current management took over operations, at which point the Company changed its business focus to become a project integrator in
the clean energy production and waste to energy markets. 

 As of June 30, 2016, Johnstonsphere
had not commenced operations. 

 On May 12, 2015 the Company formed
Bluesphere Pavia (formerly called Bluesphere Italy S.r.l.). Italy S.r.l, a subsidiary of Eastern in order to acquire certain biogas
plants located in Italy (see note 3 below). 

  NOTE 3   INVESTMENT IN BLUE SPHERE PAVIA  

  On August 18, 2015, the
Company and two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Eastern and Bluesphere Pavia, entered into a Long Term Mezzanine Loan Agreement
(the  Helios Loan Agreement ) with Helios Italy Bio-Gas 1 L.P. ( Helios ). Under the Helios Loan Agreement,
Helios will make up to $5,646,628 ( 5,000,000) available to Bluesphere Pavia (the  Helios Loan ) to finance (a)
ninety percent (90%) of the total required investment of the first four SVPs acquired, (b) eighty percent (80%) of the total required
investment of up to three SVPs subsequently acquired, (c) certain broker fees incurred in connection with the acquisitions, and
(d) any taxes associated with registration of an equity pledge agreement (as described below). Each financing of an SVP acquisition
will be subject to specified conditions precedent and will constitute a separate loan under the Helios Loan Agreement. Helios
may, within 90 days of a closing, require repayment of ten percent (10%) of the relevant loan and broker fees. If no such repayment
is required, Helios may reduce the amount of its commitment to finance the acquisitions of the three additional SVPs to seventy
to eighty percent (70-80%) of the total required investment. Helios s commitment to provide any loan under the Helios Loan
Agreement that is not utilized by June 30, 2016 will automatically cancel, unless extended in writing by Helios. Subject to specified
terms, representations and warranties, the Helios Loan Agreement provides that each loan thereunder will accrue interest at a
rate of 14.5% per annum, paid quarterly. Helios will also be entitled to an annual operation fee, paid quarterly. The final payment
for each loan will become due no later than the earlier of (a) thirteen and one half years from the date such loan was made available
to Bluesphere Pavia, and (b) the date that the Feed in Tariff license granted to the relevant SVP expires. Pursuant to the Helios
Loan Agreement and an equity pledge agreement, Eastern Sphere pledged all its shares in Bluesphere Pavia to secure all loan amounts
utilized under the Helios Loan Agreement.  

  On December 14, 2015 ( Closing
Date ), and pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 14, 2015 (the  Share Purchase Agreement ), by
and among the Company s indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Bluesphere Pavia, and Volteo Energie S.p.A., Agriholding S.r.l.,
and Overland S.r.l. (collectively, the  Sellers ), Bluesphere Pavia completed the acquisitions of one hundred percent
(100%) of the share capital of Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l. (each, an  SPV 
and collectively, the  SPVs ) from the Sellers. Each SPV owns and operates an anaerobic digestion biogas plant in
Italy for the production and sale of electricity to Gestore del Servizi Energetici GSE, S.p.A., a state-owned company, pursuant
to a power purchase agreement. Pursuant to the Italy Projects Agreement, the Company also issued a corporate guarantee to the
Sellers, whereby the Company will secure the obligations of Bluesphere Pavia under the Italy Projects Agreement.  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

  NOTE 3   INVESTMENT IN BLUE SPHERE PAVIA (continued)  

  Pursuant to the Share Purchase
Agreement, the Company to pay $5,646,628 ( 5,200,000) (the  Purchase Price ), subject to certain post-closing
adjustments, to acquire the share capital of the SPVs. The Purchase Price for each SPV was determined based on a Base Line EBITDA
guaranteed by the Sellers and an Equity IRR Target calculated on the Purchase Price of no less than twenty-five percent (25%).
Fifty percent (50%) of the Purchase Price, adjusted for certain post-closing adjustments and closing costs, in the amount of $2,143,181
( 1,952,858) was paid at closing, and the balance is due to the Sellers on the third anniversary of the closing date. The
remaining fifty percent (50%) of the Purchase Price, prior to and after closing date, and any variation of EBITDA results in the
18 months following the closing date , will be promised by a note from each Seller, to be paid on the third anniversary of the
closing, along with interest on the unpaid balance due at an annual rate of two percent (2%). The portion of the Purchase Price
paid at closing was primarily financed by a loan of $3,149,081 ( 2,900,000) pursuant to the Helios Loan Agreement whereas
the Company repaid $342,192 ( 310,204) during the six months ended June 30, 2016.  

 In accordance with a Framework
EBITDA Guarantee Agreement, dated July 17, 2015 (the  EBITDA Agreement ), between the Company and Austep S.p.A. ( Austep ),
Austep will operate, maintain and supervise each biogas plant owned by the SPVs. In addition, Austep will guarantee a monthly
aggregate EBITDA of $204,147 ( 188,000) from the four SPVs for the initial six months following the acquisition, and thereafter
Austep will guarantee an annual aggregate EBITDA of $4,082,946 ( 3,760,000) from the four SPVs. Pursuant to the terms of
the agreements with Austep, the Company will receive the guaranteed levels of EBITDA and Austep will receive ninety (90%)
of the revenue in excess of these levels. 

  The Company applied the equity
method of accounting for those investments because the Framework EBITDA Guarantee Agreement between the Company and Austep S.p.A.
( Austep ) whereas Austep operates, maintains and supervises each biogas plants prevents us from exercising a controlling
influence over operating policies of the plants. Under this method, our equity investment is reflected as an investment in non-consolidated
subsidiaries on our Condensed Balance Sheets and the net earnings or losses of the investments is reflected as equity in net earnings
of non-consolidated companies on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

  NOTE 4   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

 The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2016 and for the six and three months then ended have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States relating to the preparation of financial statements for interim
periods. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required for annual financial statements. In the opinion
of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the six and three months ended June 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that
may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

 The September 30, 2015 Condensed
Balance Sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial
statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

  NOTE 5   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

 The significant accounting policies
applied in the annual financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2015, are applied consistently in these financial
statements except for the following: 

a.      Business combinations and Goodwill      

  The Company accounts for its
business combinations using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the Company allocates the purchase price to
tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition, with
the excess of the purchase price amount being allocated to goodwill. Acquisition-related and integration costs associated to the
business combination are expensed as incurred. Changes in estimates associated with future income tax assets after measurement
period are recognized as income tax expense with prospective application to all business combinations regardless of the date of
acquisition. Goodwill for each reporting unit is assessed for impairment at least annually, or when an event or circumstance occurs
that more likely than not reduces the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recorded
when the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value and is determined as the difference between the goodwill s
carrying amount and its implied fair value.  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

  NOTE 5   SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

b.        Investment
                                         in non-consolidated and affiliated companies      

  Investments in non-consolidated
and affiliated companies that are not controlled but over which the Company can exercise significant influence (generally, entities
in which the Company holds approximately between 20% to 100% of the voting rights of the investee) are presented using the equity
method of accounting. Profits on intercompany sales, not realized outside the Company, are eliminated. The Company discontinues
applying the equity method when its investment (including advances and loans) is reduced to zero and the Company has not guaranteed
obligations of the affiliate or otherwise committed to provide further financial support to the affiliate.  

  Investments in preferred
shares, which are not in substance common stock, are recorded on a cost basis according to ASC 323-10-15-13,  Investments
- Equity Method and Joint Ventures - In-substance Common Stock  and ASC 323-10-40-1,  Investment -Equity Method and
Joint Ventures - Investee Capital Transactions .  

  A change in the Company s
proportionate share of an investee s equity, resulting from issuance of common or in-substance common shares by the investee
to third parties, is recorded as a gain or loss in the consolidated income statements in accordance with ASC 323-10-40-1.  

  Investments in non-marketable
equity securities of entities in which the Company does not have control or the ability to exercise significant influence over
their operation and financial policies, are recorded at cost (generally when the Company holds less than 20% of the voting rights).  

  Management evaluates investments
in affiliated companies, partnerships and other non-marketable equity securities for evidence of other-than-temporary declines
in value. Such evaluation is dependent on the specific facts and circumstances. Accordingly, in determining whether other-than-temporary
declines exist, management evaluates various indicators for other-than-temporary declines and evaluates financial information
(e.g. budgets, business plans, financial statements, etc.). During 2015 and 2014, no material impairment was recognized.  

c.       Intangible Assets     

 Intangible assets consist of non-monetary
and separately identifiable assets, which can be controlled and are expected to generate future economic benefits. Such assets
are recognized at acquisition and/or production cost, including directly attributable expenses to make the asset ready for use,
net of accumulated amortization charges and any impairment losses. The costs incurred internally to develop new services and platforms
are considered intangible assets generated internally and are recognized as assets only if the following requirements are met: 

1.  the cost incurred for the development of the assets can be reliably measured;   

2.  the entity has the intention, the availability of financial resources, the ability to complete
the assets and to use or sell them;   

Capitalized development costs
include only expenses incurred that can be directly attributed to the process of developing new products and services. 

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

  NOTE 5   SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

 Intangible assets with a finite
useful life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives and are tested for impairment when circumstances indicate
that the carrying value may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for intangible assets with a finite
useful lives are reviewed at least at each reporting date. 

 Changes in expected useful lives,
or in the way the future economic benefits will be generated by the assets, are either recognized through a change in the period
or in the amortization method and are accounted for as changes in accounting estimates. The amortization charges for intangible
assets with a finite useful life are classified in the statement of income, in the costs appropriate for the function of the related
intangible assets. 

d.       Long-Lived Assets     

 When events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets, such as capital assets and intangible assets, may not be recoverable, undiscounted
estimated cash flows are projected over their remaining term and compared to the carrying amount. To the extent that such projections
indicate that future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying amounts of related assets, a charge is
recorded to reduce the carrying amount to the projected future discounted cash flows. 

NOTE 6   GOING CONCERN  

  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going
concern. As of June 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $533,000 in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $10,525,000 in
negative working capital, a stockholders  deficit of approximately $8,320,000 and an accumulated deficit of approximately
$51,385,000. Management anticipates their business will require substantial additional investments that have not yet been secured.
Management is continuing in the process of fund raising in the private equity markets as the Company will need to finance future
activities. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions
and revenue from operations. These unaudited financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability
to obtain additional financing as may be required and ultimately to attain profitability.  

  NOTE 7   NEWLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

 No new accounting standards have
been adopted since the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 was filed. 

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

  NOTE 8   COMMON SHARES  

 On January 26, 2016, the Company
issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a subscription agreement dated June 12, 2015. 

  On February 1, 2016 the Company issued 540,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting
services for the Company. The Company has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $108,327.  

 In February 2016, the Company
conducted an offering (the  February Offering ) consisting of (a) up to USD $1,925,000 of the Company s shares
of common stock, par value $0.001 per share ( Common Stock ), priced at the closing price for shares of Common Stock,
as reported on the OTCQB Venture Marketplace, on the trading day prior to the closing of the February Offering, and (b) 5-year
warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock in an amount equal to 50% of the number of shares of Common Stock so purchased by the
subscriber (the  February Warrants , together with the shares of Common Stock subscribed for, the  February Securities ).
The February Securities have been offered pursuant to subscription agreements with each investor (the  February Subscription
Agreement ). In addition to other customary provisions, each February Subscription Agreement provides that the Company will
use its reasonable commercial efforts to register all shares of Common Stock sold in the February Offering, including all shares
of Common Stock underlying the February Warrants, within 60 days of the closing of the February Offering. The February Warrants
are exercisable for 5 years from the date of issuance at $0.10 per share, include an option by which the holder may exercise the
February Warrant by means of a cashless exercise, and include customary weighted-average price adjustment and anti-dilution terms.
On February 15, 2016, the Company completed the only closing of the February Offering, representing aggregate gross proceeds to
the Company of $1,925,000. In connection with the closing, the Company and subscribers entered into (a) February Subscription Agreements
for, in the aggregate, 35,000,000 shares of Common Stock at $0.055 per share, and (b) February Warrants to purchase, in the aggregate,
up to 17,500,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. The warrants were accounted for as derivative
liabilities. The Company has estimated the fair value of such warrants at a value of $933,358 at the date of issuance and using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

The Company engaged Maxim Group
LLC ( Maxim ) to assist in the February Offering. Pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter between Maxim and the
Company, Maxim received commissions equal to 7% of the gross proceeds raised by Maxim in the February Offering, warrants to purchase,
in the aggregate, up to 2,800,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0605 per share and to purchase, in the aggregate,
up to 1,400,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.11 per share. The Company has estimated the fair value of such
warrants at a value of $224,413 at the date of issuance and using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

On March 15, 2016, the Company
issued 85,000 shares of Common Stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting services for the Company. The Company has estimated
the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $5,685.  

  On April 13, 2016, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company to a consultant in consideration
for corporate finance, investor communications and financial and investor public relations services. The Company has estimated
the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $72,733.  

  On June 13, 2016 and per the
consulting agreement the Company issued an additional 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock as a service bonus since the agreement
was not terminated prior to June 9, 2016. The Company has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of
$89,000.  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

  NOTE 8   COMMON SHARES (continued)  

  On April 13, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 875,000 shares of our Common Stock to a consultant, pursuant
to consulting agreements dated September 1, 2015 and March 1, 2016, in consideration for investor relations and communications
services. The Company has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $42,467.  

 On May 18, 2016, a 1.5-year warrant
to purchase shares of Common Stock, dated May 4, 2015, was exercised into 700,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
$0.058 per share, for total consideration of $40,235. 

  On June 2, 2016, we issued
13,930,742 shares of our Common Stock in consideration of $145,525 pursuant to all but one of the July 2015 Offering Subscription
Agreements, with the issuance of the remaining 7,658,129 shares of our Common Stock currently in process.  

  On June 13, 2016, the Company
issued 7,103,467 shares of Common Stock to several officers, directors, employees and/or consultants of the Company.
All shares were issued pursuant to the Company s Global Share and Options Incentive Enhancement Plan (2014) (the  2014
Incentive Plan ) and the Company s Global Share Incentive Plan (2010). The Company has estimated and recorded the
fair value of such shares as an expense of $632,208 which was recorded through the vesting periods.  

  On June 26, 2016, the Company
issued 500,000 shares of Common Stock in order to complete its obligations under the Share Purchase Agreement from 2014.  

  NOTE 9   WARRANTS, DEBENTURES AND NOTES  

   Senior
Debentures Offering   

 Beginning in November 2015, the
Company conducted an offering (the  Debenture Offering ) of up to $3,000,000 of the Company s Senior Debentures
(the  Debentures ) and warrants (the  Debenture Offering Warrants , together with the  Debentures ,
the  Debenture Offering Securities ) to purchase up to 8,000,000 shares of Common Stock in proportion to each Subscriber s
subscription amount relative to the total offering amount, with 50% of the Debenture Offering Warrants exercisable at a price per
share of $0.05 and the other 50% of the Debenture Offering Warrants exercisable at price per share of $0.075. 

 The Debentures bear interest at
11%, paid quarterly, and mature in two years. The Debentures are secured by a pledge agreement between the Company and each investor,
whereby the Company pledged as collateral up to 49% of its shares of common stock in Eastern Sphere, Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary
(the  Pledge Agreement ). The Pledge Agreement further provides that the Company s obligations under the Debentures
rank senior to all other indebtedness of Blue Sphere Corporation, but are subordinate to all indebtedness and liabilities of its
subsidiaries and project-level operating entities. The Debenture Offering Warrants are exercisable for 5 years from the date of
issuance, with 50% exercisable at $0.05 per share and 50% exercisable at $0.075 per share 

 The November 2015 Warrants were
accounted for as derivative liabilities. The Company has estimated the fair value of such warrants at a value of $208,597 at the
date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

  NOTE 9   WARRANTS, DEBENTURES
AND NOTES (continued)  

 The Debenture Offering Securities
were offered pursuant to subscription agreements with each investor (the  Debenture Offering Subscription Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Debenture Offering Subscription Agreements, the investors in the Debenture Offering shall have the right to collectively
designate one observer or member to the Company s Board of Directors. 

 On December 23, 2015, the Company
completed the closing of the Debenture Offering and entered into Debenture Offering Subscription Agreements with investors representing
aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $3,000,000. 

 The Company engaged Maxim Group
LLC to assist in the Debenture Offering. Pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter between Maxim and the Company, Maxim received
commissions equal to 7% of the gross proceeds raised by Maxim in the Debenture Offering and warrants to purchase, in the aggregate,
up to 4,480,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.06875 per share. The Company has estimated the fair value of
such warrants at a value of $116,599 at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

On February 3, 2016, the Company
issued 3-year warrants to purchase up to 1,500,000 shares of Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.06 per share,
in full satisfaction of certain obligations of the Company.  

  The Company has estimated
the fair value of such warrants at a value of $87,331 at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using
the following assumptions:  

Changes in the fair value
of the warrants are recorded as interest expenses  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

  NOTE 10   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

 In June and July 2016, we conducted
an offering (the  June Offering ) consisting of (a) up to USD $3,000,000 of our shares of Common Stock, priced at the
closing price for shares of Common Stock, as reported on the OTCQB Venture Marketplace on the trading day prior to each respective
closing of the June Offering, and (b) five-year warrants (the  June Warrants , together with the shares of Common Stock
subscribed for, the  June Securities ) to purchase shares of Common Stock in an amount equal to one hundred percent
(100%) of the number of shares of Common Stock so purchased by the subscriber, with an exercise price equal to the per share price
of the Common Stock or $0.011 per share, whichever is greater. The June Offering consisted of one or more closings, with the last
closing to occur on or before July 26, 2016, or as extended by the Company in is sole discretion. The June Securities were offered
pursuant to subscription agreements with each subscriber (the  June Subscription Agreement ). In addition to other
customary provisions, each June Subscription Agreement provides that the Company will use its reasonable commercial efforts to
register all shares of Common Stock sold in the June Offering, including all shares of Common Stock underlying the June Warrants,
within twenty (20) days of the final closing of the June Offering. Each June Subscription Agreement also provides that if, during
the period beginning on the date of the first closing of the June Offering and ending on the six month anniversary thereof, the
Company completes (a) a subsequent closing of the June Offering or (b) a public or private offering and sale of USD $1,000,000
or more of Common Stock or warrants to purchase Common Stock, where such subsequent closing or offering, as applicable, provides
for material deal terms and conditions more favorable than are contained in such June Subscription Agreement, then the June Subscription
Agreement will be deemed modified to provide the applicable subscriber with the more favorable deal terms and conditions, and the
Company will take all reasonable steps necessary to amend the June Securities and/or issue new securities to the applicable subscriber
reflecting such more favorable material deal terms and conditions (the  June MFN Rights ). The June Warrants are exercisable
for five years from the date of issuance, include an option by which the holder may exercise the June Warrant by means of a cashless
exercise, and include customary weighted-average price adjustment and anti-dilution terms. 

 On July 26, 2016, the Company
completed closings of the June Offering, both such closings representing aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of USD $1,370,000.
In connection with both closings, the Company and subscribers entered into (a) June Subscription Agreements for 18,266,668 shares
of Common Stock at $0.075 per share, and (b) June Warrants to purchase up to 18,266,668 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price
of $0.11 per share. The subscriber in the July 7, 2016 closing received an adjustment to its June Securities pursuant to its June
MFN Rights. The June Offering ended on July 26, 2016. 

 The Company engaged Maxim Group
LLC to assist in the June Offering. Pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter between Maxim and the Company, in connection
with both closings, Maxim received commissions equal to 4.44% of the gross proceeds raised, warrants to purchase up to 928,000
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0825 per share, and warrants to purchase up to 928,000 shares of Common Stock
at an exercise price of $0.121 per share.  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

 You should read the following discussion
and analysis in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Part
I, Item 1 of this quarterly report. 

  Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

 This report contains forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or our future financial performance. In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,
 plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential 
or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks set out below, any of which may cause
our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks include, without limitation, (i) uncertainties regarding our ability to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis, including
financing for specific projects, (ii) the financial and operating performance of our projects, (iii) uncertainties regarding the
market for and value of carbon credits, renewable energy credits and other environmental attributes, (iv) political and governmental
risks associated with the countries in which we may operate, (v) unanticipated delays associated with project implementation, including
designing, constructing and equipping projects, as well as delays in obtaining required government permits and approvals, (vi)
the development stage of our business and (vii) our lack of operating history. 

 This list is not an exhaustive list of
the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully and readers
should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. 

 Forward-looking statements are made based
on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update
forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that
the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not
intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

  Company Overview  

   Summary of Current Operations   

 We are an international Independent Power
Producer (IPP) that is globally active in the clean energy production and waste-to-energy markets. We are becoming a key player
in these rapidly growing markets by developing or acquiring projects with clean energy technologies, including but not limited
to waste-to-energy facilities that generate clean energy, such as electricity, natural gas, heat, compost and other by-products.
These markets provide tremendous opportunity, insofar as there is a virtually endless supply of waste and organic material that
can be used to generate power and valuable by-products. In particular, the disposal of organic material to landfills in most parts
of the world is a costly problem with environmentally-damaging consequences. We seek to offer a cost-effective, environmentally-safe
alternative. 

 We are currently developing or operating,
as applicable, the following projects: 

  United States  

Charlotte, NC Waste to Energy Anaerobic Digester 5.2 MW Plant   

Johnston, RI Waste to Energy Anaerobic Digester 3.2 MW Plant   

  Italy  

Soc. agr. AGRICERERE srl   Tromello (Pavia) 999 KW Plant   

Soc. agr. AGRIELEKTRA srl   Alagna (Pavia) 999 KW Plant   

Soc. agr. AGRISORSE srl - Garlasco (Pavia) 999 KW Plant   

Soc. agr. GEFA srl   Dorno (Pavia) 999 KW Plant   

 We have also entered into nonbinding letters
of intent to acquire additional biogas facilities in Italy and construct and develop waste-to-energy facilities in the Netherlands,
and we continue to evaluate a pipeline of similar projects in a less mature phase. 

Results of Operations   

   General   

   On
December 14, 2015, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bluesphere Pavia completed the acquisitions of one hundred percent (100%) of the
share capital of Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l . (each, an  SPV  and collectively,
the  SPVs ). Each SPV owns and operates an anaerobic digestion biogas plant in Italy for the production and sale of
electricity to Gestore del Servizi Energetici GSE, S.p.A., a state-owned company, pursuant to a power purchase agreement. Our
results of operation and have been significantly affected by this transaction. The Company applied the equity method of accounting
for those investments because the Framework EBITDA Guarantee Agreement between the Company and Austep whereas Austep operates, maintains and supervises each biogas plants prevents us from exercising a controlling influence over
operating policies of the plants. Under this method, our equity investment is reflected as an investment in non-consolidated subsidiaries
on our Condensed Balance Sheets and the net earnings or losses of the investments is reflected as equity in net earnings of non-consolidated
companies on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.   

   Deferred Revenue   

  $1,481,900
 of development fees and reimbursements for the North Carolina and Rhode Island projects are recorded as deferred revenue.
Upon successful completion of the projects, this amount will be recorded as revenue. 

  Results of Operations   For
the Three Months Ended June 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015  

   General and Administrative Expenses   

  General and administrative expenses
for the three-month period ended June 30, 2016 were $2,423,000, as compared to $2,439,000 for the three-month period ended June
30, 2015.  

   Net Loss   

  We incurred a net loss of
$2,812,000 for the three-month period ended June 30, 2016, as compared to a net loss of $3,133,000 for the three-month period
ended June 30, 2015. The decrease in net loss is mainly attributable to decrease in our finance expense.  

  Results of Operations   For the Six Months Ended
June 30, 2016 Compared to the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  

   General and Administrative Expenses   

  General and administrative expenses
for the six-month period ended June 30, 2016 were $4,505,000, as compared to $3,450,000 for the six-month period ended June 30,
2015.  

   Net Loss   

  We incurred a net loss of $6,693,000 for the six-month period ended June 30, 2016, as compared to a net loss
of $4,944,000 for the six-month period ended June 30, 2015. The increase in net loss is mainly attributable to increase in Equity
losses in non-consolidated subsidiaries due to the acquisition of the SPVs by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bluesphere Pavia.  

  Inflation and Seasonality  

 In management s opinion, our results
of operations have not been materially affected by inflation or seasonality, and management does not expect that inflation risk
or seasonality would cause material impact on our operations in the future. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make assumptions, estimates
and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures
of commitments and contingencies, if any. We consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require the more significant
judgments and estimates in the preparation of financial statements. No new accounting standards have been adopted since the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 was filed. The significant accounting policies applied
in the annual financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2015 are applied consistently in these financial statements,
except for the following: 

a.      Business Combinations and Goodwill     

 The Company accounts for its business
combinations using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the Company allocates the purchase price to tangible and
intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition, with the excess of
the purchase price amount being allocated to goodwill. 

 Acquisition-related and integration
costs associated with the business combination are expensed as incurred. Changes in estimates associated with future income tax
assets after measurement period are recognized as income tax expense with prospective application to all business combinations
regardless of the date of acquisition. 

 Goodwill for each reporting unit
is assessed for impairment at least annually, or when an event or circumstance occurs that more likely than not reduces the fair
value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recorded when the carrying amount of the reporting
unit exceeds its fair value and is determined as the difference between the goodwill s carrying amount and its implied fair value. 

    b.           Investment
in non-consolidated and affiliated companies    

  Investments in non-consolidated
and affiliated companies that are not controlled but over which the Company can exercise significant influence (generally, entities
in which the Company holds approximately between 20% to 100% of the voting rights of the investee) are presented using the equity
method of accounting. Profits on intercompany sales, not realized outside the Company, are eliminated. The Company discontinues
applying the equity method when its investment (including advances and loans) is reduced to zero and the Company has not guaranteed
obligations of the affiliate or otherwise committed to provide further financial support to the affiliate.  

  Investments in preferred
shares, which are not in substance common stock, are recorded on a cost basis according to ASC 323-10-15-13,  Investments
- Equity Method and Joint Ventures - In-substance Common Stock  and ASC 323-10-40-1,  Investment -Equity Method and
Joint Ventures - Investee Capital Transactions .  

  A change in the Company s
proportionate share of an investee s equity, resulting from issuance of common or in-substance common shares by the investee
to third parties, is recorded as a gain or loss in the consolidated income statements in accordance with ASC 323-10-40-1.  

  Investments in non-marketable
equity securities of entities in which the Company does not have control or the ability to exercise significant influence over
their operation and financial policies, are recorded at cost (generally when the Company holds less than 20% of the voting rights).  

  Management evaluates investments
in affiliated companies, partnerships and other non-marketable equity securities for evidence of other-than-temporary declines
in value. Such evaluation is dependent on the specific facts and circumstances. Accordingly, in determining whether other-than-temporary
declines exist, management evaluates various indicators for other-than-temporary declines and evaluates financial information
(e.g. budgets, business plans, financial statements, etc.). During 2015 and 2014, no material impairment was recognized.  

c.           Intangible
Assets    

  Intangible assets consist
of non-monetary and separately identifiable assets, which can be controlled and are expected to generate future economic benefits.
Such assets are recognized at acquisition and/or production cost, including directly attributable expenses to make the asset ready
for use, net of accumulated amortization charges and any impairment losses. Intangible assets with a finite useful life are amortized
on a straight-line basis over their useful lives and are tested for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for intangible assets with a finite useful lives are reviewed
at least at each reporting date. (see Note 5 to the Financial Statements).  

    d.           Long-Lived
Assets    

  When events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets, such as capital assets and intangible assets, may not be
recoverable, undiscounted estimated cash flows are projected over their remaining term and compared to the carrying amount. To
the extent that such projections indicate that future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying amounts
of related assets, a charge is recorded to reduce the carrying amount to the projected future discounted cash flows.  

  Liquidity and Capital Resources  

 Liquidity is the ability of a company
to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis.
Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts
payable and capital expenditures. 

  As of June 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $533,000, as compared to $161,000 as of September
30, 2015. As of June 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of $10,525,000, as compared to $7,542,000 as of September 30, 2015.
The increase in our working capital deficit is mainly attributable to the increase in our deferred revenues from joint ventures
in the amount of $3,975,000, increase in our current maturities of long term loans in the amount of $320,000 and increase in our
accounts payables in the amount of $533,000. The increase in our working capital deficit was mitigated by an increase in our other
current assets in the amount of $1,621,000.  

  Net cash used in operating activities
was $2,842,000 for the six-month period ended June 30, 2016, as compared to cash from operating activities of $198,000 for the
six-month period ended June 30, 2015.  

  Net cash used in investing activities
was $60,000 for the six-month period ended June 30, 2016, as compared to net cash used in investing activities of $1,000 for the
six-month period ended June 30, 2015.  

  Net cash provided by financing activities
was approximately $1,408,000 for the six-month period ended June 30, 2016, as compared to approximately $48,000 used in financing
activities for the six-month period ended June 30, 2015.  

 We have principally financed our operations
through the sale of our common stock and warrants and the issuance of convertible debt, including the Debenture Offering, February
Offering and June Offering described in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly
report. 

  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

 As at June 30, 2016, we had no off-balance
sheet arrangements of any nature. 

    ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

 As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES.  

   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

 Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s
management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange
Act, the Company carried out an evaluation with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s
Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and the Company s Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) as of the three
months ended June 30, 2016. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that, as of the end of such period,
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that (i) information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and
principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Our management  management s
conclusion that the Company s internal control over financial reporting contained a material weakness at June  30,
2015 which will be remediated by the end of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 and   is in the process of determining
how best to change our current system and implement a more effective system to insure that information required to be disclosed
has been recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately. Our management acknowledges the existence of this issue, and
is developing procedures and controls to address it to the extent possible given limitations in financial and manpower resources.  

Changes in Internal Controls   

Our management, with the participation
of our CEO and CFO, performed an evaluation to determine whether any change in our internal controls over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the three-month period ended June 30, 2016. Based on that
evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that no change occurred in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting
during the three-month period ended June 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II -
OTHER INFORMATION  

    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  

 None. 

    ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.  

 As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information required by this item. 

    ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.  

   Unregistered sales of equity securities   

 On April 13, 2016, we issued 1,000,000
shares of common stock of the Company to a consultant in consideration for corporate finance, investor communications and financial
and investor public relations services. On June 13, 2016, pursuant to the consulting agreement, we issued an additional 1,000,000
shares of common stock as a service bonus since the agreement was not terminated prior to June 9, 2016. 

  On April 13, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 875,000 shares of our common stock to a consultant, pursuant
to consulting agreements dated September 1, 2015 and March 1, 2016, in consideration for investor relations and communications
services.  

 On May 18, 2016, a 1.5-year warrant to
purchase shares of common stock, dated May 4, 2015, was exercised into 700,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.058
per share, for total consideration of $40,235. 

 On June 2, 2016, we issued 13,930,742
shares of common stock in connection with an offering of common stock and pursuant to subscription agreements dated December 2,
2015, the proceeds of which were used to finance a portion of the acquisitions of one hundred percent (100%) of the SPVs. 

 On June 13, 2016, we issued 7,103,467
shares of common stock of the Company to several officers, directors, employees and/or consultants of the Company. All shares were
issued pursuant to the Company s Global Share and Options Incentive Enhancement Plan (2014) and the Company s Global
Share Incentive Plan (2010). 

 On June 26, 2016, we issued 500,000 shares
of common stock of the Company in full satisfaction of certain obligations under a subscription agreement. 

 The transactions described above were
exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), as transactions not involving
a public offering. 

   Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

 On June 17, 2015, our Board approved
a share repurchase program (the  Share Repurchase Program ). Under the Share Repurchase Program, we are authorized
to repurchase up to $500,000 worth of our common stock. We may purchase shares of our common stock on the open market or through
privately negotiated transactions from time-to-time and in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. We are not obligated
to make any purchases, including at any specific time or in any particular situation. The Share Repurchase Program may be limited
or terminated at any time without prior notice. 

 Our share repurchase activity during
the three months ended June 30, 2016 is presented in the table below. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  

 None. 

    ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  

 Not applicable. 

    ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.  

 On July 26, 2016, the Company completed
a closing of the June Offering, representing aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of USD $370,000. In connection with the closing,
the Company and subscribers entered into (a) June Subscription Agreements for an aggregate of 4,933,334 shares of common stock
at $0.075 per share, and (b) June Warrants to purchase up to 4,933,334 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.11 per
share. The subscriber in the July 7, 2016 closing also received an adjustment to its June Securities pursuant to its June MFN Rights,
in the amount of 833,334 additional shares of our common stock and June Warrants to purchase up to an additional 833,334 shares
of our common stock. 

 The June Offering ended on July 26, 2016,
resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of USD $1,370,000. In connection with all closings of the June Offering, the
Company and subscribers entered into, in the aggregate and as adjusted for the June MFN Rights, (a) June Subscription Agreements
for 18,266,668 shares of our common stock at $0.075 per share, and (b) June Warrants to purchase up to 18,266,668 shares of our
common stock at an exercise price of $0.11 per share. 

 The Company engaged Maxim Group LLC to
assist in the June Offering. Pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter between Maxim and the Company, in connection with both
closings, Maxim received commissions equal to 4.44% of the gross proceeds raised, warrants to purchase up to 928,000 shares of
Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0825 per share, and warrants to purchase up to 928,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of $0.121 per share. 

 The foregoing description of the June
Subscription Agreements and the June Warrants do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to
the full text of the forms of the June Subscription Agreement and June Warrant filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this quarterly
report, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference. 

The representations, warranties and covenants
contained in the June Subscription Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement and may be subject
to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the form of June Subscription Agreement is incorporated herein
by reference only to provide investors with information regarding its terms and not to provide investors with any other factual
information regarding the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Company s
periodic reports and other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.  

(1) 
     Incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2013.  
 
     (2) 
     Incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2015.  
 
     (3) 
     Incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8, 2016.  
 
     (4) 
     Incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2016.  
 
 * Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this quarterly report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

By: 
     /s/ Shlomi Palas  

President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 21, 2016   

By: 
     /s/ Ran Daniel  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

Date: November 21, 2016   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation 10-Q/A     

  Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION OF  
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

 I, Shlomi Palas, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 21, 2016  

/s/ Shlomi Palas 

Shlomi Palas 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation 10-Q/A     

  Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION OF  
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

 I, Ran Daniel, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation 10-Q/A     

  Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

 In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation (the  Company ) for the three months ended June 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Shlomi Palas, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated: November 21, 2016  
     By: 
     /s/ Shlomi Palas  

Shlomi Palas  

Chief Executive Officer  
 
 This certification accompanies each Report
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 A signed original of this written statement
required by  906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation 10-Q/A     

  Exhibit 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

 In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation (the  Company ) for the three months ended June 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Ran Daniel, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated: November 21, 2016  
     By: 
     /s/ Ran Daniel  

Ran Daniel  

Chief Financial Officer  
 
 This certification accompanies each Report
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

 A signed original of this written statement
required by  906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 blsp-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 blsp-20160630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 blsp-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 blsp-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 blsp-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 blsp-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

