<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_919134_0001493152-16-014878_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3614234</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>143945</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>243717</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>900961</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1383861</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>870390</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014878.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114141208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014878
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MENDOCINO BREWING CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000919134
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				680318293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13636
		FILM NUMBER:		161993572

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			UKIAH,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95482
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7077441015

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			UKIAH,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95482

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014878.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

United
states   

   securities
and exchange commission   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

Form
10-q   

(Mark
One)  

For
the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2016   

or  

For
the transition period from _________________________ to _________________________  

Commission
file number 1-13636  

Mendocino
Brewing Company, Inc.   

  (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

California   
         
       68-0318293    
 
      (State
    or Other Jurisdiction of  
     Incorporation or Organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer  
     Identification No.)   

(707)
463-2627   

  (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Not
Applicable   

  (Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year,  

  if
Changed Since Last Report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
accelerated filer [  ]    Accelerated filer [  ]    Non-accelerated filer [  ]   
Smaller reporting company [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No
[X]  

applicable
only to corporate issuers:   

The
number of shares of Mendocino Brewing Company, Inc. s common stock outstanding as of November 13, 2016 was 12,611,133.  

MENDOCINO
BREWING COMPANY, INC.   

INDEX      

Page   
 
       PART I. FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   

Condensed consolidated balance
    sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Condensed consolidated statements
    of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      4   

Condensed consolidated statements
    of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      5   

Notes to condensed consolidated
    financial statements (unaudited)   
      6   

ITEM 2.  
       Management s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      23   

ITEM 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosures about Market Risk   
      37   

ITEM 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      37   

PART II. OTHER
    INFORMATION      

ITEM 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      38   

ITEM 6.  
       Exhibits   
      38   

SIGNATURES   
      39   

PART
I   

Item
1.  Financial Statements .   

MENDOCINO
BREWING COMPANY, INC.   

     CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    

See
accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

MENDOCINO
BREWING COMPANY, INC.    

     CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

MENDOCINO
BREWING COMPANY, INC.   

     CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

MENDOCINO
BREWING COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

     NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   (Unaudited)   

1.
 Description of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

Description
of Operations   

Mendocino
Brewing Company, Inc. (the  Company  or  MBC ) was formed in 1983 in California, and has two operating
subsidiaries: Releta Brewing Company, LLC ( Releta ), and United Breweries International (UK) Limited ( UBIUK ).
In the United States (the  US ), MBC and Releta operate two breweries that produce beer and malt beverages for the
specialty  craft  segment of the beer market. The breweries are located in Ukiah, California and Saratoga Springs,
New York. The majority of sales for MBC in the US are in California. The Company brews several brands, of which Red Tail Ale is
the flagship brand. In addition, the Company performs contract brewing for several other brands. Generally, product shipments
are made directly from the breweries to wholesalers or distributors in accordance with state and local laws.  

MBC s
United Kingdom (the  UK ) subsidiary, UBIUK, is a holding company for Kingfisher Beer Europe Limited ( KBEL ).
KBEL is a distributor of alcoholic beverages, mainly Kingfisher Lager Beer, in the UK and Europe. The offices of KBEL are located
in Maidstone, Kent in the UK. In addition, during the period covered by this quarterly report (the  Quarterly Report ),
through UBIUK, the Company had production and distribution rights to Kingfisher Premium Lager in Canada and the United States.
The Company has the right to use the Kingfisher mark and the name  Kingfisher Brewing Company  in connection with
the brewing and distribution of assorted beers in the United States pursuant to an agreement with Kingfisher America, Inc. Generally,
sales are made through distributors.  

All
of the Company s beers sold in Europe (except for beers sold in Germany) are procured under a contract with Heineken UK
Limited ( HUK ). This contract expires in October 2018. KBEL is the distributor of Kingfisher Premium Lager to specialty
restaurant trade distributors, liquor and convenience stores in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and continental Europe, but does
not physically distribute the Company s products to customers. KBEL relies on HUK for distribution of the product in Europe
in exchange for a fee paid to HUK, except for in Germany where beers are manufactured and distributed pursuant to a separate contract
with a different entity. In addition, HUK has the exclusive right to sell Kingfisher Premium Lager, for a royalty fee payable
to KBEL, to certain large retail customers, including, but not limited to, Sainsbury s, Asda, and Tesco.  

Subsequent
Events   

The
Company evaluates events that occur subsequent to the balance sheet date of periodic reports, but before financial statements
are issued for periods ending on such balance sheet dates, for possible adjustment to such financial statements or other disclosure.
This evaluation generally occurs through the date on which the Company s financial statements are electronically prepared
for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  

Principles
of Consolidation   

The
consolidated financial statements present the accounts of MBC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Releta and UBIUK. All material
intracompany and inter-company balances, profits and transactions have been eliminated.  

Basis
of Presentation and Organization   

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the US. These condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company s most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC, which contains additional financial and operating information and information concerning
significant accounting policies followed by the Company. The financial statements and notes are representations of the Company s
management ( Management ) and its board of directors (the  Board of Directors ), who are responsible for
their integrity and objectivity.  

Going
Concern   

The
Company s consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2015 were prepared on a going concern basis. The continuation
of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon continued financial support from Catamaran Services, Inc. ( Catamaran )
and/or United Breweries Holdings, Ltd., an Indian public limited company ( UBHL ), its ability to obtain other debt
or equity financing, and generating profitable operations from the Company s future operations. However, management cannot
provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. These factors raise substantial
doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

Operating
results from the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the
year ending December 31, 2016 or any future period.  

Reclassifications   

Certain
items in the financial statements for the prior year have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These
reclassifications had no effect on net income or equity.  

SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

There
have been no significant changes in the Company s significant accounting policies during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to what was previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents, Short and Long-Term Investments    

For
purposes of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less
to be cash equivalents.  

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company recognizes revenue from the brewing and distribution operations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 605
of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. The Company recognizes revenue from product sales, net of discounts.  

The
Company recognizes revenue only when all of the following criteria have been met:  

Persuasive
    evidence of an arrangement exists;   

Delivery
    has occurred or services have been rendered;   

The
    fee for the arrangement is fixed or determinable; and   

Collectability
    is reasonably assured.   

Persuasive
Evidence of an Arrangement    The Company documents all terms of an arrangement in a written contract or purchase
order signed by the customer prior to recognizing revenue.  

Delivery
Has Occurred or Services Have Been Performed    The Company delivers the products prior to recognizing revenue or
performs services as per contractual terms. Product is considered delivered upon delivery to a customer s designated location
and services are considered performed upon completion of the Company s contractual obligations.  

The
Fee for the Arrangement is Fixed or Determinable    Prior to recognizing revenue, an amount is either fixed or determinable
under the terms of the written contract. The price is negotiated at the outset of the arrangement and is not subject to refund
or adjustment during the initial term of the arrangement.  

Collectability
is Reasonably Assured    The Company determines that collectability is reasonably assured prior to recognizing revenue.
Collectability is assessed on a customer-by-customer basis based on criteria outlined by Management. The Company does not enter
into arrangements unless collectability is reasonably assured at the outset. Existing customers are subject to ongoing credit
evaluations based on payment history and other factors. If it is determined during the arrangement that collectability is not
reasonably assured, revenue is recognized on a cash basis.  

The
Company records certain consideration paid to customers for services or placement fees as a reduction in revenue rather than as
an expense. The Company reports these items on the income statement as a reduction in revenue and as a corresponding reduction
in marketing and selling expenses.  

Revenues
from the Company s brewpub and gift store are recognized when sales have been completed.  

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts   

The
Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make
required payments. Management considers the following factors when determining the collectability of specific customer accounts:
customer credit-worthiness, past transaction history with the customer, current economic and industry trends and changes in customer
payment terms. Balances over 90 days past due and other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectability. If the
financial condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate, adversely affecting their ability to make payments,
additional allowances would be required. Based on Management s assessment, the Company provides for estimated uncollectible
amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company
has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable.  

Inventories   

Inventories
are stated at the lower of average cost, which approximates the first-in, first-out method, or market (net realizable value).
The Company regularly reviews its inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age, seasonality and quality.
Inventories that are considered obsolete are written off or adjusted to carrying value.  

Deferred
Financing Costs   

Costs
relating to obtaining financing are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt. When a loan is paid in full,
any unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts and charged to operations. Deferred financing costs related
to a borrowing made in June 2011 were $225,000. Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to operations was $22,500 and
$33,800 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. respectively.  

Concentration
of Credit Risks   

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, and accounts receivable. Substantially all of the Company s cash and cash equivalents are deposited with commercial
banks in the US and the UK that have minimal credit risk. Accounts receivable are generally unsecured and customers are subject
to an initial credit review and ongoing monitoring. Wholesale distributors account for substantially all accounts receivable;
therefore, this risk concentration is limited due to the number of distributors and the laws regulating the financial affairs
of distributors of alcoholic beverages. The Company has approximately $200 in cash deposits and $1,831,700 of accounts receivable
due from customers located in the UK as of September 30, 2016.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 750 which requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting
and reporting for income taxes and allows recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization
of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of
temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized
for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company periodically assesses uncertain
tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return, including a decision whether to file or not to file
a return in a particular jurisdiction. The Company evaluated its tax positions and determined that there were no uncertain tax
benefits as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Basic
and Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Share   

The
basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the earnings (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Basic net earnings (loss) per share exclude the dilutive effect
of stock options or warrants and convertible notes. If the Company s operations result in net loss for any period, diluted
net loss per share would be the same as basic net loss per share, since the effect of any potentially dilutive securities would
be anti-dilutive. Therefore, the conversion of the related party convertible notes (see  Subordinated Convertible Notes
Payable to Related Party  below) has been excluded from the Company s calculation of net loss per share. The computations
of basic and dilutive net loss per share are as follows:  

Foreign
Currency Translation   

The
Company has subsidiaries located in the UK, where the local currency, the UK Pound Sterling, is the functional currency. Financial
statements of these subsidiaries are translated into US dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and
average exchange rates during the period for revenues and expenses. Cumulative translation adjustments associated with net assets
or liabilities are reported in non-owner changes in equity. Any exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions
are recognized in the income statement as incurred, in the same financial statement caption as the underlying transaction, and
are not material for any year shown. Cash flows are translated at the average exchange rates for the nine months then ended. Changes
in cash resulting from the translations are presented as a separate item in the statements of cash flows.  

Comprehensive
Income (Loss)   

Comprehensive
income (loss) is composed of the Company s net income (loss) and changes in equity from non-stockholder sources. The accumulated
balances of these non-stockholder sources are reflected as a separate item in the equity section of the balance sheet.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the US includes having the
Company make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. The amounts estimated could differ from actual results. Significant estimates include the
allowance for bad debts, depreciation and amortization periods, and the future utilization of deferred tax assets.  

Reportable
Segments   

The
Company manages its operations through two business segments: (i) brewing operations and tasting room operations in the US and
distributor operations in Canada (the  North American Territory ) and (ii) distributor operations in Europe, including
the UK (the  Foreign Territory ). The Company evaluates performance based on net operating profit. Where applicable,
portions of the administrative function expenses are allocated between the operating segments. The operating segments do not share
manufacturing or distribution facilities. In the event any materials and/or services are provided to one operating segment by
the other, the transaction is valued according to the Company s transfer policy, which approximates market price. The costs
of operating the manufacturing plants are captured discretely within each segment. The Company s property, plant and equipment,
inventory, and accounts receivable are captured and reported discretely within each operating segment.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) that clarifies how to apply revenue recognition guidance related to whether an entity is
a principal or an agent. ASU 2016-08 clarifies that the analysis must focus on whether the entity has control of the goods or
services before they are transferred to the customer and provides additional guidance about how to apply the control principle
when services are provided and when goods or services are combined with other goods or services. The effective date for ASU 2016-08
is the same as the effective date of ASU 2014-09 as amended by ASU 2015-14, for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2017, including interim periods within those years. The Company has not yet determined the impact of ASU 2016-08 on its consolidated
financial statements.  

ASU
2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  was
issued in June 2016 and clarifies the objective of the collectability criterion, presentation of taxes collected from customers,
non-cash consideration, contract modifications at transition, completed contracts at transition and how guidance in Topic 606
is retrospectively applied. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The effective dates
are the same as those for Topic 606.  

2.
 Liquidity and Management Plans    

MB
Financial Credit and Security Agreement   

On
June 23, 2011, MBC and Releta entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (as amended, the  Credit and Security Agreement )
with Cole Taylor Bank, an Illinois banking corporation ( Cole Taylor ). Cole Taylor merged into MB Financial Bank,
an Illinois banking corporation ( MB Financial ) on August 18, 2014. As used in this Report,  Lender 
shall refer to Cole Taylor prior to August 18, 2014 and to MB Financial, as successor in interest to Cole Taylor, on or after
August 18, 2014. The Credit and Security Agreement provided a credit facility with a maturity date of June 23, 2016 of up to $10,000,000
consisting of a $4,119,000 revolving facility (the  Revolver ), a $1,934,000 machinery and equipment term loan, a
$2,947,000 real estate term loan and a $1,000,000 capital expenditure line of credit. The applicable interest rates were as follows:
(a) with respect to the Revolver, the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 1.00%, (b) with respect to the machinery
and equipment term loan and the capital expenditure term loan, the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 1.50%, and
(c) with respect to the real estate term loan, the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 2.00%. As described below,
effective September 1, 2013, Lender was charging a default interest rate equal to two percent (2%) per annum in excess of the
interest rate otherwise payable under the Credit and Security Agreement. As described below, effective July 22, 2016, Lender increased
the interest rate under the Credit and Security Agreement to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 6% (including default interest)
on all loans. As described below, the Second Amendment (as defined below) (among other things) reduces the advance rate for (i)
eligible finished goods and raw material inventory and (ii) eligible work-in progress inventory by 2% each month. The advance
rates are used in the calculation of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta, which is used in the determination of the amount
available to each of MBC and Releta pursuant to the Revolver. Under the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement, if such availability
is less than $0, or if certain components of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta fall below certain limits in relation
to outstanding revolving loans, such difference shall be immediately due and payable. The Credit and Security Agreement binds
the Company to certain financial covenants including maintaining prescribed minimum tangible net worth and prescribed minimum
fixed charges coverage. There is a prepayment penalty if we prepay all of our obligations prior to the maturity date. The credit
facility is secured by a first priority security interest in all of MBC s and Releta s personal property and a first
priority mortgage on our Ukiah, California real property, among other MBC and Releta assets.  

The
Credit and Security Agreement requires MBC and Releta to maintain certain minimum fixed charge coverage ratios for trailing twelve
month periods and minimum tangible net worth. The minimum tangible net worth MBC and Releta are required to maintain is subject
to increase based on the net income of MBC and Releta. On March 29, 2013, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a First Amendment
to the Credit and Security Agreement to clarify the method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated, with retrospective
application.  

The
required fixed charge coverage ratio for the trailing twelve month periods ended March 31, 2013 onwards fell short of the required
ratio. The tangible net worth fell short of the required amount for the period beginning June 1, 2013 onwards.  

On
September 18, 2013, MBC and Releta received a notice (the  Default Notice ) from Lender regarding its intention to
exercise certain rights with respect to events of default of the Company pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement and, effective
September 1, 2013, began charging a default interest rate equal to 2% per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable
under the Credit and Security Agreement.  

On
April 18, 2014, MBC and Releta received a second notice (the  Second Default Notice ) from Lender regarding its intention
to exercise certain rights with respect to events of default of the Company pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement. The
Second Default Notice required MBC and Releta to engage a consultant to perform a viability analysis and prepare a revised projection
for 2014, to be delivered to Lender on or before April 30, 2014. MBC and Releta engaged a consultant and delivered a revised projection
on April 30, 2014. As stated in the Second Default Notice, the Company continued to be in default on the fixed charge coverage
ratio for each measurement period beginning March 31, 2013 through February 28, 2014. The required fixed charge coverage ratio
was initially required to be at least 1.05 to 1.00, but as of July 31, 2013, the required fixed charge coverage ratio increased
to 1.10 to 1.00 pursuant to the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement. The Second Default Notice also stated that the tangible
net worth of MBC and Releta continued to fall short of the required amount as measured through February 28, 2014.  

Effective
August 20, 2014, pursuant to a notice to MBC and Releta dated August 18, 2014 (the  Third Default Notice ) which referred
to MBC s and Releta s continued failure to meet the required fixed charge coverage ratio and the tangible net worth
requirement, Lender notified MBC and Releta that it would reduce the advance rate for (i) eligible finished goods and raw material
inventory and (ii) eligible work-in progress inventory by 2% each month. The advance rates are used in the calculation of the
borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta, which is used in the determination of the amount available to each of MBC and Releta
pursuant to the Revolver. Under the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement, if such availability is less than $0, or if certain
components of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta fall below certain limits in relation to outstanding revolving loans,
such difference shall be immediately due and payable.  

On
January 21, 2015, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Second Amendment (the  Second Amendment ) to the Credit and
Security Agreement. The Second Amendment reduced the maximum amount of the Revolver from $4,119,000 to $2,500,000. The Second
Amendment also changed the definition of borrowing base (including by lowering certain advance rates) such that the calculation
of the borrowing base will result in a lower number than it would have if calculated prior to the effectiveness of the Second
Amendment. The Second Amendment also reduced the advance rate for (i) eligible finished goods and raw material inventory and (ii)
eligible work-in progress inventory by two percent (2%) and continues to reduce each by an additional two percent (2%) on the
20th day of each month thereafter. The advance rates are used in the calculation of the borrowing base of each borrower, which
is used in the determination of the amount available to each borrower pursuant to the Revolver. As stated above, if such availability
is less than $0, or if certain components of the borrowing base fall below certain limits in relation to outstanding revolving
loans, such difference shall be immediately due and payable.  

Effective
June 20, 2016, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Third Amendment (the  Third Amendment ) to the Credit and Security
Agreement. The Third Amendment extended the maturity date of the Credit and Security Agreement from June 23, 2016 to July 23,
2016. The Third Amendment also reduced the Revolver from $2,500,000 to $1,250,000. Effective July 22, 2016, MBC, Releta, and Lender
entered into a Fourth Amendment (the  Fourth Amendment ) to the Credit and Security Agreement. The Fourth Amendment
extended the maturity date of the Credit and Security Agreement from July 23, 2016 to September 21, 2016 and increased the interest
rate under the Credit and Security Agreement to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 6% (including default interest). Effective
September 21, 2016, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Fifth Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement which extended
the maturity date of the Credit and Security Agreement from September 21, 2016 to October 21, 2016. Effective October 18, 2016,
MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Sixth Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement which extended the maturity date of
the Credit and Security Agreement from October 21, 2016 to December 31, 2016. Lender has absolutely no commitment and has made
no agreement to extend the maturity date beyond December 31, 2016. The Sixth Amendment also confirms the continuance of certain
events of default under the Credit and Security Agreement.  

As
of September 30, 2016, pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement, the fixed charge coverage ratio was required to be 1.15
to 1. The Company calculated that the fixed charge coverage ratio as of September 30, 2016 was -1.02 to 1. The Company calculated
that the required tangible net worth of MBC and Releta was $6,181,400 as of September 30, 2016 and the actual tangible net worth
on such date was $3,317,200. The Company does not anticipate that it will regain compliance with the required fixed charge coverage
ratio or the minimum tangible net worth, as required by the Credit and Security Agreement.  

The
Credit and Security Agreement provides that the failure of MBC and Releta to observe any covenant will constitute an event of
default under the Credit and Security Agreement. Lender has not waived the events of default described in the Default Notice,
the Second Default Notice or the Third Default Notice and has reserved the right to all other available rights and remedies under
the Credit and Security Agreement, certain other related documents and applicable law. An event of default shall be deemed continuing
until waived in writing by Lender. Under the Credit and Security Agreement, upon the occurrence of an event of default, all of
MBC s and Releta s obligations under the Credit and Security Agreement may, at Lender s option, be declared,
and immediately shall become, due and payable, without notice of any kind. Lender could declare the full amount owed under the
Credit and Security Agreement due and payable at any time for any reason or no reason. Since executing the Sixth Amendment, the
Company has not received any notice or other communication from Lender that it intends to exercise any other remedies available
to it under the Credit and Security Agreement in connection with the events of default. As noted above, effective July 22, 2016,
Lender increased the interest rate under the Credit and Security Agreement to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 6% (including
default interest). The Company estimates this increase in interest rate will result in the payment by the Company to Lender of
additional interest of approximately $9,000 per month. The exercise of additional remedies by Lender may have a material adverse
effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability to continue to operate. The Credit and Security
Agreement expires on December 31, 2016. There is no guarantee that MBC and Releta will be able to obtain alternate financing on
terms favorable to the Company or on any terms. If the Company is unable to obtain alternate financing, it will have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability to continue to operate.  

UBHL   

In
response to the losses incurred in connection with the Company s operations, UBHL issued a letter of comfort to the Company s
accountants on March 5, 2015 (the  Letter of Comfort ) to confirm that UBHL had agreed to provide funding on an as
needed basis to ensure that the Company is able to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due. The Letter of Comfort
does not specify either the terms of UBHL s support, or a maximum dollar limit and is not a legally binding agreement or
guarantee. However, to date, UBHL, through a related party, Catamaran, has provided loans for working capital needs as described
above. UBHL s financial support is contingent upon compliance with any applicable exchange control requirements, other applicable
laws, and regulations relating to the transfer of funds from India. The Letter of Comfort does not specify any time limit for
extending support. If it becomes necessary to seek UBHL s financial assistance under the Letter of Comfort or otherwise
and UBHL does not provide such financial assistance to MBC, it may result in a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial position and on its ability to continue to operate. UBHL controls the Company s two largest shareholders, United
Breweries of America, Inc. ( UBA ) and Inversiones Mirabel, S.A., a Panamanian corporation ( Inversiones ),
and as such, is the Company s indirect majority shareholder. The Company s Chairman of the Board, Dr. Vijay Mallya,
is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.  

On
February 3, 2016, the board of directors of UBHL approved debt financing to the Company in the form of a $1,000,000 bridge loan.
The Company has not received any proceeds against this UBHL $1,000,000 bridge loan. If UBHL does not consummate this financing,
it would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability to continue
to operate.  

Catamaran
Notes   

On
January 22, 2014, Catamaran, a related party, provided a loan to MBC in the principal amount of $500,000 evidenced by a promissory
note. On April 24, 2014, Catamaran provided a second loan in the principal amount of $500,000 on terms similar to the previous
note. On February 5, 2015, Catamaran provided a third loan in the principal amount of $500,000 on terms similar to the previous
notes. On June 30, 2015, Catamaran provided a fourth loan in the principal amount of $500,000 on terms similar to the previous
notes, and the Company received the proceeds against this note on July 6, 2015. Each time Catamaran provided a loan, the Company
received a letter from Lender permitting the Company to obtain such loans subject to certain conditions, including that no portion
of such loans would be payable until either (a) certain obligations of the Company to Lender pursuant to the Credit and Security
Agreement were satisfied in full, or (b) such payment was a Permitted Payment. A  Permitted Payment  with respect
to the notes dated January 22, 2014, April 24, 2014, and February 5, 2015 means a payment made from an equity investment by the
Company s majority shareholder in excess of $500,000. A  Permitted Payment  with respect to the note dated June
30, 2015 means a payment made from an equity investment by the Company s majority shareholder. On March 14, 2016, Catamaran
provided a fifth loan in the principal amount of $325,000 on terms substantially similar to the previous notes, except that the
definition of  Permitted Payment  was revised to mean, for purposes of this fifth note, a payment made from a bridge
loan by the Company s majority shareholder in excess of $600,000. On March 30, 2016, Catamaran provided a sixth loan in
the principal amount of $75,000 on terms substantially similar to the fifth note. All Catamaran notes are payable within six months
following the date of the notes, and if the Company is not able to satisfy its obligations on these notes within the six month
period following the date of the notes, the notes shall be automatically extended for additional six month terms until they are
paid. If Catamaran ceases to provide ongoing financial support to the Company, and the Company is unable to obtain alternate financing,
it would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability to continue
to operate.  

Interest
shall accrue from the date of the applicable Catamaran note on the unpaid principal at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) one and
one-half percent (1.5%) per annum above the prime rate offered from time to time by the Bank of America Corporation in San Francisco,
California, or (ii) ten percent (10%) per annum, until the principal is fully paid.  

The
Catamaran notes may be prepaid without penalty at the option of the Company; however, no payments on the Catamaran notes may be
made unless such payment is a  Permitted Payment  or certain existing obligations of the Company to Lender pursuant
to the Credit and Security Agreement have been satisfied in full. The Catamaran notes may not be amended without the prior written
consent of Lender.  

Gordian
Group   

On
December 9, 2015, the Company engaged Gordian Group, LLC ( Gordian Group ) to serve as the Company s exclusive
investment banker to assist the Company in evaluating, exploring and, if deemed appropriate by the Company, pursuing and implementing
certain strategic and financial options and transactions that may be available to the Company, including in connection with a
possible debt or equity capital financing, merger, consolidation, joint venture or other business combination involving, or sale
of substantially all or a material portion of the assets (outside of the ordinary course of business) or outstanding securities
of, the Company and/or its subsidiaries, and/or the acquisition of substantially all or a material portion of the assets or outstanding
securities of another entity (each, a  Financial Transaction ). Gordian Group is a New York-based independent investment
banking firm. While the Company has commenced evaluating its available options, no conclusion as to any specific option or transaction
has been reached, nor has any specific timetable been fixed for this effort, and there can be no assurance that any viable strategic
or financial option or transaction will be presented, implemented or consummated. The Company intends to use proceeds of the Financial
Transaction, if any, in part, to repay the amount owed to Lender when it becomes due.  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $84,700, an accumulated deficit of $18,730,600, and a working
capital deficit of $12,265,800 due to losses incurred, debts payable to Lender and notes payable to related parties. In addition,
the book value of the Company s assets was lower than the book value of its liabilities at September 30, 2016.  

Management
has taken several actions to reduce the Company s working capital needs through September 30, 2017, including reducing manpower
and pursuing additional brewing contracts in an effort to utilize a portion of excess production capacity. The Company is pursuing
a Financial Transaction through Gordian Group as described above. The Company has relied upon the continued loans from Catamaran
to support operations. The current revenue from operations is insufficient to meet the working capital needs of the Company over
the next 12 months. The Company has requested UBHL to make a capital infusion.  

If
UBHL or other sources do not provide sufficient financial assistance to MBC, it will result in a material adverse effect on the
Company s financial position and on its ability to continue to operate and it may have to raise funds by selling some of
its operating assets. In addition, the Company s lenders may seek to satisfy any outstanding obligations through recourse
against the applicable pledged collateral which includes the Company s real and personal property in the United States and
the United Kingdom. The loss of any material pledged asset would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
condition and its ability to continue to operate.  

Vijay
Mallya, the Company s Chairman and indirect majority shareholder is presently subject to certain legal proceedings in India,
which may impair the Company s ability to obtain financing from UBHL and other potential funding sources.  

3.
 Inventories    

Inventories
are stated at the lower of average cost or market and consist of the following:  

4.
 Secured Lines of Credit     

MB
Financial Credit and Security Agreement   

The
borrowings under the Credit and Security Agreement are collateralized, with recourse, by MBC s and Releta s trade
receivables and inventory located in the US. This facility carries interest (including default interest) at the Wall Street Journal
prime rate plus 6%) and is secured by substantially all of the assets of Releta and MBC. The amount outstanding on this line of
credit as of September 30, 2016 was approximately $391,900. Included in the Company s balance sheet as at September 30,
2016 are account balances totaling $1,220,200 of accounts receivable and $1,408,800 of inventory collateralized to Lender under
this facility. The Credit and Security Agreement expires on December 31, 2016.  

RBS
Facility   

On
April 26, 2005, Royal Bank of Scotland Commercial Services Limited ( RBS ) provided an approximately $2.8 million
( 1,750,000) invoice discounting facility to KBEL based on 80% prepayment against qualified accounts receivable related
to KBEL s UK customers. The facility carried an interest rate of 1.38% above the RBS base rate and a service charge of 0.10%
of each invoice discounted. On July 20, 2016, KBEL used the proceeds from the Santander Facility provided by Santander UK plc
( Santander ), as described below, to repay the entire amount owed on the RBS invoice discounting facility.  

Santander
Facility   

On
July 20, 2016, KBEL entered into a Sales Finance Agreement with Santander (the  Santander Facility ) pursuant to which
Santander provided KBEL with an approximately $2,306,000 ( 1,750,000) maximum revolving line of credit (the  Review
Limit ) with advances permitted up to 85% of KBEL s qualified accounts receivable. This facility has a minimum maturity
of twelve months, but will be automatically extended unless terminated by either party upon three months  written notice.
If the Santander Facility terminates on or before the first anniversary, KBEL must pay as breakage costs 3% of the Review Limit.
The Santander Facility carries an interest rate of 2.1% above the Santander base rate and a fixed service charge of approximately
$1,300 ( 1,000) per month. The Santander Facility binds KBEL to certain financial covenants relating to accounts receivable
including turnover ratios, maximum dilution, and ageing, while also requiring KBEL to maintain a minimum level of net tangible
assets. KBEL used the proceeds from the Santander Facility to repay the entire amount owed on the RBS invoice discounting facility.
The amount outstanding on this line of credit as of September 30, 2016 was approximately $668,000. Included in the Company s
balance sheet at September 30, 2016 are account balances totaling $1,831,700 of accounts receivable collateralized to the Santander
Facility.  

5.
 Notes Payable to Related Party    

Notes
payable to a related party consist of notes payable to Catamaran dated January 22, 2014, April 24, 2014, February 5, 2015, June
30, 2015, March 14, 2016, and March 30, 2016 for a total value of $2,605,500 including accrued interest of $205,500 as of September
30, 2016. Catamaran Holdings, Ltd. ( Holding ), the sole shareholder of Catamaran, has directors in common with Inversiones,
one of the major shareholders of MBC. The indirect beneficial owner of Inversiones is UBHL. Dr. Vijay Mallya, the Chairman of
the Board of Directors of the Company is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of UBHL.  

The
Catamaran notes are payable within six months following the date of the notes, and if the Company is not able to satisfy its obligations
on these notes within the six month period following the date of the notes, the notes shall be automatically extended for additional
six month terms until they are paid. Each time Catamaran provided a loan, the Company received a letter from Lender permitting
the Company to obtain such loans subject to certain conditions, including that no portion of such loans would be payable until
either (a) certain obligations of the Company to Lender pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement were satisfied in full,
or (b) such payment was a Permitted Payment. A  Permitted Payment  with respect to the notes dated January 22, 2014,
April 24, 2014, and February 5, 2015 means a payment made from an equity investment by the Company s majority shareholder
in excess of $500,000. A  Permitted Payment  with respect to the note dated June 30, 2015 means a payment made from
an equity investment by the Company s majority shareholder. On March 14, 2016, Catamaran provided a fifth loan in the principal
amount of $325,000 on terms substantially similar to the previous notes, except that the definition of  Permitted Payment 
was revised to mean, for purposes of this fifth note, a payment made from a bridge loan by the Company s majority shareholder
in excess of $600,000. On March 30, 2016, Catamaran provided a sixth loan in the principal amount of $75,000 on terms substantially
similar to the fifth note. If Catamaran ceases to provide ongoing financial support to the Company, and the Company is unable
to obtain alternate financing, it would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s
ability to continue to operate.  

Interest
shall accrue from the date of the applicable Catamaran note on the unpaid principal at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) one and
one-half percent (1.5%) per annum above the prime rate offered from time to time by the Bank of America Corporation in San Francisco,
California, or (ii) ten percent (10%) per annum, until the principal is fully paid.  

The
Catamaran notes may be prepaid without penalty at the option of the Company; however, no payments on the Catamaran notes may be
made unless such payment is a  Permitted Payment  or certain existing obligations of the Company to Lender pursuant
to the Credit and Security Agreement have been satisfied in full. The Catamaran notes may not be amended without the prior written
consent of Lender.  

6.
 Subordinated Convertible Notes Payable to Related Party    

Subordinated
convertible notes to a related party included notes payable to UBA (the  UBA Notes ) for a total value of $3,752,000
as of September 30, 2016, including interest at the prime rate plus 1.5% per year, but not to exceed 10%. Thirteen of the UBA
Notes are convertible into common stock at a rate of $1.50 per share and one UBA Note is convertible at a rate of $1.44 per share.
The UBA Notes have been extended until June 2017 and have automatic renewals after such maturity date for successive one year
terms, provided that either the Company or UBA may elect not to extend the term upon written notice given to the other party no
more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior to the expiration of the applicable term. Under the terms of the UBA Notes,
UBA may demand payment within 60 days following the end of the extension period. UBA has agreed to subordinate the UBA Notes to
the Company s debt agreements with MB Financial, as successor-in-interest to Cole Taylor, which mature in December 2016.
Therefore, the Company will not require the use of working capital to repay any of the UBA Notes until the MB Financial facility
is repaid. The UBA notes include $1,836,600 and $1,764,700 of accrued interest at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

7.
 Secured Notes Payable    

Maturities
of secured notes payable for succeeding years are as follows:  

8.
 Long-Term Debt   Related Party    

On
April 18, 2013, KBEL entered into a Loan Agreement (the  HUK Loan Agreement ) with HUK pursuant to which HUK provided
KBEL with a secured term loan of  1,000,000 on October 9, 2013 to be repaid in twelve equal quarterly installments of  83,333.33,
commencing from January 9, 2014 and to be repaid in full by October 9, 2016. Interest on the HUK loan is payable quarterly in
arrears on the outstanding balance of the loan at the rate of 5% above the Bank of England base rate. Prepayment is permitted.
Upon an Event of Default, as defined in the HUK Loan Agreement, if HUK and KBEL fail to agree on a payment plan acceptable to
HUK, HUK may, among other remedies, declare the loan immediately due and repayable or exercise its right to an exclusive license
pursuant to the Sub License Agreement, as described and defined in the HUK Loan Agreement.  

On
October 9, 2016, KBEL paid the final installment and settled the loan in full.  

9.
 Capital Lease Obligations    

The
Company leases certain assets under an agreement that is classified as a capital lease. The future minimum lease payments required
under the capital lease and the present values of net minimum lease payments as of September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

10.
 Severance Payable    

The
Company is a party to a Separation and Severance Agreement (the  Separation Agreement ) with Mr. Yashpal Singh, its
President and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the terms of the Separation Agreement, upon Mr. Singh s (i) termination
of employment for Good Reason (as defined in the Separation Agreement), (ii) termination of employment at the end of the employment
term, (iii) death, (iv) disability or (v) termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Separation Agreement), he
shall be entitled to certain severance benefits and payments. The severance payment shall equal the product of 2.5 times his average
monthly base salary (calculated over the twelve (12) month period preceding the termination event), multiplied by the number of
years (on a pro-rated basis) he had been employed by the Company at the Termination Date (as defined in the Separation Agreement);
provided, however, that the severance payment may not exceed thirty (30) months of Mr. Singh s average monthly base salary
(calculated over the twelve (12) months preceding his termination date). Payments due to Mr. Singh under the Separation Agreement
shall be paid in equal monthly installments by the Company over a 20 month period. Mr. Singh s current employment contract
ends on December 31, 2016. The receipt of payments is contingent on Mr. Singh executing a release of claims for the benefit of
the Company. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has accrued $898,800 against this obligation.  

Pursuant
to a resolution adopted on September 10, 2013 by the Company s Board of Directors, the Company entered into a Separation
and Severance Agreement with Mr. Mahadevan Narayanan, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on April 12, 2016.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, upon Mr. Narayanan s (i) termination of employment for Good Reason (as defined in
the agreement), (ii) death, (iii) disability or (iv) termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in the agreement), he
shall be entitled to certain severance benefits and payments. The severance payment shall equal the product of 2.5 times his average
monthly base salary (calculated over the twelve (12) month period preceding the termination event), multiplied by the number of
years (on a pro-rated basis) he had been employed by the Company at the Termination Date (as defined in the agreement); provided,
however, that the severance payment may not exceed thirty (30) months of Mr. Narayanan s average monthly base salary (calculated
over the twelve (12) months preceding his termination date). If Mr. Narayanan s employment is terminated without Cause,
in addition to the severance payment described above, he shall also receive either (i) 365 days prior written notice or (ii) a
lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months of his base salary at the rate in place at the Termination Date (the  Notice
Payment ). Payments due to Mr. Narayanan under the Separation Agreement shall be paid in equal monthly installments by the
Company over a 20 month period. The receipt of payments is contingent on Mr. Narayanan executing a release of claims for the benefit
of the Company. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not accrued any amount against this contingency. As of September 30,
2016, the Company estimated the obligation to be $486,800 excluding any Notice Payment.  

11.
 Commitments and Contingencies    

Purchase
of raw materials   

Production
of the Company s beverages requires quantities of various processed agricultural products, including malt and hops for beer.
The Company fulfills its commodities requirements through purchases from various sources, some through contractual arrangements
and others on the open market.  

Legal

The
Company is periodically involved in legal actions and claims that arise as a result of events that occur in the normal course
of operations. The Company s management and its legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company
or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company s legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of
any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought
therein.  

On
September 26, 2014, The New Buffalo Brewing Co., Inc. ( NBB ) initiated an action against Releta in the Supreme Court
of the State of New York for the County of Erie to recover damages for alleged breaches of a Brewing Production Agreement between
NBB and Releta dated September 6, 2013 (the  Brewing Production Agreement ), as well as for a declaration rescinding
and nullifying the Brewing Production Agreement, and, in case of Releta s failure to answer or appear, damages resulting
from the alleged breaches, rescission of the Brewing Production Agreement, attorneys  fees and any other relief deemed proper
by the court. In a demand letter to Releta dated October 16, 2014, NBB demanded payment of the sum of $500,000. The Company has
engaged a law firm in New York to respond. The trial date is set for January 17, 2017.  

On
June 3, 2015, IAE International Aero Engines AG ( IAE ) served the Company with a complaint (the  Complaint ),
filed in Marin County Superior Court, California (the  Court ), which requests, among other things, (i) that the Court
recognize and enforce a foreign judgment against an Indian corporate entity (which is an affiliate of the Company), the alleged
judgment debtor, and (ii) that such judgment be made enforceable against any assets of the Company (and of the other defendants)
that are located in California, on the alleged ground that the Company (along with the other defendants) is an  alter ego 
of the alleged judgment debtor. Along with the Complaint, IAE also served the Company with an ex parte application for a right
to attach order and a writ of attachment, and, in the alternative, a temporary protective order (collectively, the  ex parte
application ) to, among other things, stop the Company from making certain transfers to related parties other than in the
ordinary course of business.  

The
ex parte application came up for hearing before the Court on June 5, 2015 and was continued to June 9, 2015. At the conclusion
of the continued hearing on June 9, 2015, the Court denied the ex parte application for a writ of attachment and dissolved a short-term,
limited temporary protective order that had been in place during the four-day continuance.  

The Company believes that
the allegations in the Complaint are without merit and will continue to vigorously defend against the lawsuit. On June 29, 2016,
the Company filed a Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings, requesting that the Court dismiss, with prejudice, one of the two causes
of action pled against it. That motion was granted by the Court on September 6, 2016, leaving only one cause of action against
the Company. Trial is expected to commence on March 14, 2017. 

As
discussed in more detail in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2015, the Company discussed with the
Lender the allegations set forth in the Complaint and the ex parte application and, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, the
Company has not received any notice or other communication from the Lender that the Lender intends to exercise any of the remedies
available to it under the Credit and Security Agreement in connection therewith.  

The
Company is not currently aware of any legal proceedings or claims that the Company believes will have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or ability to continue to operate.  

Operating
Leases   

The
Company leases some of its operating and office facilities for various terms under long-term, non-cancelable operating lease agreements.
The leases expire at various dates between 2016 and 2020 and provide for renewal options ranging from month-to-month to five years.
In the normal course of business, it is expected that these leases will be renewed or replaced by leases on similar properties.
The leases provide for increases in future minimum annual rental payments based on defined increases which are generally meant
to correlate with the Consumer Price Index, subject to certain minimum increases. Also, the agreements generally require the Company
to pay certain costs, including real estate taxes, insurance and repairs.  

MBC
and its subsidiaries have various lease agreements for the brewpub and gift store in Ukiah, California, the brewery at Releta s
Saratoga Springs, New York facility, a building in the UK, and certain equipment. The New York lease includes a renewal option
for three additional five-year periods, which Releta intends to exercise, and some leases are adjusted annually for changes in
the Consumer Price Index.  

12.
 Related-Party Transactions    

The
Company conducts business with United Breweries of America, Inc. ( UBA ), which owns approximately 25% of the Company s
common stock. KBEL also had significant transactions with HUK, a related party with respect to one of MBC s Board members,
beginning in October 2013.  

The
following table reflects the value of such transactions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the balances
outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

13.
 Segment Information    

The
Company s business presently consists of two segments   the North American Territory and the Foreign Territory. The
Company s operations in the North American Territory consist primarily of brewing and marketing proprietary craft beers.
For distribution in the North American Territory, the Company brews its brands in its own facilities, which are located in Ukiah,
California and Saratoga Springs, New York. The Company s operations in the Foreign Territory, which are conducted through
its wholly-owned subsidiary UBIUK and UBIUK s wholly-owned subsidiary KBEL, consist primarily of the marketing and distribution
of Kingfisher Premium Lager in the Foreign Territory.  

A
summary of each segment is as follows:  

14.
 Unrestricted Net Assets    

The
Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, UBIUK, had undistributed losses of $129,900 as of September 30, 2016. Under KBEL s
line of credit agreement with RBS, distributions and other payments to MBC from KBEL were not permitted if retained earnings dropped
below $1,301,500. Condensed financial information of MBC, together with its other subsidiary, Releta, is as follows:  

Balance
Sheets   

15.
 Income Taxes    

In
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded tax expenses related to state franchise taxes only, and
did not record income tax expenses due to the availability of deferred tax assets to offset any taxable income in the US (at the
federal and state level to the extent applicable) and the UK. The Company has established a full valuation allowance against the
Company s deferred tax assets based on an assessment that the criteria that deferred tax assets will more likely than not
be realized has not yet been met. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s effective tax
rates were  de minimis .  

The
Company s major tax jurisdictions are (i) US (federal), (ii) California (state), (iii) New York (state) and (iv) UK. Tax
returns remain open to examination by the applicable governmental authorities for tax years 2012 through 2015. The federal and
state taxing authorities may choose to audit tax returns for prior years due to significant tax attribute carryforwards for those
prior years. However, such audits will be limited to adjustments to such carryforward tax attributes. The Company is not currently
being audited in any tax jurisdiction.  

Item
2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .   

The
following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results, financial condition and
liquidity/cash flows of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes included
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

In
the rest of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the terms  we ,  us ,  our , and  the
Company  and its variants are generally used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company, Inc. and its subsidiaries, while the
term  MBC  is used to refer to Mendocino Brewing Company, Inc. as an individual entity standing alone.  

Forward
Looking Statements   

Various
portions of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including but not limited to the section captioned  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainties that are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the Company s business,
Management s beliefs, and assumptions made by Management. Words such as  expects,   anticipates, 
 intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks,   estimates,  and variations
of those and similar words are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made by the
Company are intended to provide investors with additional information with which they may assess the Company s future potential.
All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions about an uncertain future and are based on information available as of
the date such statements are issued. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in
such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including but not limited to, changes in the pricing environment for
the Company s products, changes in demand for malt beverage products in different Company markets, changes in distributor
relationships or performance, changes in customer preference for the Company s malt beverage products, regulatory or legislative
changes, the impact of competition, changes in the prices of raw materials, availability of financing for operations, changes
in interest rates, changes in the Company s European beer business, and other risks discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q and from time to time in the Company s Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings
and reports. In addition, such statements could be adversely affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates,
and general domestic, Canadian and European economic and political conditions. The Company undertakes no obligation to update
these forward-looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances, assumptions or events that occur after the date the forward-looking
statements are made or to publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  

Segment
Information   

Prior
to August 2001, the Company s business operations were exclusively located in the US, and consisted of the manufacture and
distribution of beer. With the Company s acquisition of United Breweries International (UK), Ltd. ( UBIUK )
in August 2001, the Company gained a new business segment   distribution of beer outside the US, primarily in the United
Kingdom (the  UK ) and continental Europe (collectively, the  Foreign Territory ). This segment accounted
for 60% and 61% of the Company s gross sales during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 respectively, with the US and
Canada (the  North American Territory ) accounting for the remaining 40% and 39% during the first nine months of 2016
and 2015 respectively.  

Seasonality   

Sales
of the Company s products are somewhat seasonal. Historically, sales volumes in both the Company s North American
and Foreign Territories have been comparatively low during the first quarter of the calendar year. The volume of sales in any
given area may also be adversely affected by local weather conditions. Because of the seasonality of the Company s business,
results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.  

Summary
of Financial Results   

The
Company ended the first nine months of 2016 with a net loss of $1,335,000, as compared to a net loss of $750,100 for the same
period in 2015. As set forth more fully under the section captioned  Results of Operations  below, during the first
nine months of 2016, the Company experienced a decrease in net sales of $1,946,200 compared to the same period in 2015. Compared
to the first nine months of 2015, costs of goods sold decreased by $1,180,500, operating expenses decreased by $202,200, and net
other expenses increased by $23,600 in the first nine months of 2016, all of which contributed to the Company s results
for the period.  

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS   

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared To Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Net
Sales   

Our
overall net sales for the third quarter of 2016 were $6,831,900, compared to $8,399,200 for the third quarter of 2015, a decrease
of $1,567,300, or 18.7%. The decrease was due to a reduction in sales volume and exchange rate fluctuation.  

North
American Territory : Our net sales in the North American Territory for the third quarter of 2016 were $2,746,700 compared to
$3,247,500 for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $500,800, or 15.4%, mainly due to decreased sales volume. The sales volume
decreased to 13,100 barrels in the third quarter of 2016 from 16,500 barrels in the third quarter of 2015; a net decrease of 3,400
barrels, or 20.6% mainly due to competitive pressure and lower demand. We continue to solicit opportunities to enter into non-binding
contract brewing arrangements to address the low production capacity utilization rates in our Ukiah, California and Saratoga Springs,
New York brewing facilities.  

Foreign
Territory : Net sales in the Foreign Territory for the third quarter of 2016 were $4,085,200 compared to $5,151,700 during
the corresponding period of 2015, a decrease of $1,066,500, or 20.7% when measured in US Dollars. The decrease in sales was primarily
due to exchange rate fluctuations. When measured in UK Pounds Sterling, the functional currency of Foreign Territory, net sales
decreased by 6.8% during the third quarter of the year 2016 compared to corresponding period of 2015.  

Cost
of Goods Sold   

Cost
of goods sold as a percentage of net sales during the third quarter of 2016 was 67.9%, as compared to 66.9% during the corresponding
period of 2015.  

North
American Territory : Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales in the North American Territory during the third quarter
of 2016 was 82.1%, compared to 78.4% during the corresponding period of 2015, mainly due to lower sales volume. Utilization of
our production capacity has a direct impact on cost. Generally, when facilities are operating at a lower percentage of production
capacity, cost is unfavorably affected because fixed and semi-variable operating costs, such as depreciation and production costs,
are spread over a smaller volume base. Our production capacity is currently under-utilized, and the lower sales volume in 2016
caused further decreases in productivity.  

Foreign
Territory : Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales in the Foreign Territory during the third quarter of 2016 was 58.4%,
as compared to 60.5% during the corresponding period in 2015 due to exchange rate fluctuations.  

Gross
Profit   

Due
to the reduction in sales revenue, gross profit for the third quarter of 2016 was $2,193,400 compared to $2,778,500 during the
corresponding period of 2015, a decrease of $585,100 or 21.1%. As a percentage of net sales, gross profit during the third quarter
of 2016 decreased to 32.1% from 33.1% for the third quarter of 2015.  

Operating
Expenses   

Operating
expenses for the third quarter of 2016 were $2,507,600, a decrease of $115,500, or 4.4%, as compared to $2,623,100 for the corresponding
period of 2015. Operating expenses consist of marketing and distribution expenses and general and administrative expenses.  

Marketing
and Distribution Related Expenses : Our marketing and distribution related expenses for the third quarter of 2016 were $1,286,900,
as compared to $1,511,500 for the third quarter of 2015, representing a decrease of $224,600 or 14.9%.  

North
American Territory : Marketing and distribution related expenses in the North American Territory for the third quarter of 2016
were $300,900 compared to $317,800 during the corresponding period of 2015, representing a decrease of $16,900 or 5.3% due to
a reduction in manpower. As a percentage of net sales in the North American Territory, such expenses increased to 11% during the
third quarter of 2016, compared to 9.8% during the corresponding period of 2015.  

Foreign
Territory : Marketing and distribution related expenses in the Foreign Territory for the third quarter of 2016 were $986,000
compared to $1,193,700 during the corresponding period of 2015, representing a decrease of $207,700, or 17.4% mainly due reduction
in manpower and exchange rate fluctuation. As a percentage of net sales in the Foreign Territory, marketing and distribution expenses
increased to 24.1% during the third quarter of 2016 compared to 23.1% during the corresponding period of 2015.  

General
And Administrative Expenses : Our general and administrative expenses were $1,220,700 for the third quarter of 2016, representing
an increase of $109,100 or 9.8%, from $1,111,600 for the corresponding period in 2015.  

North
American Territory : General and administrative expenses in the North American Territory were $549,600 for the third quarter
of 2016, representing an increase of $123,000, or 28.8%, compared to $426,600 for the third quarter of 2015. The increase was
mainly due to increase in salary to administrative employees, increased accrual related to directors compensation due to increase
in number of directors and meetings. As a percentage of net sales in the North American Territory, expenses increased to 20% during
the third quarter of 2016, compared to 13.1% during the third quarter of 2015.  

Foreign
Territory : General and administrative expenses related to the Foreign Territory were $671,100 for the third quarter of the
year 2016, representing a decrease of $13,900 or 2%, when compared to $685,000 for the third quarter of 2015. The decrease was
mainly due to exchange rate fluctuation. As a percentage of net sales in the Foreign Territory, expenses increased to 16.4% during
the third quarter of 2016 compared to 13.3% during the third quarter of 2015.  

Other
Expenses   

Net
other expenses for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $157,800, representing an increase of $12,000, or 8.2%, when compared to
$145,800 for the third quarter of 2015 due to increases in interest rates on borrowings related to the North American Territory.  

Income
Taxes   

We
made no income tax provision for the third quarter of 2016 or 2015.  

Net
Income / Loss   

Our
net loss for the third quarter of 2016 was $472,000, compared to net income of $9,600 for the third quarter of 2015. After providing
for a positive foreign currency translation adjustment of $2,900 during the third quarter of 2016 (as compared to a negative foreign
currency adjustment of $2,000 for the same period in 2015), our comprehensive loss for the third quarter of 2016 was $469,100,
compared to comprehensive income of $7,600 for the same period in 2015. As stated above, the primary reason for the decrease in
income was the reduction in sales revenue during the period.  

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared To Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Net
Sales   

Our
overall net sales for the first nine months of 2016 were $21,285,700, a decrease of $1,946,200, or 8.4%, compared to net sales
of $23,231,900 for the same period in 2015.  

North
American Territory : North American Territory net sales for the first nine months of 2016 were $8,292,000 compared to $8,787,700
for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $495,700 or 5.6%. Our North American Territory sales volumes decreased to 40,200 barrels
during the first nine months of 2016 from 43,600 barrels in the first nine months of 2015, representing a decrease of 3,400 barrels
or 7.7% due to reduction in MBC brands. We continue to solicit opportunities to enter into non-binding contract brewing arrangements
to address the low production capacity utilization rates in our Ukiah, California and Saratoga Springs, New York brewing facilities,
and anticipate that fluctuations in the availability of such contract brewing arrangements will continue to impact our net sales
in the North American Territory.  

Foreign
Territory:  Net sales for the first nine months of 2016 were $12,993,700 compared to $14,444,200 during the corresponding period
of 2015, a decrease of $1,450,500 or 10%. The decrease is mainly due to exchange rate fluctuation. When measured in UK Pounds
Sterling, the functional currency of the UK, net sales decreased by 1.2%.  

Cost
of Goods Sold   

Cost
of goods sold as a percentage of net sales during the first nine months of 2016 was 69%, as compared to 68.3% during the corresponding
period of 2015.  

North
American Territory : Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales in the North American Territory during the first nine
months of 2016 was 82.2%, as compared to 81.3%, during the corresponding period of 2015. Generally, when facilities are operating
at a lower percentage of production capacity, cost is unfavorably affected because fixed and semi-variable operating costs, such
as depreciation and production costs, are spread over a smaller volume base. Our production capacity is currently under-utilized.  

Foreign
Territory : Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales in the Foreign Territory during the first nine months of 2016 was
60.6%, as compared to 60.5% during the corresponding period in 2015.  

Gross
Profit   

As
a result of a decrease in sales revenue, gross profit for the first nine months of 2016 decreased to $6,597,800, from $7,363,500
during the corresponding period of 2015, a decrease of $765,700 or 10.4%. As a percentage of net sales, the gross profit during
the first nine months of 2016 decreased to 31% from 31.7% during the corresponding period in 2015.  

Operating
Expenses   

Operating
expenses for the first nine months of 2016 were $7,496,300, a decrease of $202,200, or 2.6%, as compared to $7,698,500 for the
corresponding period of the year 2015. Operating expenses consist of marketing and distribution expenses and general and administrative
expenses.  

Marketing
and Distribution Related Expenses : Our marketing and distribution related expenses for the first nine months of 2016 were
$3,782,700, as compared to $4,371,500 for the same period in 2015, representing a decrease of $588,800 or 13.5%.  

North
American Territory : Marketing and distribution related expenses in the North American Territory for the first nine months
of 2016 were $882,300 compared to $993,500 during the corresponding period of 2015, representing a decrease of $111,200 or 11.2%
mainly due to a reduction in manpower. These expenses equaled 10.6% of net sales in the North American Territory during the first
nine months of the year 2016, compared to 11.3% during the corresponding period of 2015.  

Foreign
Territory : Marketing and distribution related expenses in the Foreign Territory for the first nine months of 2016 were $2,900,400
compared to $3,378,000 during the corresponding period of 2015, representing a decrease of $477,600 or 14.1% mainly due to exchange
rate fluctuation. As a percentage of net sales in the Foreign Territory, marketing and distribution expenses decreased to 22.3%
for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to 23.4% for the first nine months of 2015.  

General
and Administrative Expenses : Our general and administrative expenses were $3,713,600 for the first nine months of the year
2016, representing an increase of $386,600 or 11.6%, from $3,327,000 for the corresponding period in 2015.  

North
American Territory : Domestic general and administrative expenses in the North American Territory were $1,729,900 for the first
nine months of 2016, representing an increase of $442,600, or 34. 4%, from $1,287,300 for the same period in 2015 due to increases
in salaries of administrative employees, increase in legal expenses associated with raising funds and accrued compensation to
Directors on account of an increase in number of meetings. As a percentage of net sales in the North American Territory, expenses
increased to 20.9% during the first nine months of 2016, compared to 14.6% during the corresponding period in 2015.  

Foreign
Territory : General and administrative expenses related to the Foreign Territory were $1,983,700 for the first nine months
of 2016, representing a decrease of $56,000 or 2.7%, as compared to $2,039,700 for the same period in 2015. As a percentage of
net sales in the Foreign Territory, expenses increased to 15.3% during the first nine months of 2016, compared to 14.1% during
the corresponding period in 2015.  

Other
Expenses   

Net
other expenses for the first nine months of 2016 totaled $434,900 representing an increase of $23,600 or 5.7% when compared to
$411,300 for the same period in 2015. The increase was mainly due to lower other income.  

Income
Taxes   

We
had a provision of $1,600 for income taxes for the first nine months of 2016 compared to a provision of $3,800 for the corresponding
period in the year 2015.  

Net
Loss   

Our
net loss for the first nine months of 2016 was $1,335,000, as compared to net loss of $750,100 for the first nine months of 2015.
After providing for a positive foreign currency translation adjustment of $10,900 during the first nine months of 2016 (as compared
to a negative foreign currency translation adjustment of $4,900 for the same period in 2015), comprehensive loss for the first
nine months of 2016 was $1,324,100, compared to comprehensive loss of $755,000 for the same period in 2015. As stated above, the
primary reason for the loss in 2016 was the drop in sales revenues during the period.  

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

Unused
capacity at our Ukiah, California and Saratoga Springs, New York facilities has continued to place demands on our working capital.
Historically, our operations have not generated sufficient cash flows to provide us with sufficient working capital. However,
we believe that the liquidity we would derive from a related party loan, cash flows attributable to our operations, and a Financial
Transaction (as defined below), if consummated, would be sufficient to fund our capital expenditures, debt maturities and other
business needs for the next twelve months. We normally generate our liquidity and capital resources primarily through operations
and available debt financing.  

The
continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon continued financial support from Catamaran and/or UBHL, its ability
to obtain other debt or equity financing, and generating profitable operations from the Company s future operations. However,
management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of such goals. These factors
raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

Vijay
Mallya, the Company s Chairman and indirect majority shareholder is presently subject to certain legal proceedings in India,
which may impair the Company s ability to obtain financing from UBHL and other potential funding sources.  

On
December 9, 2015, the Company engaged Gordian Group, LLC ( Gordian Group ) to serve as the Company s exclusive
investment banker to assist the Company in evaluating, exploring and, if deemed appropriate by the Company, pursuing and implementing
certain strategic and financial options and transactions that may be available to the Company, including a possible debt or equity
capital financing, merger, consolidation, joint venture or other business combination involving, or sale of substantially all
or a material portion of the assets (outside of the ordinary course of business) or outstanding securities of, the Company and/or
its subsidiaries, and/or the acquisition of substantially all or a material portion of the assets or outstanding securities of
another entity (each, a  Financial Transaction ). Gordian Group is a New York-based independent investment banking
firm. While the Company has commenced evaluating its available options, no conclusion as to any specific option or transaction
has been reached, nor has any specific timetable been fixed for this effort, and there can be no assurance that any viable strategic
or financial option or transaction will be presented, implemented or consummated. The Company intends to use proceeds of the Financial
Transaction, if any, in part to repay the amount owed to Lender when it becomes due.  

UBHL
Support.  In response to the losses incurred in connection with the Company s operations, UBHL issued a letter of comfort
to the Company s accountants on March 5, 2015 (the  Letter of Comfort ) to confirm that UBHL had agreed to provide
funding on an as needed basis to ensure that the Company is able to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due.
The Letter of Comfort does not specify either the terms of UBHL s support, or a maximum dollar limit and is not a legally
binding agreement or guarantee. UBHL s financial support is contingent upon compliance with any applicable exchange control
requirements, other applicable laws, and regulations relating to the transfer of funds from India. The Letter of Comfort does
not specify any time limit for extending support. If it becomes necessary to seek UBHL s financial assistance under the
Letter of Comfort or otherwise and UBHL does not provide such financial assistance to MBC, it may result in a material adverse
effect on the Company s financial condition and on its ability to continue to operate. UBHL controls the Company s
two largest shareholders, UBA and Inversiones, and as such, is the Company s indirect majority shareholder. The Company s
Chairman of the Board, Dr. Vijay Mallya, is also the Chairman of the board of directors of UBHL.  

On
February 3, 2016, the board of directors of UBHL approved debt financing to the Company in the form of a $1,000,000 bridge loan.
The Company has not received any proceeds against this UBHL $1,000,000 bridge loan. If UBHL does not consummate this financing,
it would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability to continue
to operate.  

Catamaran
Notes.  On January 22, 2014, Catamaran, a related party, provided a loan to MBC in the principal amount of $500,000 evidenced
by a promissory note. On April 24, 2014, Catamaran provided a second loan in the principal amount of $500,000 on terms similar
to the previous note. On February 5, 2015, Catamaran provided a third loan in the principal amount of $500,000 on terms similar
to the previous notes. On June 30, 2015, Catamaran provided a fourth loan in the principal amount of $500,000 on terms similar
to the previous notes, and the Company received the proceeds against this note on July 6, 2015. Each time Catamaran provided a
loan, the Company received a letter from Lender permitting the Company to obtain such loans subject to certain conditions, including
that no portion of such loans would be payable until either (a) certain obligations of the Company to Lender pursuant to the Credit
and Security Agreement were satisfied in full, or (b) such payment was a Permitted Payment. A  Permitted Payment 
with respect to the notes dated January 22, 2014, April 24, 2014, and February 5, 2015 means a payment made from an equity investment
by the Company s majority shareholder in excess of $500,000. A  Permitted Payment  with respect to the note
dated June 30, 2015 means a payment made from an equity investment by the Company s majority shareholder. On March 14, 2016,
Catamaran provided a fifth loan in the principal amount of $325,000 on terms substantially similar to the previous notes, except
that the definition of  Permitted Payment  was revised to mean, for purposes of this fifth note, a payment made from
a bridge loan by the Company s majority shareholder in excess of $600,000. On March 30, 2016, Catamaran provided a sixth
loan in the principal amount of $75,000 on terms substantially similar to the fifth note. All Catamaran loans are payable within
six months following the date of the notes, and if the Company is not able to satisfy its obligations on these notes within the
six month period following the date of the notes, the notes shall be automatically extended for additional six month terms until
they are paid. If Catamaran ceases to provide ongoing financial support to the Company, and the Company is unable to obtain alternate
financing, it would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability
to continue to operate.  

Interest
shall accrue from the date of the applicable Catamaran note on the unpaid principal at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) one and
one-half percent (1.5%) per annum above the prime rate offered from time to time by the Bank of America Corporation in San Francisco,
California, or (ii) ten percent (10%) per annum, until the principal is fully paid.  

The
Catamaran notes may be prepaid without penalty at the option of the Company; however, no payments on the Catamaran notes may be
made unless such payment is a  Permitted Payment  or certain existing obligations of the Company to Lender pursuant
to the Credit and Security Agreement have been satisfied in full. The Catamaran notes may not be amended without the prior written
consent of Lender.  

MB
Financial Credit and Security Agreement   

On
June 23, 2011, MBC and Releta entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (as amended, the  Credit and Security Agreement )
with Cole Taylor Bank, an Illinois banking corporation ( Cole Taylor ). Cole Taylor merged into MB Financial Bank,
an Illinois banking corporation ( MB Financial ) on August 18, 2014. As used in this Report,  Lender 
shall refer to Cole Taylor prior to August 18, 2014 and to MB Financial, as successor in interest to Cole Taylor, on or after
August 18, 2014. The Credit and Security Agreement provided a credit facility with a maturity date of June 23, 2016 of up to $10,000,000
consisting of a $4,119,000 revolving facility (the  Revolver ), a $1,934,000 machinery and equipment term loan, a
$2,947,000 real estate term loan and a $1,000,000 capital expenditure line of credit. The applicable interest rates were as follows:
(a) with respect to the Revolver, the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 1.00%, (b) with respect to the machinery
and equipment term loan and the capital expenditure term loan, the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 1.50%, and
(c) with respect to the real estate term loan, the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 2.00%. As described below,
effective September 1, 2013, Lender was charging a default interest rate equal to two percent (2%) per annum in excess of the
interest rate otherwise payable under the Credit and Security Agreement. As described below, effective July 22, 2016 Lender increased
the interest rate under the Credit and Security Agreement to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 6% (including default interest)
on all loans. As described below, the Second Amendment (as defined below) (among other things) reduces the advance rate for (i)
eligible finished goods and raw material inventory and (ii) eligible work-in progress inventory by 2% each month. The advance
rates are used in the calculation of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta, which is used in the determination of the amount
available to each of MBC and Releta pursuant to the Revolver. Under the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement, if such availability
is less than $0, or if certain components of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta fall below certain limits in relation
to outstanding revolving loans, such difference shall be immediately due and payable. The Credit and Security Agreement binds
the Company to certain financial covenants including maintaining prescribed minimum tangible net worth and prescribed minimum
fixed charges coverage. There is a prepayment penalty if we prepay all of our obligations prior to the maturity date. The credit
facility is secured by a first priority security interest in all of MBC s and Releta s personal property and a first
priority mortgage on our Ukiah, California real property, among other MBC and Releta assets.  

The
Credit and Security Agreement requires MBC and Releta to maintain certain minimum fixed charge coverage ratios for trailing twelve
month periods and minimum tangible net worth. The minimum tangible net worth MBC and Releta are required to maintain is subject
to increase based on the net income of MBC and Releta. On March 29, 2013, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a First Amendment
to the Credit and Security Agreement to clarify the method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated, with retrospective
application.  

The
required fixed charge coverage ratio for the trailing twelve month periods ended March 31, 2013 onwards fell short of the required
ratio. The tangible net worth fell short of the required amount for the period beginning June 1, 2013 onwards.  

On
September 18, 2013, MBC and Releta received a notice (the  Default Notice ) from Lender regarding its intention to
exercise certain rights with respect to events of default of the Company pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement and, effective
September 1, 2013, began charging a default interest rate equal to 2% per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable
under the Credit and Security Agreement.  

On
April 18, 2014, MBC and Releta received a second notice (the  Second Default Notice ) from Lender regarding its intention
to exercise certain rights with respect to events of default of the Company pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement. The
Second Default Notice required MBC and Releta to engage a consultant to perform a viability analysis and prepare a revised projection
for 2014, to be delivered to Lender on or before April 30, 2014. MBC and Releta engaged a consultant and delivered a revised projection
on April 30, 2014. As stated in the Second Default Notice, the Company continued to be in default on the fixed charge coverage
ratio for each measurement period beginning March 31, 2013 through February 28, 2014. The required fixed charge coverage ratio
was initially required to be at least 1.05 to 1.00, but as of July 31, 2013, the required fixed charge coverage ratio increased
to 1.10 to 1.00 pursuant to the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement. The Second Default Notice also stated that the tangible
net worth of MBC and Releta continued to fall short of the required amount as measured through February 28, 2014.  

Effective
August 20, 2014, pursuant to a notice to MBC and Releta dated August 18, 2014 (the  Third Default Notice ) which referred
to MBC s and Releta s continued failure to meet the required fixed charge coverage ratio and the tangible net worth
requirement, Lender notified MBC and Releta that it would reduce the advance rate for (i) eligible finished goods and raw material
inventory and (ii) eligible work-in progress inventory by 2% each month. As noted above, the advance rates are used in the calculation
of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta, which is used in the determination of the amount available to each of MBC and
Releta pursuant to the Revolver. As noted above, under the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement, if such availability is
less than $0, or if certain components of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta fall below certain limits in relation to
outstanding revolving loans, such difference shall be immediately due and payable.  

On
January 21, 2015, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Second Amendment (the  Second Amendment ) to the Credit and
Security Agreement. The Second Amendment reduced the maximum amount of the Revolver from $4,119,000 to $2,500,000. The Second
Amendment also changed the definition of borrowing base (including by lowering certain advance rates) such that the calculation
of the borrowing base will result in a lower number than it would have if calculated prior to the effectiveness of the Second
Amendment. The Second Amendment also reduced the advance rate for (i) eligible finished goods and raw material inventory and (ii)
eligible work-in progress inventory by two percent (2%) and continues to reduce each by an additional two percent (2%) on the
20th day of each month thereafter. The advance rates are used in the calculation of the borrowing base of each borrower, which
is used in the determination of the amount available to each borrower pursuant to the Revolver. As stated above, if such availability
is less than $0, or if certain components of the borrowing base fall below certain limits in relation to outstanding revolving
loans, such difference shall be immediately due and payable.  

Effective
June 20, 2016, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Third Amendment (the  Third Amendment ) to the Credit and Security
Agreement. The Third Amendment extended the maturity date of the Credit and Security Agreement from June 23, 2016 to July 23,
2016. The Third Amendment also reduced the Revolver from $2,500,000 to $1,250,000. Effective July 22, 2016, MBC, Releta, and Lender
entered into a Fourth Amendment (the  Fourth Amendment ) to the Credit and Security Agreement. The Fourth Amendment
extended the maturity date of the Credit and Security Agreement from July 23, 2016 to September 21, 2016 and increased the interest
rate under the Credit and Security Agreement to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 6% (including default interest). Effective
September 21, 2016, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Fifth Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement which extended
the maturity date of the Credit and Security Agreement from September 21, 2016 to October 21, 2016. Effective October 18, 2016,
MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Sixth Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement which extended the maturity date of
the Credit and Security Agreement from October 21, 2016 to December 31, 2016. Lender has absolutely no commitment and has made
no agreement to extend the maturity date beyond December 31, 2016. The Sixth Amendment also confirms the continuance of certain
events of default under the Credit and Security Agreement.  

As
of September 30, 2016, pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement, the fixed charge coverage ratio was required to be 1.15
to 1. The Company calculated that the fixed charge coverage ratio as of September 30, 2016 was -1.02 to 1. The Company calculated
that the required tangible net worth of MBC and Releta was $6,181,400 as of September 30, 2016 and the actual tangible net worth
on such date was $3,317,200. The Company does not anticipate that it will regain compliance with the required fixed charge coverage
ratio or the minimum tangible net worth, as required by the Credit and Security Agreement.  

The
Credit and Security Agreement provides that the failure of MBC and Releta to observe any covenant will constitute an event of
default under the Credit and Security Agreement. Lender has not waived the events of default described in the Default Notice,
the Second Default Notice or the Third Default Notice and has reserved the right to all other available rights and remedies under
the Credit and Security Agreement, certain other related documents and applicable law. An event of default shall be deemed continuing
until waived in writing by Lender. Under the Credit and Security Agreement, upon the occurrence of an event of default, all of
MBC s and Releta s obligations under the Credit and Security Agreement may, at Lender s option, be declared,
and immediately shall become, due and payable, without notice of any kind. Lender could declare the full amount owed under the
Credit and Security Agreement due and payable at any time for any reason or no reason. Since executing the Sixth Amendment, the
Company has not received any notice or other communication from Lender that it intends to exercise any other remedies available
to it under the Credit and Security Agreement in connection with the events of default. As noted above, effective July 22, 2016,
Lender increased the interest rate under the Credit and Security Agreement to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 6% (including
default interest). The Company estimates this increase in interest rate will result in the payment by the Company to Lender of
additional interest of approximately $9,000 per month. The exercise of additional remedies by Lender may have a material adverse
effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability to continue to operate. The Credit and Security
Agreement expires on December 31, 2016. There is no guarantee that MBC and Releta will be able to obtain alternate financing on
terms favorable to the Company or on any terms. If the Company is unable to obtain alternate financing, it will have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability to continue to operate.  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $84,700, an accumulated deficit of $18,730,600, and a working
capital deficit of $12,265,800 due to losses incurred, debts payable to Lender and notes payable to related parties. In addition,
the book value of the Company s assets was lower than the book value of its liabilities at September 30, 2016.  

HUK
Facility.  On April 18, 2013, KBEL entered into a loan agreement with HUK pursuant to which HUK agreed to provide KBEL with
a secured term loan facility of  1,000,000 to be made available, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions precedent,
on October 9, 2013, to be repaid in full by October 9, 2016. KBEL availed itself of the loan on October 9, 2013. The Loan Agreement
with HUK is described under the section captioned  Description Of Our Indebtedness  below. On October 9, 2016, KBEL
paid the final installment and settled the loan in full.  

Our
available cash is insufficient to fund ongoing business operations, and therefore we need to raise additional funds through bank
credit arrangements, or public or private equity or debt financings as described above. If we are not able to obtain bank credit
arrangements or to effect an equity or debt financing on terms acceptable to us or at all, this will have a material adverse effect
on the Company s financial condition and ability to continue to operate. For example, MB Financial may seek to satisfy any
outstanding obligations through recourse against the applicable pledged collateral which may include our real property, fixed
assets and current assets. The loss of any material pledged asset would likely have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition and ability to continue to operate.  

We
have several loans, lines of credit, other credit facilities and lease agreements which are currently outstanding (collectively,
 Indebtedness ). We currently make timely payments of principal and interest relating to the Indebtedness as they
fall due and anticipate that we will continue to make such timely payments in the immediate future. However, if we fail to maintain
any of the financial covenants under the various agreements governing Indebtedness (such as the defaults under the Credit and
Security Agreement described above), fail to make timely payments of amounts due under the Indebtedness, or commit any other breach
resulting in an event of default under the agreements governing Indebtedness, such events of default (including cross-defaults)
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to continue to operate. If our existing debt were
accelerated and terminated, we would need to obtain replacement financing, the lack of which would have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and ability to continue to operate. In addition, the Company s lenders may seek to satisfy any
outstanding obligations through recourse against the applicable pledged collateral which may include our real property and fixed
and current assets. The loss of any material pledged asset would likely have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition and ability to continue to operate.  

Management
has taken several actions to reduce the Company s working capital needs through June 30, 2017, including reducing discretionary
expenditures, reducing manpower, securing additional brewing contracts in an effort to utilize a portion of its excess production
capacity and appointing Gordian Group for a potential Financial Transaction. The current revenue from operations are insufficient
to meet the working capital needs of the Company over the next 12 months. The Company has requested UBHL to make a capital infusion.  

If
UBHL or other sources do not provide sufficient financial assistance to MBC, it will result in a material adverse effect on the
Company s financial condition and on its ability to continue to operate and we may have to raise funds by selling some of
the Company s operating assets. In addition, the Company s lenders may seek to satisfy any outstanding obligations
through recourse against the applicable pledged collateral which includes the Company s real and personal property in the
United States and the United Kingdom. The loss of any material pledged asset would have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition and its ability to continue to operate.  

Vijay
Mallya, the Company s Chairman and indirect majority shareholder is presently subject to certain legal proceedings in India,
which may impair the Company s ability to obtain financing from UBHL and other potential funding sources.  

Cash
Flow Results   

Net
cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $1,020,200, compared $1,155,200 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the first nine months ended September 30, 2016, accounts receivable decreased by
$432,400 mainly due to increased collections in the Foreign Territory. Accounts payable during the first nine months ended September
30, 2016 increased by $278,800, mainly due to increase in the accounts payable in our Foreign Territory. Our inventory decreased
by $67,300 during the first nine months of 2016 due to lower production in North American Territory. Accrued liabilities increased
by $370,800 during the first nine months of 2016 mainly due to an increase in provisions for directors compensation.  

Net
cash used in investing activities totaled $205,900 for the first nine months of 2016, compared to $403,800 during the corresponding
period in 2015, due to decreased purchases of beer dispensing equipment.  

Net
cash used in financing activities during the first nine months of 2016 totaled $854,100, compared to net cash used in financing
activities during the first nine months of 2015 of $794,700, as a result of borrowing against notes payable to Catamaran in the
North American Territory, decrease in use of the revolving lines of credit and repayment of debts to MB Financial and HUK.  

Description
of Our Indebtedness   

MB
Financial Facility   

On
June 23, 2011, MBC and Releta entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (as amended, the  Credit and Security Agreement )
with Cole Taylor Bank, an Illinois banking corporation ( Cole Taylor ). Cole Taylor merged into MB Financial Bank,
an Illinois banking corporation ( MB Financial ) on August 18, 2014. As used in this Report,  Lender 
shall refer to Cole Taylor prior to August 18, 2014 and to MB Financial, as successor in interest to Cole Taylor, on or after
August 18, 2014. The Credit and Security Agreement provided a credit facility with a maturity date of June 23, 2016 of up to $10,000,000
consisting of a $4,119,000 revolving facility (the  Revolver ), a $1,934,000 machinery and equipment term loan, a
$2,947,000 real estate term loan and a $1,000,000 capital expenditure line of credit. The applicable interest rates were as follows:
(a) with respect to the Revolver, the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 1.00%, (b) with respect to the machinery
and equipment term loan and the capital expenditure term loan, the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 1.50%, and
(c) with respect to the real estate term loan, the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus a margin of 2.00%. As described below,
effective September 1, 2013, Lender was charging a default interest rate equal to two percent (2%) per annum in excess of the
interest rate otherwise payable under the Credit and Security Agreement. As described below, effective July 22, 2016 Lender increased
the interest rate under the Credit and Security Agreement to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 6% (including default interest)
on all loans. As described below, the Second Amendment (among other things) reduces the advance rate for (i) eligible finished
goods and raw material inventory and (ii) eligible work-in progress inventory by 2% each month. The advance rates are used in
the calculation of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta, which is used in the determination of the amount available to
each of MBC and Releta pursuant to the Revolver. Under the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement, if such availability is
less than $0, or if certain components of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta fall below certain limits in relation to
outstanding revolving loans, such difference shall be immediately due and payable. The Credit and Security Agreement binds the
Company to certain financial covenants including maintaining prescribed minimum tangible net worth and prescribed minimum fixed
charges coverage. There is a prepayment penalty if we prepay all of our obligations prior to the maturity date. The credit facility
is secured by a first priority security interest in all of MBC s and Releta s personal property and a first priority
mortgage on our Ukiah, California real property, among other MBC and Releta assets.  

The
Credit and Security Agreement requires MBC and Releta to maintain certain minimum fixed charge coverage ratios for trailing twelve
month periods and minimum tangible net worth. The minimum tangible net worth MBC and Releta are required to maintain is subject
to increase based on the net income of MBC and Releta. On March 29, 2013, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a First Amendment
to the Credit and Security Agreement to clarify the method by which the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated, with retrospective
application.  

The
required fixed charge coverage ratio for the trailing twelve month periods ended March 31, 2013 onwards fell short of the required
ratio. The tangible net worth fell short of the required amount for the period beginning June 1, 2013 onwards.  

On
September 18, 2013, MBC and Releta received a notice (the  Default Notice ) from Lender regarding its intention to
exercise certain rights with respect to events of default of the Company pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement and, effective
September 1, 2013, began charging a default interest rate equal to 2% per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable
under the Credit and Security Agreement.  

On
April 18, 2014, MBC and Releta received a second notice (the  Second Default Notice ) from Lender regarding its intention
to exercise certain rights with respect to events of default of the Company pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement. The
Second Default Notice required MBC and Releta to engage a consultant to perform a viability analysis and prepare a revised projection
for 2014, to be delivered to Lender on or before April 30, 2014. MBC and Releta engaged a consultant and delivered a revised projection
on April 30, 2014. As stated in the Second Default Notice, the Company continued to be in default on the fixed charge coverage
ratio for each measurement period beginning March 31, 2013 through February 28, 2014. The required fixed charge coverage ratio
was initially required to be at least 1.05 to 1.00, but as of July 31, 2013, the required fixed charge coverage ratio increased
to 1.10 to 1.00 pursuant to the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement. The Second Default Notice also stated that the tangible
net worth of MBC and Releta continued to fall short of the required amount as measured through February 28, 2014.  

Effective
August 20, 2014, pursuant to a notice to MBC and Releta dated August 18, 2014 (the  Third Default Notice ) which referred
to MBC s and Releta s continued failure to meet the required fixed charge coverage ratio and the tangible net worth
requirement, Lender notified MBC and Releta that it would reduce the advance rate for (i) eligible finished goods and raw material
inventory and (ii) eligible work-in progress inventory by 2% each month. The advance rates are used in the calculation of the
borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta, which is used in the determination of the amount available to each of MBC and Releta
pursuant to the Revolver. Under the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement, if such availability is less than $0, or if certain
components of the borrowing base of each of MBC and Releta fall below certain limits in relation to outstanding revolving loans,
such difference shall be immediately due and payable.  

On
January 21, 2015, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Second Amendment (the  Second Amendment ) to the Credit and
Security Agreement. The Second Amendment reduced the maximum amount of the Revolver from $4,119,000 to $2,500,000. The Second
Amendment also changed the definition of borrowing base (including by lowering certain advance rates) such that the calculation
of the borrowing base will result in a lower number than it would have if calculated prior to the effectiveness of the Second
Amendment. The Second Amendment also reduced the advance rate for (i) eligible finished goods and raw material inventory and (ii)
eligible work-in progress inventory by two percent (2%) and continues to reduce each by an additional two percent (2%) on the
20th day of each month thereafter. The advance rates are used in the calculation of the borrowing base of each borrower, which
is used in the determination of the amount available to each borrower pursuant to the Revolver. As stated above, if such availability
is less than $0, or if certain components of the borrowing base fall below certain limits in relation to outstanding revolving
loans, such difference shall be immediately due and payable.  

Effective
June 20, 2016, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Third Amendment (the  Third Amendment ) to the Credit and Security
Agreement. The Third Amendment extended the maturity date of the Credit and Security Agreement from June 23, 2016 to July 23,
2016. The Third Amendment also reduced the Revolver from $2,500,000 to $1,250,000. Effective July 22, 2016, MBC, Releta, and Lender
entered into a Fourth Amendment (the  Fourth Amendment ) to the Credit and Security Agreement. The Fourth Amendment
extended the maturity date of the Credit and Security Agreement from July 23, 2016 to September 21, 2016 and increased the interest
rate under the Credit and Security Agreement to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 6% (including default interest). Effective
September 21, 2016, MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Fifth Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement which extended
the maturity date of the Credit and Security Agreement from September 21, 2016 to October 21, 2016. Effective October 18, 2016,
MBC, Releta, and Lender entered into a Sixth Amendment to the Credit and Security Agreement which extended the maturity date of
the Credit and Security Agreement from October 21, 2016 to December 31, 2016. Lender has absolutely no commitment and has made
no agreement to extend the maturity date beyond December 31, 2016. The Sixth Amendment also confirms the continuance of certain
events of default under the Credit and Security Agreement.  

As
of September 30, 2016, pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement, the fixed charge coverage ratio was required to be 1.15
to 1. The Company calculated that the fixed charge coverage ratio as of September 30, 2016 was -1.02 to 1. The Company calculated
that the required tangible net worth of MBC and Releta was $6,181,400 as of September 30, 2016 and the actual tangible net worth
on such date was $3,317,200. The Company does not anticipate that it will regain compliance with the required fixed charge coverage
ratio or the minimum tangible net worth, as required by the Credit and Security Agreement.  

The
Credit and Security Agreement provides that the failure of MBC and Releta to observe any covenant will constitute an event of
default under the Credit and Security Agreement. Lender has not waived the events of default described in the Default Notice,
the Second Default Notice or the Third Default Notice and has reserved the right to all other available rights and remedies under
the Credit and Security Agreement, certain other related documents and applicable law. An event of default shall be deemed continuing
until waived in writing by Lender. Under the Credit and Security Agreement, upon the occurrence of an event of default, all of
MBC s and Releta s obligations under the Credit and Security Agreement may, at Lender s option, be declared,
and immediately shall become, due and payable, without notice of any kind. Lender could declare the full amount owed under the
Credit and Security Agreement due and payable at any time for any reason or no reason. Since executing the Sixth Amendment, the
Company has not received any notice or other communication from Lender that it intends to exercise any other remedies available
to it under the Credit and Security Agreement in connection with the events of default. As noted above, effective July 22, 2016
Lender increased the interest rate under the Credit and Security Agreement to the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 6% (including
default interest). The Company estimates this increase in interest rate will result in the payment by the Company to Lender of
additional interest of approximately $9,000 per month. The exercise of additional remedies by Lender may have a material adverse
effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability to continue to operate. The Credit and Security
Agreement expires on December 31, 2016. There is no guarantee that MBC and Releta will be able to obtain alternate financing on
terms favorable to the Company or on any terms. If the Company is unable to obtain alternate financing, it will have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability to continue to operate.  

Master
Line of Credit and UBA Notes    

On
August 31, 1999, MBC and UBA, one of our principal shareholders, entered into a Master Line of Credit Agreement, which was subsequently
amended in April 2000 and February 2001 (the  Credit Agreement ). The terms of the Credit Agreement provide us with
a line of credit in the principal amount of up to $1,600,000. As of the date of this filing, UBA has made thirteen separate advances
to us under the Credit Agreement and one additional advance on March 2, 2005, on substantially the same terms as those under the
Credit Agreement, pursuant to a series of individual eighteen-month convertible promissory notes issued by us to UBA (the  UBA
Notes ). Thirteen of the UBA Notes are convertible into common stock of the Company at a rate of $1.50 per share and one
UBA Note is convertible at a rate of $1.44 per share. UBA has executed an Extension of Term of Notes under Master Line of Credit
Agreement and an amendment to the March 2, 2005 note (together, the  Extension Agreements ). The Extension Agreements,
as amended, confirm UBA s extension of the terms of the UBA Notes for a period ending on June 30, 2017, with automatic renewals
after such maturity date for successive one year terms, provided that either MBC or UBA may elect not to extend a term upon written
notice given to the other party no more than 60 days and no fewer than 30 days prior to the expiration of the applicable term.  

The
UBA Notes require us to make quarterly interest payments to UBA on the first day of April, July, October, and January. To date,
UBA has permitted us to capitalize all accrued interest; therefore, we have borrowed the maximum amount available under the facility.
Upon maturity of any of the UBA Notes, unless UBA has given us prior instructions to commence repayment of the outstanding principal
balance, the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on such UBA Notes may be converted, at the option of UBA, into
shares of our common stock. During the extended term of the UBA Notes, UBA has the right to require us to repay the outstanding
principal balance, along with the accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to UBA within 60 days. However, the UBA Notes are subordinated
to credit facilities extended to us by Lender pursuant to a subordination agreement executed by UBA. Per the terms of the subordination
agreement, UBA is precluded from demanding repayment of the UBA Notes unless and until the Lender s facility is repaid in
full.  

The
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the UBA Notes as of September 30, 2016 was $1,915,400, and the accrued but unpaid interest
thereon was equal to approximately $1,836,600, for a total amount outstanding of $3,752,000.  

As
of September 30, 2016, the outstanding principal and interest on the UBA Notes was convertible into approximately 2,520,100 shares
of our common stock. However, as the current market price of our common stock is substantially less than the conversion rate,
voluntary conversion by UBA is unlikely.  

Catamaran
Notes:   

On
January 22, 2014, Catamaran, a related party, provided a loan to MBC in the principal amount of $500,000 evidenced by a promissory
note. On April 24, 2014, Catamaran provided a second loan in the principal amount of $500,000 on terms similar to the previous
note. On February 5, 2015, Catamaran provided a third loan in the principal amount of $500,000 on terms similar to the previous
notes. On June 30, 2015, Catamaran provided a fourth loan in the principal amount of $500,000 on terms similar to the previous
notes, and the Company received the proceeds against this note on July 6, 2015. Each time Catamaran provided a loan, the Company
received a letter from Lender permitting the Company to obtain such loans subject to certain conditions, including that no portion
of such loans would be payable until either (a) certain obligations of the Company to Lender pursuant to the Credit and Security
Agreement (as defined below) were satisfied in full, or (b) such payment was a Permitted Payment. A  Permitted Payment 
with respect to the notes dated January 22, 2014, April 24, 2014, and February 5, 2015 means a payment made from an equity investment
by the Company s majority shareholder in excess of $500,000. A  Permitted Payment  with respect to the note
dated June 30, 2015 means a payment made from an equity investment by the Company s majority shareholder. On March 14, 2016,
Catamaran provided a fifth loan in the principal amount of $325,000 on terms substantially similar to the previous notes, except
that the definition of  Permitted Payment  was revised to mean, for purposes of this fifth note, a payment made from
a bridge loan by the Company s majority shareholder in excess of $600,000. On March 30, 2016, Catamaran provided a sixth
loan in the principal amount of $75,000 on terms substantially similar to the fifth note. The Catamaran loans are payable within
six months following the date of the notes, and if the Company is not able to satisfy its obligations on these notes within the
six month period following the date of the notes, the notes shall be automatically extended for additional six month terms until
they are paid. If Catamaran ceases to provide ongoing financial support to the Company, and the Company is unable to obtain alternate
financing, it would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the Company s ability
to continue to operate.  

Interest
shall accrue from the date of the applicable Catamaran note on the unpaid principal at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) one and
one-half percent (1.5%) per annum above the prime rate offered from time to time by the Bank of America Corporation in San Francisco,
California, or (ii) ten percent (10%) per annum, until the principal is fully paid.  

The
Catamaran notes may be prepaid without penalty at the option of the Company; however, no payments on the Catamaran notes may be
made unless such payment is a  Permitted Payment  or certain existing obligations of the Company to Lender pursuant
to the Credit and Security Agreement have been satisfied in full. The Catamaran notes may not be amended without the prior written
consent of Lender.  

Other
Loans, Credit Facilities and Commitments   

Heineken
Loan   

On
April 18, 2013, KBEL entered into a loan agreement with Heineken UK Limited ( HUK ) pursuant to which HUK agreed to
provide KBEL with a secured term loan facility of  1,000,000 (the  HUK Loan Agreement ) which was made available,
upon the fulfillment of certain conditions precedent, on October 9, 2013 and to be repaid in full by October 9, 2016. Interest
on the loan is payable quarterly in arrears on the outstanding balance of the loan at the rate of 5% above the Bank of England
base rate. Prepayment is permitted. Upon an event of default, as defined in the HUK Loan Agreement, if HUK and KBEL fail to agree
on a payment plan acceptable to HUK, HUK may, among other remedies, declare the loan immediately due and repayable or exercise
its right to an exclusive license pursuant to the Sub-License Agreement as described and defined in the HUK Loan Agreement. On
October 9, 2016, KBEL paid the final installment and settled the loan in full.  

Royal
Bank of Scotland Facility   

On
April 26, 2005, RBS provided KBEL with an approximately $2.8 million ( 1,750,000) maximum revolving line of credit with
an advance rate based on 80% of KBEL s qualified accounts receivable. On July 20, 2016, KBEL used the proceeds from the
Invoice Discounting Facility provided by Santander (described below) to repay the amount owed in full to RBS and terminated this
facility.  

Santander
Facility:   

On
July 20, 2016, KBEL entered into a Sales Finance Agreement with Santander, (the  Invoice Discounting Facility ) pursuant
to which Santander provided KBEL with an approximately $2.8 million ( 1,750,000) maximum revolving line of credit (the  Review
Limit ) with advances permitted up to 85% of KBEL s qualified accounts receivable. This facility has a minimum maturity
of twelve months, but will be automatically extended unless terminated by either party upon three months  written notice.
If the Invoice Discounting Facility terminates on or before the first anniversary, KBEL must pay as breakage costs 3% of the Review
Limit. The Invoice Discounting Facility carries an interest rate of 2.1% above the Santander base rate and a fixed service charge
of approximately $1,300 ( 1,000) per month. The Invoice Discounting Facility binds KBEL to certain financial covenants relating
to accounts receivable including turnover ratios, maximum dilution, and ageing, while also requiring KBEL to maintain a minimum
level of net tangible assets.  

Weighted
Average Interest   

The
weighted average interest rates paid on our US indebtedness was 6% for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015. For loans primarily
associated with our Foreign Territory, the weighted average rate paid was 4% and 5% for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015
respectively.  

Current
Ratio   

On
September 30, 2016, our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.30 to 1.00 and our ratio of total assets to total
liabilities was 0.84 to 1.00. On September 30, 2015, our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.35 to 1.0 and our
ratio of total assets to total liabilities was 0.93 to 1.0.  

Restricted
Net Assets   

The
Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, UBIUK, had undistributed losses of $129,900 as of September 30, 2016. Under KBEL s
line of credit agreement with RBS, distributions and other payments to MBC from KBEL were not permitted if retained earnings dropped
below $1,301,500.  

Item
3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

Not
required for smaller reporting companies.  

Item
4.        Controls and
Procedures    

Disclosure
Controls And Procedures   

Our
Management team, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer)
and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the last day of the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The term
disclosure controls and procedures means our controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based
on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of September 30, 2016.  

Changes
In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There
have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II   

OTHER
INFORMATION   

Item
3.        Defaults Upon
Senior Securities    

The
discussion provided under the heading  Liquidity and Capital Resources  with respect to our default under the Credit
and Security Agreement with MB Financial, as successor in interest to Cole Taylor, and the discussion under the subheading  MB
Financial Facility,  under the heading  Description of Our Indebtedness,  both set forth in Item 2 of PART I
of this Quarterly Report, are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety.  

Item
6.        Exhibits    

Exhibit
    Number  
         
      Description   

10.1  
      (A)  
      Fifth
    Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, effective as of September 21, 2016, by and among MB Financial Bank, N.A., successor
    in interest to Cole Taylor Bank, Mendocino Brewing Company, Inc., a California corporation, and Releta Brewing Company LLC,
    a Delaware limited liability company.   

10.2  
      (B)  
      Sixth
    Amendment to Credit and Security Agreement, effective as of October 18, 2016, by and among MB Financial Bank, N.A., successor
    in interest to Cole Taylor Bank, Mendocino Brewing Company, Inc., a California corporation, and Releta Brewing Company LLC,
    a Delaware limited liability company.   

31.1  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.*   

31.2  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.*   

32.1  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section
    1350.**   

32.2  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section
    1350.**   

101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document   

101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*
Filed herewith.  

  **
Furnished herewith.  

NOTE :
Each Exhibit listed above that is annotated with one of the following letters is incorporated by reference from the following
sources:  

SignatureS   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

mendocino
    brewing company, inc.   

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:
      
       /s/
    Yashpal Singh    

Yashpal
    Singh   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:
      
       /s/
    Mahadevan Narayanan    

Mahadevan
    Narayanan   

Chief
    Financial Officer and Secretary   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

I,
Yashpal Singh, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mendocino Brewing Company, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b.  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Yashpal Singh    

Yashpal
    Singh,    

Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

I,
Mahadevan Narayanan, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mendocino Brewing Company, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b.  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Mahadevan Narayanan    

Mahadevan
    Narayanan,   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Mendocino Brewing Company, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, Yashpal Singh, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
    and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Yashpal Singh     

Yashpal
    Singh   

Title:
    Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Mendocino Brewing Company, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, Mahadevan Narayanan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
    and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Mahadevan Narayanan     

Mahadevan
    Narayanan   

Title:
    Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 menb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 menb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 menb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 menb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 menb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 menb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

