<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1313275_0001193125-16-757006_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2618758</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114488</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>161030</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>501970</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1013801</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>625673</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-757006.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102160249
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-757006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIGHTCOVE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001313275
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				201579162
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35429
		FILM NUMBER:		161967783

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		290 CONGRESS STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 882-1880

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		290 CONGRESS STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VIDEO MARKETPLACE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-757006.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 d270457d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number: 001-35429        
       BRIGHTCOVE
INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  20-1579162   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    290 Congress Street   
  Boston, MA 02210      (Address
of principal executive offices)      (888) 882-1880   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 As of October 28, 2016 there were 33,783,814 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   BRIGHTCOVE INC.   
    Table of Contents       

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended
 September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine
 months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30,
 2016 and 2015    

6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations    

14 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

30 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

32 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     

32 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

32 

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

32 

Item 5. Other Information    

33 

Item 6. Exhibits    

34 

Signatures    

35 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  Brightcove Inc.       
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets      (unaudited)       

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   Brightcove Inc.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   
  (unaudited)       
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Brightcove Inc.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss   
  (unaudited)       
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Brightcove Inc.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (unaudited)       
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Brightcove Inc.   
    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (unaudited)      (in
thousands, except share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)      1. Business Description and Basis of Presentation   
   Business Description      Brightcove
Inc. (the Company) is a leading global provider of cloud services for video which enable its customers to publish and distribute video to Internet-connected devices quickly, easily and in a cost-effective and high-quality manner.  
 The Company is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts and was incorporated in the state of Delaware on August 24, 2004. At September 30,
2016, the Company had nine wholly-owned subsidiaries: Brightcove UK Ltd, Brightcove Singapore Pte. Ltd., Brightcove Korea, Brightcove Australia Pty Ltd, Brightcove Holdings, Inc., Brightcove Kabushiki Kaisha (Brightcove KK), Zencoder Inc.
(Zencoder), Brightcove FZ-LLC, and Cacti Acquisition LLC.    On March 10, 2016, the Company purchased an intangible asset for $300 plus a
contingent amount of up to an additional $250 to be determined on the 90 th  day following the closing date. In June 2016, it was determined that no additional consideration was to be provided in
connection with the intangible asset purchase. The useful life of the intangible asset was determined to be three years. As of September 30, 2016, the net carrying value of the intangible asset was $244.  
   Basis of Presentation      The
accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited. These condensed consolidated financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes, together
with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States have been condensed or
omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2015 contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other interim period or the full year.  
 The Company considers events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of the financial statements to
provide additional evidence for certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure. Subsequent events have been evaluated as required. The Company has evaluated all subsequent events and determined that there are no material
recognized or unrecognized subsequent events requiring disclosure, other than those disclosed in this Report on Form 10-Q.    The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described below and elsewhere in these notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. As of September 30,
2016, the Company s significant accounting policies and estimates, which are detailed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, have not changed.  
  2. Concentration of Credit Risk     The
Company has no significant off-balance sheet risk, such as foreign exchange contracts, option contracts or other foreign hedging arrangements. Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist
primarily of cash, cash equivalents and trade accounts receivable. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents principally with accredited financial institutions of high credit standing. Although the Company deposits its cash with multiple
financial institutions, its deposits, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company routinely assesses the creditworthiness of its customers. The Company generally has not experienced any material losses related to receivables from
individual customers, or groups of customers. The Company does not require collateral. Due to these factors, no additional credit risk beyond amounts provided for collection losses is believed by management to be probable in the Company s
accounts receivable.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, no individual customer accounted for 10%
or more of net accounts receivable. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no individual customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenue.  
  3. Concentration of Other Risks     The
Company is dependent on certain content delivery network providers who provide digital media delivery functionality enabling the Company s on-demand application service to function as intended for the Company s customers and ultimate
end-users. The disruption of these services could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations.  
  4. Cash and Cash Equivalents     The Company
considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Management determines the appropriate classification of investments at the time of purchase, and
re-evaluates such determination at each balance sheet date. The Company did not have any short-term or long-term investments at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  
 Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash on deposit with banks and amounts held in interest-bearing money market accounts. Cash
equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates their fair market value.    Cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016
consist of the following:      
   Cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2015 consist of the following:  
   
    5. Net Loss per Share   
 The following potentially dilutive common stock equivalent shares have been excluded from the computation of weighted-average shares
outstanding as their effect would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands):      
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

   6. Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 The following tables set forth the Company s financial instruments carried at fair value using the lowest level of input as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
     
    7. Stock-based Compensation   
 The fair value of stock options granted was estimated at the date of grant using the following weighted-average assumptions:  
   
   The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $1,681 and $1,523 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $4,265 and $4,312 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, there was $13,113 of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related
to stock-based awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.55 years. The following is a summary of the status of the Company s stock options as of September 30, 2016 and the stock option activity
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 The aggregate intrinsic value was calculated based on the positive difference between the fair value of the Company s common stock on September 30, 2016 of $13.05 per share, or the date of exercise, as
appropriate, and the exercise price of the underlying options.    

(2) 
 This represents the number of vested options as of September 30, 2016 plus the number of unvested options expected to vest as of September 30, 2016 based on the unvested options outstanding at
September 30, 2016 adjusted for an estimated forfeiture rate.      The following table summarizes the restricted stock unit
activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
    8. Income Taxes   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded income tax expense of $61 and $123, respectively. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded income tax expense of $202 and $255, respectively. The income tax expense relates principally to the Company s foreign operations.  
 The Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its U.S. net deferred tax assets. As required
by the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740,  Income Taxes , management has determined that it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will not utilize the benefits of federal and state U.S. net deferred tax assets for
financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, the net deferred tax assets are subject to a valuation allowance at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company s income tax return reporting periods since December 31, 2012 are
open to income tax audit examination by the federal and state tax authorities. In addition, because the Company has net operating loss carryforwards, the Internal Revenue Service is permitted to audit earlier years and propose adjustments up to the
amount of net operating losses generated in those years. There are currently no federal, state or foreign audits in progress.     9. Commitments and
Contingencies      Legal Matters     The
Company, from time to time, is party to litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Management does not believe that the outcome of these claims will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of
operations or cash flows of the Company based on the status of proceedings at this time.    On July 8, 2016, a complaint was filed by Brand
Technologies, Inc. naming the Company, along with several others, as a defendant in a case alleging copyright infringement, violations of the Lanham Act, unfair competition and related claims (Brand Technologies, Inc. v. Cox Enterprises, Inc., et
al., United States District Court for the Central District of California). The complaint alleges that Cox Media Group (CMG) engaged in the unlicensed provision of copyrighted videos owned by the plaintiff on CMG websites by using a Brightcove
technology. The complaint seeks actual and statutory damages, costs and injunctive relief. On September 22, 2016, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint. The Company has not yet answered the amended complaint or otherwise filed a responsive
pleading. The Company cannot yet determine whether it is probable that a loss will be incurred in connection with this complaint, nor can the Company reasonably estimate the potential loss, if any.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  On July 30, 2016, a complaint was filed by Autumn Cloud LLC naming the Company as a defendant in a patent
infringement case (Autumn Cloud LLC v. Brightcove Inc., United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas). The complaint alleges that Brightcove has infringed U.S. Patent 7,606,843 with an issue date of October 20, 2009, entitled
 System and Method for Customizing the Storage and Management of Device Data in a Networked Environment,  and U.S. Patent 8,239,347 with an issue date of August 7, 2012, entitled  System and Method for Customizing the Storage and
Management of Device Data in a Networked Environment.  The complaint seeks monetary damages and declarations of infringement. Autumn Cloud has not yet served the complaint on Brightcove. Brightcove cannot yet determine whether it is probable
that a loss will be incurred in connection with this complaint, nor can we reasonably estimate the potential loss, if any.     Guarantees and
Indemnification Obligations     The Company typically enters into indemnification agreements in the ordinary course of business. Pursuant
to these agreements, the Company indemnifies and agrees to reimburse the indemnified party for losses and costs incurred by the indemnified party, generally the Company s customers, in connection with patent, copyright, trade secret, or other
intellectual property or personal right infringement claim by third parties with respect to the Company s technology. The term of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual after execution of the agreement. Based on when customers
first subscribe for the Company s service, the maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under certain of these indemnification agreements is unlimited, however, more recently the Company has typically
limited the maximum potential value of such potential future payments in relation to the value of the contract. Based on historical experience and information known as of September 30, 2016, the Company has not incurred any costs for the above
guarantees and indemnities. The Company has received requests for indemnification from customers in connection with patent infringement suits brought against the customer by a third party. To date, the Company has not agreed that the requested
indemnification is required by the Company s contract with any such customer.    In certain circumstances, the Company warrants that
its products and services will perform in all material respects in accordance with its standard published specification documentation in effect at the time of delivery of the licensed products and services to the customer for the warranty period of
the product or service. To date, the Company has not incurred significant expense under its warranties and, as a result, the Company believes the estimated fair value of these agreements is immaterial.  
  10. Debt     On November 19, 2015, the
Company entered into an amended and restated loan and security agreement with a lender (the  Loan Agreement ) providing for up to a $20.0 million asset based line of credit (the  Line of Credit ). Under the Line of Credit, the
Company can borrow up to $20.0 million. Borrowings under the Line of Credit are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets, excluding our intellectual property. Outstanding amounts under the Line of Credit accrue interest at a rate
equal to the prime rate or the LIBOR rate plus 2.5%. Under the Loan Agreement, the Company must comply with certain financial covenants, including maintaining a minimum asset coverage ratio. If the outstanding principal during any month is at least
$15.0 million, the Company must also maintain a minimum net income threshold based on non-GAAP operating measures. Failure to comply with these covenants, or the occurrence of an event of default, could permit the lender under the Line of Credit to
declare all amounts borrowed under the Line of Credit, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Line of Credit as of September 30, 2016. As the
Company has not drawn on the Line of Credit, there are no amounts outstanding as of September 30, 2016.    On December 31, 2015, the
Company entered into an equipment financing agreement with a lender (the  December 2015 Equipment Financing Agreement ) to finance the purchase of $604 in computer equipment. In February 2016, the Company drew down $604 under the December
2015 Equipment Financing Agreement, and the liability was recorded at fair value using a market interest rate. The Company is repaying its obligation over a two year period through January 2018, and the amount outstanding was $408 as of
September 30, 2016.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   11. Segment Information   
  Geographic Data     Total revenue from
unaffiliated customers by geographic area, based on the location of the customer, was as follows:      
   North America is comprised of revenue from the United States, Canada and Mexico. Revenue from customers
located in the United States was $21,793 and $20,652 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $64,615 and $59,403 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Revenue from
customers located in Japan was $4,243 and $2,249 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $11,447 and $6,294 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no other country contributed more than 10% of the Company s total revenue.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, property and equipment at locations outside the U.S. was not material.  
  12. Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards   
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) and the International Accounting Standards Board jointly issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-9,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The core
principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods and services. The ASU is effective for public entities for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and allows for either full retrospective or modified retrospective application. Accordingly, the standard is effective
for the Company on January 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the adoption method it will apply and the impact that this guidance will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. Early adoption is permitted, but not
before the original public organization effective date (that is, annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016).    In August 2014,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . ASU 2014-15 requires management to evaluate, at each annual or interim reporting period, whether there are
conditions or events that exist that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued and provide related disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective
for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and earlier application is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements or disclosures.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting . ASU 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share based payments, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity, or liabilities, an option to make
a policy election to recognize gross share based compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur as well as certain classification changes on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual and interim
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting ASU 2016-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In February 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842), Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification , which
replaces the existing guidance for leases. ASU 2016-02 requires the identification of arrangements that should be accounted for as leases by lessees. In general, for lease arrangements exceeding a twelve month term, these arrangements must now be
recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet of the lessee. Under ASU 2016-02, a right-of-use asset and lease obligation will be recorded for all leases, whether operating or financing, while the income statement will reflect lease
expense for operating  
      12  

Table of Contents  

leases and amortization/interest expense for financing leases. The balance sheet amount recorded for existing leases at the date of adoption of ASU 2016-02 must be calculated using the applicable
incremental borrowing rate at the date of adoption. In addition, ASU 2016-02 requires the use of the modified retrospective method, which will require adjustment to all comparative periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. This
guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and requires retrospective application. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures.    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05,  Intangibles   Goodwill and Other   Internal-Use
Software (Subtopic 350-40), Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement . ASU 2015-05 provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing
arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software
license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance will not change GAAP for a customer s accounting for service contracts. The ASU aims to reduce complexity and diversity in practice. We adopted this
standard on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.    In April 2015,
the FASB, issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which provides that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the
balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, rather than classifying the costs separately in the balance sheet as a deferred charge. The ASU aims to reduce complexity. We adopted this standard on
January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.    In February 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810), Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis , which updated accounting guidance on consolidation requirements. This update changes the guidance with respect to the analysis that a reporting entity
must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. This guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption
permitted. We adopted this standard on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed
consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   
  Forward-Looking Statements      This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements include any expectation of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans,
strategies and objectives of management for future operations; factors that may affect our operating results; statements related to adding employees; statements related to future capital expenditures; statements related to future economic conditions
or performance; statements as to industry trends and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts or statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such
as, but not limited to,  anticipate,   believe,   can,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   will,   plan, 
 project,   seek,   should,   target,   will,   would,  and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the beliefs and
assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to
differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section
titled  Risk Factors  included in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the risks discussed in our other SEC filings. Furthermore, such
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements.   
  Company Overview     We are a leading global
provider of cloud-based services for video. We were incorporated in Delaware in August 2004 and our headquarters are in Boston, Massachusetts. Our suite of products and services reduce the cost and complexity associated with publishing,
distributing, measuring and monetizing video across devices.    Brightcove Video Cloud, or Video Cloud, our flagship product released in
2006, is the world s leading online video platform. Video Cloud enables our customers to publish and distribute video to Internet-connected devices quickly, easily and in a cost-effective and high-quality manner. Brightcove Zencoder, or
Zencoder, is a cloud-based video encoding service. Brightcove Once, or Once, is an innovative, cloud-based ad insertion and video stitching service that addresses the limitations of traditional online video ad insertion technology. Brightcove
Gallery, or Gallery, is a cloud-based service that enables customers to create and publish video portals. Brightcove Perform, or Perform, is a cloud-based service for creating and managing video player experiences. Brightcove Video Marketing Suite,
or Video Marketing Suite, is a comprehensive suite of video technologies designed to address the needs of marketers to drive awareness, engagement and conversion. Brightcove Lift, or Lift, released in October 2015, is a solution designed to defeat
ad blockers, optimize ad delivery and deliver a premium TV-like viewing experience across connected platforms.    Our philosophy for the
next few years will continue to be to invest in our product strategy and development, sales, and go-to-market to support our long-term revenue growth. We believe these investments will help us address some of the challenges facing our business such
as demand for our products by existing customers and potential customers, rapid technological change in our industry, increased competition and resulting price sensitivity. These investments include support for the expansion of our infrastructure
within our hosting facilities, the hiring of additional technical and sales personnel, the innovation of new features for existing products and the development of new products. We believe this strategy will help us retain our existing customers,
increase our average annual subscription revenue per premium customer and lead to the acquisition of new customers. Additionally, we believe customer growth will enable us to achieve economies of scale which will reduce our cost of goods sold,
research and development and general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue.    As of September 30, 2016, we had
471 employees and 4,647 customers, of which 2,666 used our volume offerings and 1,981 used our premium offerings. As of September 30, 2015, we had 415 employees and 5,162 customers, of which 3,310 used our volume offerings and 1,852 used our premium
offerings.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  We generate revenue by offering our products to customers on a subscription-based, software as a
service, or SaaS, model. Our revenue grew from $99.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $111.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily related to an increase in sales of Video Cloud to both new
and existing customers. Our consolidated net loss was $5.6 million and $7.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Included in consolidated net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
stock-based compensation expense and amortization of acquired intangible assets of $4.3 million and $2.3 million, respectively. Included in consolidated net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was stock-based compensation expense
and amortization of acquired intangible assets of $4.3 million and $2.4 million, respectively.    For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, our revenue derived from customers located outside North America was 38% and 35%, respectively. We expect the percentage of total net revenue derived from outside North America to increase in future periods as we
continue to expand our international operations.     Key Metrics   
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify
trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions.      

Number of Customers . We define our number of customers at the end of a particular quarter as the number of customers generating subscription revenue at the end of the quarter. We believe the number of customers
is a key indicator of our market penetration, the productivity of our sales organization and the value that our products bring to our customers. We classify our customers by including them in either premium or volume offerings. Our premium offerings
include our premium Video Cloud customers (Enterprise and Pro editions), our Once customers, our Zencoder customers, our Gallery customers, our Perform customers, our Video Marketing Suite customers and our Lift customers. Our volume offerings
include our Video Cloud Express customers and our Zencoder customers on month-to-month and pay-as-you-go contracts.      As of
September 30, 2016, we had 4,647 customers, of which 2,666 used our volume offerings and 1,981 used our premium offerings. As of September 30, 2015, we had 5,162 customers, of which 3,310 used our volume offerings and 1,852 used our
premium offerings. During 2013, we shifted our go-to-market focus and growth strategy to expanding our premium customer base, as we believe our premium customers represent a greater opportunity for our solutions. Volume customers decreased during
2014 and 2015 primarily due to our discontinuation of the promotional Video Cloud Express offering. As a result, we have experienced attrition of this base level offering without a corresponding addition of customers. We expect customers using our
volume offerings to continue to decrease in 2016 as we continue to focus on the market for our premium solutions and adjust Video Cloud Express price levels.      

Recurring Dollar Retention Rate . We assess our ability to retain customers using a metric we refer to as our recurring dollar retention rate. We calculate the recurring dollar retention rate by dividing the
retained recurring value of subscription revenue for a period by the previous recurring value of subscription revenue for the same period. We define retained recurring value of subscription revenue as the committed subscription fees for all
contracts that renew in a given period, including any increase or decrease in contract value. We define previous recurring value of subscription revenue as the recurring value from committed subscription fees for all contracts that expire in that
same period. We typically calculate our recurring dollar retention rate on a monthly basis. Recurring dollar retention rate provides visibility into our ongoing revenue. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the recurring
dollar retention rate was 97% and 93%, respectively.        

Average Annual Subscription Revenue Per Premium Customer . We define average annual subscription revenue per premium customer as the total subscription revenue from premium customers for an annual period,
excluding professional services revenue, divided by the average number of premium customers for that period. We believe that this metric is important in understanding subscription revenue for our premium offerings in addition to the relative
size of premium customer arrangements.    
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The following table includes our key metrics for the periods presented:  
   
    Components of Consolidated Statements of Operations   
   Revenue       Subscription and
Support Revenue      We generate subscription and support revenue from the sale of our products.    Video Cloud is
offered in two product lines. The first product line is comprised of our premium product editions, Pro and Enterprise. All Pro and Enterprise editions include functionality to publish and distribute video to Internet-connected devices. The
Enterprise edition provides additional features and functionality such as a multi-account environment with consolidated billing, IP address filtering, the ability to produce live events with DVR functionality and advanced upload acceleration of
content. Customer arrangements are typically one year contracts, which include a subscription to Video Cloud, basic support and a pre-determined amount of video streams, bandwidth, and managed content. We also offer gold support or platinum support
to our premium customers for an additional fee, which includes extended phone support. The pricing for our premium editions is based on the number of users, accounts and usage, which is comprised of video streams, bandwidth and managed content.
Should a customer s usage exceed the contractual entitlements, the contract will provide the rate at which the customer must pay for actual usage above the contractual entitlements. The second product line is comprised of our volume product
edition, which we refer to as our Express edition. Our Express edition targets small and medium-sized businesses, or SMBs. The Express edition provides customers with the same basic functionality that is offered in our premium product editions but
has been designed for customers who have lower usage requirements and do not typically seek advanced features and functionality. We are discontinuing the lower level pricing options for the Express edition and expect the total number of customers
using the Express edition to continue to decrease. Customers who purchase the Express edition generally enter into month-to-month agreements. Express customers are generally billed on a monthly basis and pay via a credit card.  
 Zencoder is offered to customers on a subscription basis, with either committed contracts or pay-as-you-go contracts. The pricing is based on
usage, which is comprised of minutes of video processed. The committed contracts include a fixed number of minutes of video processed. Should a customer s usage exceed the contractual entitlements, the contract will provide the rate at which
the customer must pay for actual usage above the contractual entitlements. Customers of Zencoder on annual contracts are considered premium customers. Customers on month-to-month contracts, pay-as-you-go contracts, or contracts for a period of less
than one year, are considered volume customers.    Once is offered to customers on a subscription basis, with varying levels of
functionality, usage entitlements and support based on the size and complexity of a customer s needs.    Gallery is offered to
customers of our premium Video Cloud editions on a subscription basis. A customer s usage of Gallery counts against the pre-determined amount of video streams, bandwidth and managed content included with their Video Cloud Pro or Enterprise
contract. Should a customer s usage exceed the contractual entitlements, the contract will provide the rate at which the customer must pay for actual usage above the contractual entitlements. We also offer gold support or platinum support to
our Gallery customers for an additional fee, which includes extended phone support.    Perform is offered to customers on a subscription
basis. Customer arrangements are typically one-year contracts, which include a subscription to Perform, basic support and a pre-determined amount of video streams. We also offer gold support or platinum support to our Perform customers for an
additional fee, which includes extended phone support. The pricing for Perform is based on the number of users, accounts and usage, which is comprised of video streams. Should a customer s usage exceed the contractual entitlements, the contract
will provide the rate at which the customer must pay for actual usage above the contractual entitlements.    Video Marketing Suite is
offered to customers on a subscription basis. Customer arrangements are typically one-year contracts, which typically include a subscription to Video Cloud, the Video Cloud Live Module, Gallery, basic support and a pre-determined
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

amount of video streams or plays, bandwidth and managed content or videos. We also generally offer gold support or platinum support to our Video Marketing Suite customers for an additional fee,
which includes extended phone support. The pricing for Video Marketing Suite is based on the number of users, accounts and usage, which is comprised of video streams or plays, bandwidth and managed content or videos. Should a customer s usage
exceed the contractual entitlements, the contract will provide the rate at which the customer must pay for actual usage above the contractual entitlements.  
 Lift is offered to customers on a subscription basis. Customer arrangements are typically one year contracts, which include a subscription to
Lift, basic support and a pre-determined amount of video streams. We also offer gold support or platinum support to our Lift customers for an additional fee, which includes extended phone support. The pricing for Lift is based on the number of
users, accounts and usage, which is comprised of video streams. Should a customer s usage exceed the contractual entitlements, the contract will provide the rate at which the customer must pay for actual usage above the contractual
entitlements.    All Once, Gallery, Perform, Video Marketing Suite and Lift customers are considered premium customers.  
  Professional Services and Other Revenue    Professional services and other revenue consists of services such as
implementation, software customizations and project management for customers who subscribe to our premium editions. These arrangements are priced either on a fixed fee basis with a portion due upon contract signing and the remainder due when the
related services have been completed, or on a time and materials basis.      Cost of Revenue    
 Cost of subscription, support and professional services revenue primarily consists of costs related to supporting and hosting our product
offerings and delivering our professional services. These costs include salaries, benefits, incentive compensation and stock-based compensation expense related to the management of our data centers, our customer support team and our professional
services staff. In addition to these expenses, we incur third-party service provider costs such as data center and content delivery network, or CDN, expenses, allocated overhead, depreciation expense and amortization of capitalized internal-use
software development costs and acquired intangible assets. We allocate overhead costs such as rent, utilities and supplies to all departments based on relative headcount. As such, general overhead expenses are reflected in cost of revenue in
addition to each operating expense category.    The costs associated with providing professional services are significantly higher as a
percentage of related revenue than the costs associated with delivering our subscription and support services due to the labor costs of providing professional services. As such, the implementation and professional services costs relating to an
arrangement with a new customer are more significant than the costs to renew a customer s subscription and support arrangement.    Cost
of revenue increased in absolute dollars from the first nine months of 2015 to the first nine months of 2016. In future periods we expect our cost of revenue will increase in absolute dollars as our revenue increases. We also expect that cost of
revenue as a percentage of revenue will decrease over time as we are able to achieve economies of scale in our business. However, cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue could fluctuate from period to period depending on the growth of our
professional services business and any associated costs relating to the delivery of subscription services and the timing of significant expenditures. To the extent that our customer base grows, we intend to continue to invest additional resources in
expanding the delivery capability of our products and other services. The timing of these additional expenses could affect our cost of revenue, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue, in any particular quarterly or annual
period.      Operating Expenses    
 We classify our operating expenses as follows:  
   Research and Development  . Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for our research
and development staff, including salaries, benefits, incentive compensation and stock-based compensation, in addition to the costs associated with contractors and allocated overhead. We have focused our research and development efforts on expanding
the functionality and scalability of our products and enhancing their ease of use, as well as creating new product offerings. We expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we intend to continue to periodically
release new features and functionality, expand our product offerings, continue the localization of our products in various languages, upgrade and extend our service offerings, and develop new technologies. Over the long term, we believe that
research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue will decrease, but will vary depending upon the mix of revenue from new and existing products, features and functionality, as well as changes in the technology that our products must
support, such as new operating systems or new Internet-connected devices.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

    Sales and Marketing  . Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel
and related expenses for our sales and marketing staff, including salaries, benefits, incentive compensation, commissions, stock-based compensation and travel costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, in addition to costs associated with
marketing and promotional events, corporate communications, advertising, other brand building and product marketing expenses and allocated overhead. Our sales and marketing expenses have increased in absolute dollars in each of the last three years.
We intend to continue to invest in sales and marketing and increase the number of sales representatives to add new customers and expand the sale of our product offerings within our existing customer base, build brand awareness and sponsor additional
marketing events. Accordingly, in future periods we expect sales and marketing expense to increase in absolute dollars and continue to be our most significant operating expense. Over the long term, we believe that sales and marketing expense as a
percentage of revenue will decrease, but will vary depending upon the mix of revenue from new and existing customers and from small, medium-sized and enterprise customers, as well as changes in the productivity of our sales and marketing programs.
     General and Administrative  . General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for
executive, legal, finance, information technology and human resources functions, including salaries, benefits, incentive compensation and stock-based compensation, in addition to the costs associated with professional fees, insurance premiums, other
corporate expenses and allocated overhead. In future periods we expect general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to incur additional personnel and professional services costs in order to support the growth of
our business. Over the long term, we believe that general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue will decrease.  
   Merger-related  . Merger-related costs consisted of transaction expenses incurred as part of the acquisition of substantially all
of the assets of Unicorn Media, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, or Unicorn, as well as costs associated with the retention of key employees of Unicorn. Approximately $1.5 million was required to be paid to retain certain key employees from the
Unicorn acquisition. The period in which these services were performed varies by employee. Given that the retention amount was related to a future service requirement, the related expense was recorded as merger-related compensation expense in the
consolidated statements of operations over the expected service period.     Other Expense   
 Other expense consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and investments, foreign exchange gains and losses,
interest expense payable on our debt, loss on disposal of equipment and changes in the fair value of the warrants issued in connection with a line of credit.  
  Income Taxes     As part of the process of
preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We account for income taxes in accordance with the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recognized based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using statutory rates. In addition, this method requires a valuation allowance against net deferred
tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We have provided a valuation allowance against our existing net deferred tax assets at September 30,
2016, with the exception of the deferred tax assets related to Brightcove KK.     Stock-Based Compensation Expense   
 Our cost of revenue, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses include stock-based compensation
expense. Stock-based compensation expense represents the fair value of outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards, which is recognized as expense over the respective stock option and restricted stock award service periods. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $1.7 million and $1.5 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $4.3 million and $4.3 million,
respectively, of stock-based compensation expense. We expect stock-based compensation expense to increase in absolute dollars in future periods.  
  Foreign Currency Translation     With regard
to our international operations, we frequently enter into transactions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, our revenue, expenses and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates,
particularly changes in the euro, British pound, Australian dollar, and Japanese yen. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 43% and 39%, respectively, of our revenue was generated in locations outside the United States. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 42% and 40%, respectively, of our revenue was generated in locations outside the United States. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 29% and 25%, respectively, of our
revenue was in currencies other than  
      18  

Table of Contents  

the U.S. dollar, as were some of the associated expenses. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 28% and 27%, respectively, of our revenue was in currencies other than the
U.S. dollar, as were some of the associated expenses. In periods when the U.S. dollar declines in value as compared to the foreign currencies in which we conduct business, our foreign currency-based revenue and expenses generally increase in value
when translated into U.S. dollars. We expect our foreign currency-based revenue to increase in absolute dollars and as a percentage of total revenue.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  
 We consider the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, software development costs,
income taxes, business combinations, intangible assets, goodwill and stock-based compensation to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies since December 31, 2015.
   For a detailed explanation of the judgments made in these areas, refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2016.  
 We believe that our significant accounting policies, which are more fully described in the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, have not materially changed from those described in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations   
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented. The data has been derived from the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q which, in the opinion of our management, reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial position
and results of operations for the interim periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of future results. This information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      
    Overview of Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
 Total revenue increased by 13%, or $4.6 million, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015 due to an increase in subscription and support revenue of 9%, or $3.0 million. The increase in professional services and other revenue of 235%, or $1.5 million primarily related to the size and number of professional services
engagements during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding quarter in the prior year. The increase in subscription and support revenue resulted primarily from an increase in revenue from new and existing
customers. In addition, our revenue from premium offerings grew by $4.8 million, or 15%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our ability to continue to provide the product
functionality and performance that our customers require will be a major factor in our ability to continue to increase revenue.    Our gross
profit increased by $2.3 million, or 10%, in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an increase in revenue. Our ability to continue to maintain our overall gross
profit will depend primarily on our ability to continue controlling our costs of delivery. Loss from operations was $1.6 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.0 million in the three months ended September 30,
2015. Loss from operations in the three months ended September 30, 2016 included stock-based compensation expense and amortization of acquired intangible assets of $1.7 million and $784,000, respectively. Loss from operations in the three
months ended September 30, 2015 included stock-based compensation expense and amortization of acquired intangible assets of $1.5 million and $774,000, respectively. We expect operating income to improve from increased sales to both new and
existing customers and from improved efficiencies throughout our organization as we continue to grow and scale our operations.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, we had $35.2 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, an
increase of $7.6 million from $27.6 million at December 31, 2015, due primarily to $7.6 million of cash provided by operating activities, $4.4 million in proceeds from exercises of stock options and $604,000 in proceeds from an equipment
financing. These increases were offset in part by $2.9 million in capitalization of internal-use software costs, $1.2 million in capital expenditures and $682,000 in payments under capital lease obligations.  
   Revenue        
   During the three months ended September 30, 2016, revenue increased by $4.6 million, or 13%, compared to
the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an increase in revenue from our premium offerings, which consist of subscription and support revenue, as well as professional services and other revenue. The increase in premium
revenue of $4.8 million, or 15%, is partially the result of a 7% increase in the number of premium customers from 1,852 at September 30, 2015 to 1,981 at September 30, 2016 and a 5% increase in the average annual subscription revenue
per premium customer during the three months ended September 30, 2016. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, volume revenue decreased by $278,000, or 13%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, as we
continue to focus on the market for our premium solutions.      
   In the three months ended September 30, 2016, subscription and support revenue increased by $3.0 million,
or 9%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily related to the continued growth of our customer base for our premium offerings including sales to both new and existing customers and a 5% increase in the
average annual subscription revenue per premium customer during the three months ended September 30, 2016. In addition, professional services and other revenue increased by $1.5 million, or 235%, primarily related to the size and number of
professional services engagements during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding quarter in the prior year. Professional services and other revenue will vary from period to period depending on the number of
implementations and other projects that are in process.      
 
      21  

Table of Contents  

  For purposes of this section, we designate revenue by geographic regions based upon the locations
of our customers. North America is comprised of revenue from the United States, Canada and Mexico. International is comprised of revenue from locations outside of North America. Depending on the timing of new customer contracts, revenue mix from a
geographic region can vary from period to period.    In the three months ended September 30, 2016, total revenue for North America
increased $1.1 million, or 5%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenue for North America resulted primarily from an increase in subscription and support revenue from our premium offerings. In the three
months ended September 30, 2016, total revenue outside of North America increased $3.4 million, or 29%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenue from international regions is primarily related to an
increase in revenue in Japan and Asia Pacific. This increase is offset by a reduction in revenue due to changes in foreign exchange rates compared to the exchange rates that were in effect during the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
   Cost of Revenue        
   In the three months ended September 30, 2016, cost of subscription and support revenue increased $1.4
million, or 13%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted primarily from increases in content delivery network expenses, network hosting services and employee-related expenses of $1.1 million, $526,000
and $135,000, respectively. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense of $276,000.    In the three months
ended September 30, 2016, cost of professional services and other revenue increased $888,000, or 74%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted primarily from increases in contractor and employee-related
expenses of $640,000 and $228,000, respectively.     Gross Profit       
   The overall gross profit percentage was 64% and 66% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Subscription and support gross profit increased $1.6 million, or 7%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Professional services and other gross profit increased $645,000, or 118% compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the number of professional service engagements has allowed for greater leverage of fixed costs. It is likely that gross profit, as a percentage of revenue, will fluctuate quarter by quarter due
to the timing and mix of subscription and support revenue and professional services and other revenue, and the type, timing and duration of service required in delivering certain projects.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Operating Expenses       
     Research and Development   .  In the three months ended September 30, 2016,
research and development expense increased by $471,000, or 7%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increases in employee-related and contractor expenses of $490,000 and $110,000 respectively. In future
periods, we expect that our research and development expense will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add employees, develop new features and functionality for our products, introduce additional software solutions and expand our product
and service offerings.      Sales and Marketing   .  In the three months ended September 30, 2016, sales and marketing
expense increased by $1.7 million, or 14%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to employee-related expenses, commission expenses and marketing programs of $830,000, $560,000 and $267,000 respectively. There were
also increases in recruitingand computer maintenance and support expenses of $209,000, and $94,000, respectively. These increases were partially offset by decreases in stock-based compensation and contractor expenses of $192,000 and $181,000,
respectively. We expect that our sales and marketing expense will increase in absolute dollars along with our revenue, as we continue to expand sales coverage and build brand awareness through what we believe are cost-effective channels. We
expect that such increases may fluctuate from period to period, however, due to the timing of marketing programs.      General and
Administrative   .  In the three months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expense increased by 735,000, or 17%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increases in stock-based
compensation, employee-related , and recruiting expenses of $324,000, $243,000 and $218,000, respectively. These increases were offset by a decrease in outside accounting and legal fees of $145,000. In future periods, we expect general and
administrative expense will increase in absolute dollars as we add personnel and incur additional costs related to the growth of our business and operations.  
   Merger-related   .  In the three months ended September 30, 2016, merger-related expenses decreased $62,000, or 100%
when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to a $62,000 decrease in costs associated with the retention of certain employees of Unicorn.  
  Other Expense, Net       
   nm   not meaningful  
 In the three months ended September 30, 2016, interest income, net, increased by $22,000 compared to the corresponding period of the
prior year. The increase is primarily due to a higher average cash balance as interest income is generated from the investment of our cash balances, less related bank fees.  
 The interest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily comprised of interest paid on capital leases and an
equipment financing. The increase in other expense, net during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a decrease in foreign currency exchange losses upon collection of foreign denominated receivables of $83,000.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

   Provision for Income Taxes       
   In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the provision for income taxes was primarily
comprised of income tax expenses related to foreign jurisdictions.     Overview of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015     Total revenue increased by 12%, or $12.1 million, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 due to an increase in subscription and support revenue of 9%, or $9.0 million, and an increase in professional services and other revenue of 115%, or $3.0 million. The increase in subscription and support revenue
resulted primarily from an increase in revenue from new and existing customers. In addition, our revenue from premium offerings grew by $13.2 million, or 14%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. These increases are offset in part by a $665,000 reduction in revenue due to changes in foreign exchange rates compared to the exchange rates that were in effect during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our
ability to continue to provide the product functionality and performance that our customers require will be a major factor in our ability to continue to increase revenue.  
 Our gross profit increased by $6.2 million, or 10%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, primarily due to an increase in revenue. Our ability to continue to maintain our overall gross profit will depend primarily on our ability to continue controlling our costs of delivery. Loss from operations was $5.3 million
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $6.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Loss from operations in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included stock-based compensation expense and
amortization of acquired intangible assets of $4.3 million and $2.3 million, respectively. Loss from operations in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included stock-based compensation expense and amortization of acquired intangible assets
of $4.3 million and $2.4 million, respectively. We expect operating income to improve from increased sales to both new and existing customers and from improved efficiencies throughout our organization as we continue to grow and scale our operations.
     Revenue        
 
      24  

Table of Contents  

  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, revenue increased by $12.1 million, or 12%,
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an increase in revenue from our premium offerings, which consist of subscription and support revenue, as well as professional services and other revenue. The increase in
premium revenue of $13.2 million, or 14%, is partially the result of a 7% increase in the number of premium customers from 1,852 at September 30, 2015 to 1,981 at September 30, 2016 and an 8% increase in the average annual
subscription revenue per premium customer during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These increases were partially offset by a $665,000 reduction in revenue due to changes in foreign exchange rates compared to the exchange rates that
were in effect during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, volume revenue decreased by $1.2 million, or 17%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, as we continue to
focus on the market for our premium solutions.      
   In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, subscription and support revenue increased by $9.0 million,
or 9%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily related to the continued growth of our customer base for our premium offerings including sales to both new and existing customers and an 8% increase in the
average annual subscription revenue per premium customer during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These increases are offset in part by a $665,000 reduction in revenue due to changes in foreign exchange rates compared to the exchange
rates that were in effect during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In addition, professional services and other revenue increased by $3.0 million, or 115%, primarily related to the size and number of professional services engagements
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. Professional services and other revenue will vary from period to period depending on the number of implementations and other projects
that are in process.      
   For purposes of this section, we designate revenue by geographic regions based upon the locations of our
customers. North America is comprised of revenue from the United States, Canada and Mexico. International is comprised of revenue from locations outside of North America. Depending on the timing of new customer contracts, revenue mix from a
geographic region can vary from period to period.    In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, total revenue for North America
increased $5.3 million, or 8%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenue for North America resulted primarily from an increase in subscription and support revenue from our premium offerings. In the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, total revenue outside of North America increased $6.8 million, or 19%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenue from international regions is primarily related to an
increase in revenue in Japan and Asia Pacific. This increase is offset by a decrease in sales in Europe combined with a reduction in revenue due to changes in foreign exchange rates compared to the exchange rates that were in effect during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

    Cost of Revenue        
   In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cost of subscription and support revenue increased $4.0
million, or 13%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted primarily from increases in content delivery network expenses, network hosting services and employee-related expenses of $3.1 million, $1.9
million and $415,000, respectively. There were also increases in bandwidth expenses and stock-based compensation of $154,000 and $103,000, respectively. These increases were offset in part by decreases in depreciation and maintenance expenses of
$1.1 million and $141,000, respectively.    In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cost of professional services and other
revenue increased $1.8 million, or 50%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted primarily from increases in contractor and employee-related expenses of $1.5 million and $280,000, respectively.  
  Gross Profit       
   The overall gross profit percentage was 64% and 65% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Subscription and support gross profit increased $5.0 million, or 8%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Professional services and other gross profit increased $1.2 million, or 126%, compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the number of professional service engagements has allowed for greater leverage of fixed costs. It is likely that gross profit, as a percentage of revenue, will fluctuate quarter by quarter
due to the timing and mix of subscription and support revenue and professional services and other revenue, and the type, timing and duration of service required in delivering certain projects.  
  Operating Expenses       
     Research and Development   .  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, research
and development expense was relatively unchanged when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Research and development expense increased by $415,000 for employee-related expenses. This increase was partially offset by decreases in
travel and entertainment, rent and utilities and stock-based compensation expense of $192,000, $151,000 and $118,000, respectively.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

    Sales and Marketing   .  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, sales
and marketing expense increased by $5.4 million, or 16%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increases in employee-related expense, commission expense, marketing programs, and travel expense of $3.0 million,
$1.7 million, $383,000 and $224,000, respectively. There were also increases in computer maintenance and support and recruiting expenses of $239,000 and $112,000, respectively. These increases were partially offset by decreases in contractor and
stock-based compensation expenses of $155,000 and $134,000, respectively.      General and Administrative   .  In the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expense decreased by $571,000 million, or 4%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to a decrease in outside accounting and legal fees of
$959,000. This decrease was partially offset by increases in recruiting and computer maintenance and support of $300,000 and $103,000, respectively.  
   Merger-related   .  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, merger-related expenses merger-related expenses
decreased $117,000 or 85%, when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to a $117,000 decrease in costs associated with the retention of certain employees of Unicorn.  
  Other Expense, Net       
   nm   not meaningful  
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest income, net, increased by 70,000 compared to the corresponding period of the prior
year. The increase is primarily due to a higher average cash balance as interest income is generated from the investment of our cash balances, less related bank fees.  
 The interest expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily comprised of interest paid on capital leases and an
equipment financing. The increase in other expense, net during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a decrease in foreign currency exchange losses upon collection of foreign denominated accounts receivables of $567,000.
    Provision for Income Taxes       
   In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the provision for income taxes was primarily
comprised of income tax expenses related to foreign jurisdictions.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 In connection with our initial public offering in February 2012, we received aggregate proceeds of approximately $58.8 million, including the
proceeds from the underwriters  exercise of their overallotment option, net of underwriters  discounts and commissions, but before deducting offering expenses of approximately $4.3 million. Prior to our initial public offering, we funded
our operations primarily through private placements of preferred and common stock, as well as through borrowings of $7.0 million under our bank credit facilities. In February 2012, we repaid the $7.0 million balance under our bank credit facilities.
All of the preferred stock was converted into shares of our common stock in connection with our initial public offering.      
    Cash and cash equivalents.   
 Our cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 were held for working capital purposes and were invested primarily in money market
funds. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, restricted cash was $201,000 and was held in certificates of deposit as collateral for letters of credit related to
the contractual provisions of our corporate credit cards and the contractual provisions with a customer. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $5.7 million and $5.2 million, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents held by
subsidiaries in international locations, including subsidiaries located in Japan and the United Kingdom. It is our current intention to permanently reinvest unremitted earnings in such subsidiaries or to repatriate the earnings only when tax
effective. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital and capital expenditure needs over at least the next 12 months.  
  Accounts receivable, net.   
 Our accounts receivable balance fluctuates from period to period, which affects our cash flow from operating activities. The fluctuations vary
depending on the timing of our billing activity, cash collections, and changes to our allowance for doubtful accounts. In many instances we receive cash payment from a customer prior to the time we are able to recognize revenue on a transaction. We
record these payments as deferred revenue, which has a positive effect on our accounts receivable balances. We use days  sales outstanding, or DSO, calculated on a quarterly basis, as a measurement of the quality and status of our receivables.
We define DSO as (a) accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, divided by total revenue for the most recent quarter, multiplied by (b) the number of days in that quarter. DSO was 54 days at September 30, 2016 and 56 days at
December 31, 2015.     Cash flows provided by operating activities.   
 Cash provided by operating activities consists primarily of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items including depreciation and
amortization, stock-based compensation expense, the provision for bad debts and the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. Cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $7.6
million. The cash flow provided by operating activities resulted from net non-cash charges of $10.4 million, cash provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities of $2.8 million, partially offset by net losses of $5.6 million. Net
non-cash expenses consisted primarily of $5.9 million for depreciation and amortization expense and $4.3 million for stock-based compensation expense. Cash provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities consisted primarily of
increases in deferred revenue and accrued expenses of $4.3 million and $2.0 million, respectively. These inflows were offset in part by increases in prepaid expenses and other current assets and accounts receivable of $1.7 million and $1.4 million,
respectively.     Cash flows used in investing activities.   
 Cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4.4 million, consisting primarily of $2.9
million for the capitalization of internal-use software costs, $1.2 million in capital expenditures to support the business and $300,000 in cash paid for the purchase of an intangible asset.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Cash flows provided by financing activities.   
 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3.9 million, consisting of proceeds received from
the exercise of common stock options and equipment financing of $4.4 million and $604,000, respectively, offset partially by payments under capital lease obligation, withholding tax on RSU vesting and payments on equipment financing of $682,000,
$216,000 and $196,000, respectively.     Credit facility borrowings.   
 On November 19, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated loan and security agreement with a lender (the  Loan Agreement )
providing for up to a $20.0 million asset based line of credit (the  Line of Credit ). Under the Line of Credit, we can borrow up to $20.0 million. Borrowings under the Line of Credit are secured by substantially all of our assets,
excluding our intellectual property. Outstanding amounts under the Line of Credit accrue interest at a rate equal to the prime rate or the LIBOR rate plus 2.5%. Under the Loan Agreement, we must comply with certain financial covenants, including
maintaining a minimum asset coverage ratio. If the outstanding principal during any month is at least $15.0 million, the Company must also maintain a minimum net income threshold based on non-GAAP operating measures. Failure to comply with these
covenants, or the occurrence of an event of default, could permit the Lenders under the Line of Credit to declare all amounts borrowed under the Line of Credit, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. We were in
compliance with all covenants under the Line of Credit as of September 30, 2016.    On December 31, 2015, the Company entered into
an equipment financing agreement with a lender (the  December 2015 Equipment Financing Agreement ) to finance the purchase of $604,000 in computer equipment. In February 2016, the Company drew down $604,000 under the December 2015
Equipment Financing Agreement, and the liability was recorded at fair value using a market interest rate. The Company is repaying its obligation over a two year period through January 2018, and the amount outstanding was $408,000 as of
September 30, 2016.     Net operating loss carryforwards.   
 As of December 31, 2015, we had federal and state net operating losses of approximately $131.5 million and $48.0 million, respectively,
which are available to offset future taxable income, if any, through 2035. Included in the federal and state net operating losses are deductions attributable to excess tax benefits from the exercise of non-qualified stock options of $12.3 million
and $7.8 million, respectively. The tax benefits attributable to these net operating losses are credited directly to additional paid-in capital when realized. The Company has not realized any such tax benefits through December 31, 2015. We had
federal and state research and development tax credits of $4.7 million and $2.9 million, respectively, which expire in various amounts through 2035. Our net operating loss and tax credit amounts are subject to annual limitations under
Section 382 change of ownership rules of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. We completed an assessment to determine whether there may have been a Section 382 ownership change and determined that it is more likely than not
that our net operating and tax credit amounts as disclosed are not subject to any material Section 382 limitations.    In assessing our
ability to utilize our net deferred tax assets, we considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of our net deferred tax assets will not be realized. Based upon the level of our historical U.S. losses and future projections
over the period in which the net deferred tax assets are deductible, at this time, we believe it is more likely than not that we will not realize the benefits of these deductible differences. Accordingly, we have provided a valuation allowance
against our U.S. deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.     Contractual Obligations and Commitments   
 Our principal commitments consist primarily of obligations under our leases for our office space and contractual commitments for capital leases
and equipment financing as well as content delivery network services, hosting and other support services. Other than these lease obligations and contractual commitments, we do not have commercial commitments under lines of credit, standby repurchase
obligations or other such debt arrangements.    Our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2015 are summarized in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. In addition to the obligations outlined in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, we had $408,000 of equipment financing obligations as of September 30, 2016. The obligation under the December
2015 Equipment Financing Agreement is being repaid over a two year period through January 2018. We also had non-cancelable commitments as of September 30, 2016, primarily for content delivery and network storage service, of $4,075 for the remainder
of 2016, $9,537 for 2017, $10,996 for 2018 and $6,942 for 2019.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 For information on recent accounting pronouncements, see  Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards  in the notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We do not have any special purpose entities or off-balance sheet arrangements.  
  Anticipated Cash Flows     We expect to
incur significant operating costs, particularly related to services delivery costs, sales and marketing and research and development, for the foreseeable future in order to execute our business plan. We anticipate that such operating costs, as well
as planned capital expenditures will constitute a material use of our cash resources. As a result, our net cash flows will depend heavily on the level of future sales, changes in deferred revenue and our ability to manage infrastructure costs.  
 We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditures for at least the
next 12 months. Our future working capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of our revenue growth, our introduction of new products and enhancements, and our expansion of sales and marketing and product development
activities. To the extent that our cash and cash equivalents, short and long-term investments and cash flow from operating activities are insufficient to fund our future activities, we may need to raise additional funds through bank credit
arrangements or public or private equity or debt financings. We also may need to raise additional funds in the event we determine in the future to acquire businesses, technologies and products that will complement our existing operations. In the
event funding is required, we may not be able to obtain bank credit arrangements or equity or debt financing on terms acceptable to us or at all.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk     We have operations both within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the
ordinary course of our business. These risks include primarily foreign exchange risks, interest rate and inflation.     Financial instruments   
 Financial instruments meeting fair value disclosure requirements consist of cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable. The
fair value of these financial instruments approximates their carrying amount.     Foreign currency exchange risk   
 Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in
the euro, British pound, Australian dollar and Japanese yen. Except for revenue transactions in Japan, we enter into transactions directly with substantially all of our foreign customers.  
 Percentage of revenues and expenses in foreign currency is as follows:  

30  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Percentage of revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currency for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:    
   
   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $7.2 million and $5.4 million, respectively,
of receivables denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We also maintain cash accounts denominated in currencies other than the local currency, which exposes us to foreign exchange rate movements.  
 In addition, although our foreign subsidiaries have intercompany accounts that are eliminated upon consolidation, these accounts expose us to
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Exchange rate fluctuations on short-term intercompany accounts are recorded in our consolidated statements of operations under  other income (expense), net , while exchange rate fluctuations on
long-term intercompany accounts are recorded in our consolidated balance sheets under  accumulated other comprehensive income  in stockholders  equity, as they are considered part of our net investment and hence do not give rise to
gains or losses.    Currently, our largest foreign currency exposures are the Japanese yen, euro and British pound, primarily because our
Japan and European operations have a higher proportion of our local currency denominated revenue and expenses. Relative to foreign currency exposures existing at September 30, 2016, a 10% unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates
would expose us to significant losses in earnings or cash flows or significantly diminish the fair value of our foreign currency financial instruments. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we estimated that a 10% unfavorable movement
in foreign currency exchange rates would have decreased revenues by $3.2 million, decreased expenses by $1.8 million and decreased operating income by $1.4 million. The estimates used assume that all currencies move in the same direction at the same
time and the ratio of non-U.S. dollar denominated revenue and expenses to U.S. dollar denominated revenue and expenses does not change from current levels. Since a portion of our revenue is deferred revenue that is recorded at different foreign
currency exchange rates, the impact to revenue of a change in foreign currency exchange rates is recognized over time, and the impact to expenses is more immediate, as expenses are recognized at the current foreign currency exchange rate in effect
at the time the expense is incurred. All of the potential changes noted above are based on sensitivity analyses performed on our financial results as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
  Interest rate risk     We had unrestricted
cash and cash equivalents totaling $35.2 million at September 30, 2016. Cash and cash equivalents were invested primarily in money market funds and are held for working capital purposes. We do not use derivative financial instruments in our
investment portfolio. Declines in interest rates, however, would reduce future interest income. We incurred $15,000 and $51,000 of interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, related to interest
paid on capital leases and an equipment financing. While we continue to incur interest expense in connection with our capital leases and equipment financing, the interest expense is fixed and not subject to changes in market interest rates. In the
event that we borrow under our line of credit, which bears interest at the prime rate or the LIBOR rate plus the LIBOR rate margin, the related interest expense recorded would be subject to changes in the rate of interest.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Inflation risk   
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to
become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 As of September 30, 2016, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, including ensuring that such material information is accumulated by and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting     There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in
connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       On July 8, 2016, a complaint was filed by Brand Technologies, Inc.
naming us, along with several others, as a defendant in a case alleging copyright infringement, violations of the Lanham Act, unfair competition and related claims (Brand Technologies, Inc. v. Cox Enterprises, Inc., et al., United States District
Court for the Central District of California). The complaint alleges that Cox Media Group (CMG) engaged in the unlicensed provision of copyrighted videos owned by the plaintiff on CMG websites by using our technology. The complaint seeks actual and
statutory damages, costs and injunctive relief. On September 22, 2016, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint. We have not yet answered the amended complaint or otherwise filed a responsive pleading. We cannot yet determine whether it is
probable that a loss will be incurred in connection with this complaint, nor can we reasonably estimate the potential loss, if any.    On
July 30, 2016, a complaint was filed by Autumn Cloud LLC naming us as a defendant in a patent infringement case (Autumn Cloud LLC v. Brightcove Inc., United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas). The complaint alleges that we have
infringed U.S. Patent 7,606,843 with an issue date of October 20, 2009, entitled  System and Method for Customizing the Storage and Management of Device Data in a Networked Environment,  and U.S. Patent 8,239,347 with an issue date of
August 7, 2012, entitled  System and Method for Customizing the Storage and Management of Device Data in a Networked Environment.  The complaint seeks monetary damages and declarations of infringement. Autumn Cloud has not yet served the
complaint on Brightcove. We cannot yet determine whether it is probable that a loss will be incurred in connection with this complaint, nor can we reasonably estimate the potential loss, if any.  
 In addition, we are, from time to time, party to litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business. Management does not believe that
the outcome of these claims will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows based on the status of proceedings at this time.  

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS        You should carefully consider the risks described in our annual report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, under the heading  Part I   Item 1A. Risk Factors,  together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our business, prospects,
financial condition, or operating results could be harmed by any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. If any of such risks and uncertainties actually occurs, our business,
financial condition or operating results could differ materially from the plans, projections and other forward-looking   
      32  

Table of Contents  

statements included in the section titled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere in this report and in our other
public filings. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment.       

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       Our policy governing transactions in our securities by directors,
officers and employees permits our officers, directors and certain other persons to enter into trading plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. We have been advised that our Chief Executive Officer, David Mendels, and our President
of International Operations, Andrew Feinberg, have each entered into a trading plan in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 and our policy governing transactions in our securities. Generally, under these trading plans, the individual relinquishes control
over the transactions once the trading plan is put into place. Accordingly, sales under these plans may occur at any time, including possibly before, simultaneously with, or immediately after significant events involving our company.  
 We anticipate that, as permitted by Rule 10b5-1 and our policy governing transactions in our securities, some or all of our officers,
directors and employees may establish trading plans in the future. We intend to disclose the names of executive officers and directors who establish a trading plan in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 and the requirements of our policy governing
transactions in our securities in our future quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. However, we undertake no obligation to update or revise the information provided herein, including for
revision or termination of an established trading plan.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS         

Exhibits   

3.1 (1) 
   
 Eleventh Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  

3.2 (2) 
   
 Amended and Restated By-Laws.  

4.1 (3) 
   
 Form of Common Stock certificate of the Registrant.  

31.1  
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1  
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS 
   
 XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

(1) 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 5 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference.

(2) 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 5 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference.

(3) 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 5 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference.

Furnished herewith.    
      34  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

BRIGHTCOVE INC.   

(Registrant)   

Date: November 2, 2016 

By: 

/s/ David Mendels  

David Mendels  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 2, 2016 

By: 

/s/ Kevin R. Rhodes  

Kevin R. Rhodes  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   
 
      35  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d270457dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, David
Mendels, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Brightcove Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 2, 2016  

By: 

/s/ David Mendels  

David Mendels  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d270457dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Kevin
R. Rhodes, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Brightcove Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 2, 2016  

By: 

/s/ Kevin R. Rhodes  

Kevin R. Rhodes  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d270457dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO      18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,      AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Brightcove Inc. for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), David Mendels, as Chief Executive Officer of Brightcove Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Brightcove Inc.      

Date: November 2, 2016  

By: 

/s/ David Mendels  

David Mendels  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  
   In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Brightcove Inc. for the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Kevin R. Rhodes, as Chief Financial Officer of Brightcove Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Brightcove Inc.      

Date: November 2, 2016  

By: 

/s/ Kevin R. Rhodes  

Kevin R. Rhodes  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 bcov-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bcov-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bcov-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bcov-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bcov-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bcov-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

