<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_81362_0000081362-16-000037_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8065994</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114649</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>356856</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2599851</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3518544</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>988997</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000081362-16-000037.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161026164923
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000081362-16-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUAKER CHEMICAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000081362
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS PRODUCTS OF PETROLEUM &  COAL [2990]
		IRS NUMBER:				230993790
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12019
		FILM NUMBER:		161953126

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE QUAKER PARK
		STREET 2:		901 HECTOR STREET
		CITY:			CONSHOHOCKEN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19428
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6108324000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE QUAKER PARK
		STREET 2:		901 HECTOR ST
		CITY:			CONSHOHOCKEN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19428

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000081362-16-000037.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 QUAKER CHEMICAL CORPORATION

UNITED STATES 

UNITED STATES   

     SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington, D. C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

For the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

OR   

For the transition period from     
                  to     

Commission file number 001-12019   

QUAKER CHEMICAL CORPORATION   

   (Exact name of Registrant as specified in
its charter)   

Pennsylvania   

23-0993790   

(State or other jurisdiction of   
     incorporation or organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer   
     Identification No.)   

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 610-832-4000   

Not Applicable   

   Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report.   

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes           [X]        No       [  ]         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes      [X]       No      [  ]         

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated
filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer    [X]   

Accelerated filer    [  ]  

Non-accelerated filer    [  ]     (Do not check
  if smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company   [  ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes    [  ]      No    [X]   

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

QUAKER CHEMICAL CORPORATION
  AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES    

Page   

PART I.   

FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   

Financial Statements (unaudited)  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
  Income  for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

2  

and September 30, 2015  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the
  Three and Nine Months Ended  

3  

September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30,
  2016 and December 31, 2015  

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine
  Months Ended September 30, 2016   

5  

and September 30, 2015  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

6  

Item 2.   

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
  Results of Operations  

20  

Item 3.   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
  about Market Risk  

28  

Item 4.   

Controls and Procedures  

29  

PART II.   

OTHER INFORMATION  

30  

Item 1.   

Legal Proceedings  

30  

Item 2.   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
  Proceeds  

30  

Item 6.   

Exhibits  

31  

Signatures   

31  

1   

PART I    

    FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.                        Financial Statements
(Unaudited).    

Quaker Chemical
Corporation    

      Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income    

       (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)     

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.    

2   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income    

       (Dollars in thousands)     

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.    

3   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets      

     (Dollars in
thousands, except par value and share amounts)     

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.    

4   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

       (Dollars in thousands)     

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.    

5   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

Note
1   Condensed Financial Information    

         The condensed consolidated financial statements
included herein are unaudited and have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) for
interim financial reporting and the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) regulations.  Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.  In the
opinion of management, the financial statements reflect all adjustments
(consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, except certain material
adjustments, as discussed below) which are necessary for a fair statement of
the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim
periods.  The results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.  These
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual
Report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.        During the first quarter of 2016, the Company
revised its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet for December 31, 2015,
reducing non-current deferred tax assets and non-current deferred tax
liabilities by $3.6 million each, to correct for offsetting deferred tax
balances within related taxing jurisdictions.  The Company considers such
revision to be immaterial and the revision had no impact on reported equity,
net income or net cash provided by operating activities.     

     Venezuela s economy
has been considered hyper inflationary under U.S. GAAP since 2010, at which
time the Company s Venezuela equity affiliate, Kelko Quaker Chemical, S.A.
( Kelko Venezuela ), changed its functional currency from the bolivar fuerte
( BsF ) to the U.S. dollar.  Accordingly, all gains and losses resulting from
the remeasurement of Kelko Venezuela s monetary assets and liabilities to
published exchange rates are required to be recorded directly to the Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Income.  As of December 31, 2014, there were three
legally available exchange rates in Venezuela, the CADIVI (or the official
rate, 6.3 BsF per U.S. dollar), the SICAD I and the SICAD II.  Kelko Venezuela
had access to the CADIVI for imported goods, had not been invited to
participate in any SICAD I auctions and had limited access to the SICAD II
mechanism.  Accordingly, the Company measured its equity investment and other
related assets with Kelko Venezuela at the CADIVI exchange rate at December 31,
2014.  During the first quarter of 2015, the Venezuela government announced
changes to its foreign exchange controls.  There continued to be three exchange
mechanisms, however, they consisted of the CADIVI, a combined SICAD I and SICAD
II auction mechanism (the  SICAD ) and a newly created, marginal currency
system (the  SIMADI ).  In light of the first quarter of 2015 changes to
Venezuela s foreign exchange controls and the on-going economic challenges in
Venezuela, the Company re-assessed Kelko Venezuela s access to U.S. dollars,
the impact on the operations of Kelko Venezuela, and the impact on the Company s
equity investment and other related assets, which resulted in revaluing its
equity investment in Kelko Venezuela and other related assets to the SIMADI
exchange rate of approximately     193     BsF per U.S. dollar as of     March 31, 2015    .  This resulted in
a charge of     $2.8
million, or $0.21     per diluted share, recorded in the first quarter of 2015.  As of
December 31, 2015, the Company s equity investment in Kelko Venezuela was $0.2
million, valued at the SIMADI exchange rate, which was approximately 198 BsF
per U.S. dollar.   

   During the first quarter of 2016, the Venezuela government
announced further changes to its foreign exchange controls, including
eliminating the CADIVI, SICAD and SIMADI exchange rate mechanisms and replacing
them with a new dual foreign exchange rate system, which consists of a
protected  DIPRO  exchange rate, with a rate fixed at 10 Bsf per U.S. dollar
and, also, a floating supplementary market exchange rate known as the  DICOM.  
The DIPRO rate is only available for payment of certain imports of essential
goods in the food and health sectors while the DICOM governs all other
transactions not covered by the DIPRO.  In light of these changes to the
foreign exchange controls during the first quarter of 2016, the Company again
re-assessed Kelko Venezuela s access to U.S. dollars, the impact on the
operations of Kelko Venezuela, and the impact on the Company s equity
investment and other related assets.  The Company did not believe it had access
to the DIPRO and, therefore, believed the DICOM to be the exchange rate system
available to Kelko Venezuela.  As of     March 31, 2016    ,     the published rate for the DICOM was approximately          273     BsF per U.S. dollar, which
resulted in a currency conversion charge of $0.1 million, or $0.01 per diluted
share       in the first
quarter of 2016    . 
    As of     September 30, 2016    , the Company s
equity investment in Kelko Venezuela was $0.1 million, valued at the DICOM
exchange rate of approximately 658 BsF per U.S. dollar.       

       As part of the Company s chemical management services,
certain third-party product sales to customers are managed by the Company. 
Where the Company acts as a principal, revenue is recognized on a gross
reporting basis at the selling price negotiated with customers.  Where the
Company acts as an agent, such revenue is recorded using net reporting of
service revenue, at the amount of the administrative fee earned by the Company
for ordering the goods.        Third-party products transferred under
arrangements resulting in net reporting totaled $10.7 million and $32.8 million
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
Comparatively, third-party products transferred under arrangements resulting in
net reporting totaled $12.1 million and $36.2 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.     

6   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

Note 2           Recently Issued Accounting Standards    

   The
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting
standard update in August 2016 to standardize how certain transactions are
classified in the statement of cash flows.  Specific transactions
covered by the accounting standard update include debt prepayment or debt
extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent
consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the
settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate and
bank owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method
investments and beneficial interest in securitization transactions.  The
guidance within this accounting standard update is effective for annual and
interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early adoption is
permitted, provided that all of the amendments are adopted in
the same period. The guidance requires application using a
retrospective transition method.  The Company has not early adopted and is
currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance and an appropriate
implementation strategy.     

   The FASB issued an accounting
standard update in March 2016 involving several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, use of a forfeiture rate, and
classification on the statement of cash flows.  The guidance within this
accounting standard update is effective for annual and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted, however, if
early adoption is elected, all amendments in the update must be adopted in the
same period.  When adopted, application of the guidance will vary based on each
aspect of the update, including adoption under retrospective, modified
retrospective or prospective approaches.  The Company has not early adopted and
is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance and an
appropriate implementation strategy.     

   The FASB
issued an accounting standard update in February 2016 regarding the accounting
and disclosure for leases.  Specifically, the update will require entities that
lease assets to recognize the assets and liabilities for the rights and
obligations created by those leases on the balance sheet, in most instances. 
The guidance within this accounting standard update is effective for annual and
interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and should be applied on a
modified retrospective basis for the reporting periods presented.  Early
adoption is permitted.  The Company has not early adopted and is currently
evaluating the potential impact of this guidance and an appropriate
implementation strategy.   

   The FASB issued an accounting standard update in November 2015
regarding the classification of deferred taxes on the balance sheet.  The
update requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any
related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance
sheet.  The update does not change the existing requirement that only
permits offsetting within a jurisdiction.  The guidance within this
accounting standard update is effective for annual and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, and may be applied either prospectively, for
all deferred tax assets and liabilities, or retrospectively.  Early
adoption is permitted.      The Company has not early adopted and is considering an
appropriate implementation strategy.      Adoption of the guidance will not have an
impact on the Company s earnings or cash flow but will result in a balance
sheet reclassification between current and long-term assets and liabilities.   

   The FASB issued an accounting standard update in July 2015
regarding simplifying the measurement of inventory.  The guidance is
applicable for entities that measure inventory using the FIFO or average cost
methods.  Specifically, the update requires that inventory be measured at
lower of cost or net realizable value.  Net realizable value is the
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.  The
amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. 
This guidance should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted.  During
the first quarter of 2016, the Company elected to early adopt this guidance
without a material impact.   

   The FASB issued an
accounting standard update in May 2015 regarding the required disclosures for
entities that elect to measure the fair value of certain investments using the
net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient in accordance
with the fair value measurement authoritative guidance.  The update
removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy, and also
limits the requirement to make certain other disclosures, for all such
investments.  The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, and should be applied on a retrospective basis for the periods
presented.  Early adoption was permitted.      During the first quarter of 2016,
the Company adopted this guidance without a material impact.   

   The FASB issued an
accounting standard update in April 2015 regarding the presentation of debt
issuance costs on the balance sheet.  The update requires capitalized debt
issuance costs be presented on the balance sheet as a reduction to debt, rather
than recorded as a separate asset.  The amendments in this update are
effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and
should be applied on a retrospective basis for the periods presented. 
Early adoption was permitted.  Also, in June 2015, the SEC staff announced
that the guidance within this accounting standard update was not applicable to
revolving debt arrangements or credit facilities.     During the first quarter of 2016,
the Company adopted this guidance without a material impact.   

7   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

The
FASB issued an accounting standard update in May 2014 regarding the accounting
for and disclosure of revenue recognition.  Specifically, the update
outlined a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for
revenue arising from contracts with customers, which will be common to both
U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ).  The
guidance was effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December
15, 2016, and allowed for full retrospective adoption of prior period data or a
modified retrospective adoption.  Early adoption was not permitted. 
In August 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to delay the
effective date of the new revenue standard by one year, or, in other words, to
be effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15,
2017.  Entities will be permitted to adopt the new revenue standard early
but not before the original effective date.  In March 2016, the FASB issued an
accounting standard update to clarify the implementation guidance on principal
versus agent considerations.  In April 2016, the FASB issued an accounting
standard update to clarify the identification of performance obligations and
the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles
for those areas.  In May 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to
clarify guidance in certain areas and add some practical expedients to the
guidance.  The amendments in these 2016 updates do not change the core
principle of the previously issued guidance in May 2014.  As of September 30,
2016, the Company has begun its preliminary assessment for the implementation
of this new revenue recognition guidance.  Given this assessment is in its
early stages, the Company is still assessing materiality and evaluating the
potential impact of this guidance and an appropriate implementation strategy.          

        Note 3           Restructuring and Related Activities    

   In response to
continued weak economic conditions and market declines in many regions, Quaker s
management approved a global restructuring plan (the  2015 Program ) in the
fourth quarter of 2015 to reduce its operating costs.  The 2015 Program
includes the re-organization of certain commercial functions, the consolidation
of certain distribution, laboratory and administrative offices, and other
related severance charges.  In addition to these actions, the Company made a
decision to make available-for-sale certain technology of one of its existing
businesses, which also resulted in employee severance and $0.3 million of
intangible assets being reclassified to other current assets as of December 31,
2015.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there has been no
further update and the intangible assets continue to be available for sale and
included in other current assets.   

     The 2015 Program includes provisions for the
reduction of total headcount of approximately 65 employees globally.  Employee
separation benefits varied depending on local regulations within certain
foreign countries and included severance and other benefits.  The Company still
expects to substantially complete all of the initiatives under the 2015 Program
in 2016 and expects settlement of these charges to occur primarily in 2016 as
well.        The Company has not
incurred additional restructuring expenses in connection with the 2015 Program
during the first nine months of 2016, and at this time the Company does not
expect material additional restructuring expenses beyond customary and routine
adjustments to initial estimates for employee separation benefits.       

   Restructuring
activity recognized in each reportable operating segment in connection with the
2015 Program is as follows:     

Note 4   Business Segments    

   The
Company s reportable operating segments are organized by geography as follows:
(i) North America, (ii) Europe, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ), (iii)
Asia/Pacific and (iv) South America.      Operating earnings, excluding indirect operating expenses,
for the Company s reportable operating segments is comprised of revenues less
costs of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses ( SG A )
directly related to the respective region s product sales.  The indirect operating
expenses consist of SG A not directly attributable to the product sales of
each respective reportable operating segment.  Other items not specifically
identified with the Company s reportable operating segments include interest
expense, interest income, license fees from non-consolidated affiliates,
amortization expense and other income (expense).       

8   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

The
following table presents information about the performance of the Company s
reportable operating segments for the     three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:         

Inter-segment revenues for the     three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were $2.5 million and $6.3 million for North America, $5.3 million
and $13.2 million for EMEA, $0.1 million and $0.5 million for Asia/Pacific and
$0 and less than $0.1 million for South America, respectively.      Inter-segment revenues for the     three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015 were $2.3 million and $6.9 million for North America, $5.2 million
and $14.6 million for EMEA, $0.3 million and $0.5 million for Asia/Pacific and
$0 and less than $0.1 million for South America, respectively.      However, all inter-segment
transactions have been eliminated from each reportable operating segment s net
sales and earnings for all periods presented above.           

      Note 5   Stock-Based Compensation    

   The Company recognized the
following stock-based compensation expense in SG A in its Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015:      

The Company s estimated taxes payable as of September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, were sufficient to fully recognize $0.2 million and $0.4
million of excess tax benefits related to stock option exercises as cash
inflows from financing activities in its Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.     

9   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

During
the first quarter of 2016, the Company granted stock options under its LTIP
plan that are subject only to time vesting over a three-year period.  For the
purposes of determining the fair value of stock option awards, the Company uses
the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the assumptions set forth in the
table below:     

The fair value of these options is amortized on a
straight-line basis over the vesting period.  As of September 30, 2016,
unrecognized compensation expense related to options granted was $1.3 million,
to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of 2.0 years.  There
were no stock options granted in the second or third quarters of 2016.   

   During the first nine months
of 2016, the Company granted 28,471 nonvested restricted shares and 2,041 nonvested
restricted stock units under its LTIP plan that are subject only to time
vesting, generally over a three-year period.  The fair value of these awards is
based on the trading price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant.  The
Company adjusts the grant date fair value of these awards for expected
forfeitures based on historical experience.  As of September 30, 2016,
unrecognized compensation expense related to the nonvested shares was $3.4
million, to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of 1.6
years, and unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock
units was $0.2 million, to be recognized over a weighted average remaining
period of 1.9 years.     

        Note 6   Pension
and Other Postretirement Benefits    

     The components of net periodic benefit cost for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:     

As of December 31, 2015, the Company elected to use a split
discount rate (spot-rate approach) for the U.S. plans and certain foreign plans,
which includes the method used to estimate the service and interest
components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement
benefits beginning in the first quarter of 2016.  This change resulted in
a decrease in the service and interest components for pension cost in the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015.  Historically, the Company estimated
service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average
discount rate derived from a specific yield curve used to measure the benefit
obligation at the beginning of the period.  Under the spot-rate
approach, service and interest cost components have been estimated based
on the application of the spot rates on a given yield curve at each future year
to each plan's projected cash flows to measure the benefit obligation at the
beginning of the period.  The Company made this change to provide a more
precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation
between projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding spot yield curve
rates.  This change has been accounted for as a change in accounting
estimate and, accordingly, accounted for prospectively.     

        Employer Contributions    

   The Company
previously disclosed in its financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2015, that it expected to make minimum cash contributions of
$7.5 million to its pension plans and $0.5 million to its other postretirement
benefit plans in 2016.  As of September 30, 2016, $6.6 million and $0.4 million
of contributions have been made to the Company s pension plans and its
postretirement benefit plans, respectively.       

10   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

Note 7  
Other Income (Expense), Net    

   The components of other income
(expense), net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
are as follows:     

Note 8   Income Taxes and Uncertain Income Tax
Positions    

     The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was 31.0% compared to 27.3% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015.  The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due
to the Company recording earnings in one of its subsidiaries at a statutory tax
rate of 25% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, while it awaits
recertification of a concessionary 15% tax rate, which was available to the
Company during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.         

   As of September
30, 2016, the Company s cumulative liability for gross unrecognized tax
benefits was $7.1 million.  As of December 31, 2015, the Company s cumulative
liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits was $11.0 million.  In both the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized a
decrease of $1.5 million in its cumulative liability for gross unrecognized tax
benefits due to the expiration of the applicable statutes of limitations for
certain tax years.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company recognized a decrease of $3.6 million in its cumulative liability for
gross unrecognized tax benefits due to settlements with tax authorities.  There
were no similar settlements during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.     

   The Company
continues to recognize interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax
positions as a component of taxes on income before equity in net income of
associated companies in its Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  The
Company recognized ($0.7) million and ($0.6) million for interest and ($0.1)
million and $0.2 million for penalties in its Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively.  The Company recognized ($0.1) million and ($0.2) million for
interest and less than ($0.1) million and $0.2 million for penalties in its
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had accrued $0.9 million for cumulative interest and $2.1 million for
cumulative penalties in its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, compared to
$1.5 million for cumulative interest and $1.9 million for cumulative penalties
accrued at December 31, 2015.   

   The Company estimates
that during the year ending December 31, 2016 it will reduce its cumulative
liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits by approximately $2.0 million due
to the expiration of the statute of limitations with regard to certain tax
positions.  This estimated reduction in the cumulative liability for
unrecognized tax benefits does not consider any increase in liability for
unrecognized tax benefits with regard to existing tax positions or any increase
in cumulative liability for unrecognized tax benefits with regard to new tax
positions for the year ending December 31, 2016.   

   The Company and
its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. Federal income tax, as well as the income
tax of various state and foreign tax jurisdictions.  Tax years that remain
subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions include Brazil from 2000,
Italy from 2007, France from 2008, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom from
2010, Spain and China from 2012, the United States from 2013, and various
domestic state tax jurisdictions from 1993.   

       In the fourth quarter of 2015,     the D      utch tax authorities assessed the Company s subsidiary,
Quaker Chemical B.V., for additional income taxes related to the 2011 tax year
and Quaker Chemical B.V. filed a protest of such assessment.  During the third
quarter of 2016 the Company settled with the Dutch tax authorities for matters
related to transfer pricing issues for 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015, with
no change to the income tax returns as filed.          In the first
quarter of 2016, the French tax authorities gave notice that they were auditing
the Company s subsidiary Quaker Chemical S.A, and subsequently, during the
second quarter of 2016,  gave notice that they closed the audit with no
additional tax assessed.        Also, t    he Italian tax
authorities have assessed additional tax due from the Company s subsidiary,
Quaker Italia S.r.l., relating to the tax years 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010.        I    n the first quarter of 2016, the Italian
tax authorities delivered an audit report to Quaker Italia S.r.l. for the tax
years 2011, 2012 and 2013 alleging additional tax due.        As of       

11   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

September 30, 2016, the
Company believes it has adequate reserves, where merited, for uncertain tax
positions with respect to all of these audits.                

        Note 9   Earnings Per Share    

     The following table summarizes earnings per share
calculations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:     

The following aggregate numbers of stock options and
restricted stock units are not included in the diluted earnings per share
calculation since the effect would have been anti-dilutive: 0 and 3,465 for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and 7,903 and
6,460 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.     

      Note 10   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    

     The Company completes its
annual impairment test as of the end of the third quarter of each year, or more
frequently if triggering events indicate a possible impairment in one or more
of its reporting units.  The Company continually evaluates financial performance,
economic conditions and other relevant developments in assessing if an interim
period impairment test for one or more of its reporting units is necessary.        The Company completed its annual impairment
assessment as of the end of the third quarter of 2016 and no impairment charge
was warranted.  The estimated fair value of each of the Company s reporting
units substantially exceeded its carrying value, with no reporting unit at risk
for failing step one of the goodwill impairment test.  In addition, the Company
has recorded no impairment charges in its past.  Changes in the carrying amount
of goodwill for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows:     

12   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

Gross carrying amounts and
accumulated amortization for definite-lived intangible assets as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:     

The Company recorded $1.7 million and $5.3 million of
amortization expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively.  Comparatively, the Company recorded $1.8 million and $5.0
million of amortization expense for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively.  Estimated annual aggregate amortization expense for
the current year and subsequent five years is as follows:     

The Company has two indefinite-lived intangible assets
totaling $1.1 million for trademarks at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.     

        Note 11   Debt     

     The Company s primary credit facility is a $300.0 million
syndicated multicurrency credit agreement with a group of lenders, which
matures in June 2018.  The maximum amount available under this credit facility
can be increased to $400.0 million at the Company s option if the lenders agree
and the Company satisfies certain conditions.  Borrowings under this credit
facility generally bear interest at a base rate or LIBOR rate plus a margin.    Access to this credit facility is
dependent on meeting certain financial and other covenants, but primarily
depends on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio calculation, which cannot
exceed 3.50 to 1.        As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s consolidated
leverage ratio was below 1.0 to 1, and the Company was also in compliance with
all of its other covenants.    As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $57.5 million and
$62.9 million outstanding, respectively, under its credit facilities.  The
Company s other debt obligations were primarily industrial development bonds
and municipality-related loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015.          

        Note 12   Equity    

     In May 2015, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program for the repurchase of
up to $100.0 million of Quaker Chemical Corporation common stock (the  2015
Share Repurchase Program ).  The 2015 Share Repurchase Program has no
expiration date.  The 2015 Share Repurchase Program provides a framework of
conditions under which management can repurchase shares of the Company s common
stock.  The Company currently intends to repurchase shares to at least offset
the dilutive impact of shares issued each year as part of its employee benefit
and share based compensation plans, and could repurchase more if the Company
considers the share price to be at a level that offers an advantageous return
for its shareholders.  The purchases may be made in the open market or in
private and negotiated transactions and will be in accordance with applicable
laws, rules and regulations.  In connection with the 2015 Share Repurchase
Program, the remaining unutilized 1995 and 2005 Board of Directors authorized
share repurchase programs were terminated.   

   In
connection with the 2015 Share Repurchase Program, the Company acquired 83,879
shares of common stock for $5.9 million, during the nine months ended September
30, 2016, and 59,110 shares of common stock for $5.0 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015.  The Company has elected not to hold treasury
shares, and, therefore, has retired the shares as they are repurchased.  It is
the Company s accounting policy to record the excess paid over par value as a
reduction in retained earnings for all shares repurchased.     

13   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

The following tables present
the changes in equity, net of tax, for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:       

14   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

15   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

The following
tables show the reclassifications from and resulting balances of accumulated
other comprehensive loss ( AOCI ) for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015:     

Approximately 70% and 30% of the amounts reclassified from
accumulated other comprehensive loss to the Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Income for defined benefit retirement plans during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were recorded in SG A and cost of goods
sold, respectively.  See Note 6 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements for further information.  All reclassifications related to
unrealized gain (loss) in available-for-sale securities relate to the       

16   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

Company s
equity interest in a captive insurance company and are recorded in equity in
net income of associated companies.  The amounts reported in other
comprehensive income for non-controlling interest are related to currency
translation adjustments.     

        Note 13   Business
Acquisitions    

     In May 2016, the Company acquired a business that is
associated with dust control products for the mining industry for its
North America reportable operating segment for $1.9 million.  The
acquisition provides a strategic opportunity to expand Quaker s technology and
product portfolio offering in the mining industry.  The Company allocated $1.7
million of the purchase price to intangible assets, comprised of trademarks and
formulations, to be amortized over 15 years; a non-competition agreement, to be
amortized over 5 years; and customer relationships, to be amortized over 15
years.  In addition, the Company recorded $0.1 million of goodwill,
related to expected value not allocated to other acquired assets, all of which
will be tax deductible.  The remaining purchase price of approximately $0.1
million was allocated to the acquisition date fair   value of inventory acquired.       

   As of September 30, 2016, the
allocation of the purchase price for the 2016 acquisition has not been
finalized and the one-year measurement period has not ended.  Adjustments may
be necessary as a result of the Company s assessment of additional information
related to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.   

   In July 2015, the Company acquired Verkol,
S.A. ( Verkol ), a leading specialty grease and other lubricants manufacturer
based in northern Spain, included in its EMEA reportable operating segment, for
37.7 million EUR, or approximately $41.4 million.  This includes a post-closing
adjustment of 1.3 million EUR, or approximately $1.4 million that was accrued
as of December 31, 2015 and paid during the first quarter of 2016.  The
purchase included cash acquired of 14.1 million EUR, or approximately $15.4
million, and assumed long-term debt of 2.2 million EUR, or approximately $2.4
million.   

     During the first six months of 2016, the
Company identified and recorded certain adjustments to the allocation of the
purchase price for the Verkol acquisition.  These adjustments were the result
of the Company assessing additional information related to assets acquired
during the one-year measurement period following the acquisition.  As of June
30, 2016, the allocation of the purchase price for the Verkol acquisition was
finalized.  The following table presents the final allocation of the purchase
price of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the Verkol
acquisition:     

In November 2014, the Company acquired Binol AB, a leading
bio-lubricants producer primarily serving the Nordic region, included in it
EMEA reportable operating segment, for 136.5 million SEK, or approximately
$18.5 million, which is net of 4.4 million SEK, or approximately $0.5 million,
received by the Company as part of a post-closing adjustment in the first
quarter of 2015.   

   The results of operations of the acquired
businesses and assets are included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income from their respective acquisition dates.  Transaction expenses
associated with these acquisitions are included in SG A in the Company s
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  Certain pro forma and other
information is not presented, as the operations of the acquired businesses are
not material to the overall operations of the Company for the periods
presented.     

17   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

Note 14   Fair Value
Measurements    

     The Company has valued its company-owned life insurance policies
at fair value.  These assets are subject to fair value measurement as follows:     

The fair values of Company-owned life insurance assets are based
on quotes for like instruments with similar credit ratings and terms.  The
Company did not hold any Level 3 investments as of September 30, 2016 or
December 31, 2015, respectively, so related disclosures have not been included.     

      Note 15   Commitments and Contingencies    

   In 1992, the Company identified
certain soil and groundwater contamination at AC Products, Inc. ( ACP ), a
wholly owned subsidiary.  In voluntary coordination with the Santa Ana
California Regional Water Quality Board ( SACRWQB ), ACP has been remediating
the contamination, the principal contaminant of which is perchloroethylene
( PERC ).  In 2004, the Orange County Water District ( OCWD ) filed a civil
complaint against ACP and other parties seeking to recover compensatory and
other damages related to the investigation and remediation of the contamination
in the groundwater.  Pursuant to a settlement agreement with OCWD, ACP agreed,
among other things, to operate two groundwater treatment systems to
hydraulically contain groundwater contamination emanating from ACP s site until
the concentrations of PERC released by ACP fell below the current Federal
maximum contaminant level for four consecutive quarterly sampling events.  In
February 2014, ACP ceased operation at one of its two groundwater treatment
systems, as it had met the above condition for closure.  Based on the most
recent modeling, it is estimated that the remaining system will operate for
another   three months to twenty-seven
months  .     

   As of September 30, 2016, the
Company believes that the range of potential-known liabilities associated with
the balance of the ACP water remediation program is approximately $0.1 million to
$0.8 million, for which the Company has sufficient reserves.  The low and high
ends of the range are based on the length of operation of the treatment system
as determined by groundwater modeling.  Costs of operation include the
operation and maintenance of the extraction well, groundwater monitoring and
program management.    

   The Company believes that it
has made adequate accruals for costs associated with other environmental
problems of which it is aware, although there can be no assurance regarding the
outcome of other unrelated environmental matters.  The Company accrued approximately
$0.2 million and $0.3 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, to provide for such anticipated future environmental assessments
and remediation costs.   

   An inactive subsidiary of the
Company that was acquired in 1978 sold certain products containing asbestos,
primarily on an installed basis, and is among the defendants in numerous
lawsuits alleging injury due to exposure to asbestos.  The subsidiary
discontinued operations in 1991 and has no remaining assets other than the
proceeds received from insurance settlements.  To date, the overwhelming
majority of these claims have been disposed of without payment and there have
been no adverse judgments against the subsidiary.  Based on a continued
analysis of the existing and anticipated future claims against this subsidiary,
it is currently projected that the subsidiary s total liability over the next
50 years for these claims is less than $3.0 million (excluding costs of
defense).  Although the Company has also been named as a defendant in certain
of these cases, no claims have been actively pursued against the Company, and
the Company has not contributed to the defense or settlement of any of these
cases pursued against the subsidiary.  These cases were handled by the
subsidiary s primary and excess insurers who had agreed in 1997 to pay all
defense costs and be responsible for all damages assessed against the
subsidiary arising out of existing and future asbestos claims up to the
aggregate limits of their policies.  A significant portion of this primary
insurance coverage was provided by an insurer that is insolvent, and the other
primary insurers asserted that the aggregate limits of their policies have been
exhausted.  The subsidiary challenged the applicability of these limits to the
claims being brought against the subsidiary.      In response, two of the three carriers
entered into separate settlement and release agreements with the subsidiary in
2005 and 2007 for $15.0 million and $20.0 million, respectively.  The proceeds
of both settlements are restricted and can only be used to pay claims and costs
of defense associated with the subsidiary s       

18   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements         - Continued    

       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per
share amounts, unless otherwise stated)       

       (Unaudited)       

asbestos
litigation.  In 2007, the subsidiary and the remaining primary insurance
carrier entered into a Claim Handling and Funding Agreement, under which the
carrier is paying 27% of defense and indemnity costs incurred by or on behalf
of the subsidiary in connection with asbestos bodily injury claims.  The
agreement continues until terminated and can only be terminated by either party
by providing a minimum of two years prior written notice.  As of September 30,
2016, no notice of termination has been given under this agreement.  At the end
of the term of the agreement, the subsidiary may choose to again pursue its
claim against this insurer regarding the application of the policy limits  .    The Company believes that,
if the coverage issues under the primary policies with the remaining carrier
are resolved adversely to the subsidiary and all settlement proceeds were used,
the subsidiary may have limited additional coverage from a state guarantee fund
established following the insolvency of one of the subsidiary s primary insurers. 
Nevertheless, liabilities in respect of claims may exceed the assets and
coverage available to the subsidiary.    

   If the subsidiary s assets and
insurance coverage were to be exhausted, claimants of the subsidiary could
actively pursue claims against the Company because of the parent-subsidiary
relationship.  The Company does not believe that such claims would have merit
or that the Company would be held to have liability for any unsatisfied
obligations of the subsidiary as a result of such claims.  After evaluating the
nature of the claims filed against the subsidiary and the small number of such
claims that have resulted in any payment, the potential availability of
additional insurance coverage at the subsidiary level, the additional
availability of the Company s own insurance and the Company s strong defenses
to claims that it should be held responsible for the subsidiary s obligations
because of the parent-subsidiary relationship, the Company believes it is not
probable that the Company will incur losses.  The Company has been successful
to date having claims naming it dismissed during initial proceedings.  Since
the Company may be in this early stage of litigation for some time, it is not
possible to estimate additional losses or range of loss, if any.   

   As initially disclosed in
2010, one of the Company s subsidiaries may have paid certain value-added-taxes
( VAT ) incorrectly and, in certain cases, may not have collected sufficient
VAT from certain customers.  The VAT rules and regulations at issue are
complex, vary among the jurisdictions and can be contradictory, in particular
as to how they relate to the subsidiary s products and to sales between
jurisdictions.  Since its inception, the subsidiary had been consistent in its
VAT collection and remittance practices and had never been contacted by any tax
authority relative to VAT.  The subsidiary later determined that for certain
products, a portion of the VAT was incorrectly paid and that the total VAT due
exceeded the amount originally collected and remitted by the subsidiary.  In
response, the subsidiary modified its VAT invoicing and payment procedures to
eliminate or mitigate future exposure.   

   In 2010, three jurisdictions
contacted the subsidiary and, since then, the subsidiary has either
participated in an amnesty program or entered into a settlement whereby it paid
a reduced portion of the amounts owed in resolution of those jurisdictions 
claims.  In 2013, an additional jurisdiction issued an assessment against the
subsidiary for certain tax years.  During the fourth quarter of 2015, the
subsidiary participated in an amnesty program whereby it paid a reduced portion
of the amounts owed in resolution of the jurisdictions  claims.  As a result,
the Company had no remaining accruals for these or any other related tax
assessments at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.   

   In analyzing the subsidiary s
exposure, it is difficult to estimate both the probability and the amount of
any potential liabilities due to a number of factors, including: the decrease
in exposure over time due to applicable statutes of limitations and actions
taken by the subsidiary, the joint liability of customers and suppliers for a
portion of the VAT, the availability of a VAT refund for VAT incorrectly paid
through an administrative process, any amounts which may have been or will be
paid by customers, as well as the timing and structure of any tax amnesties or
settlements.  In addition, interest and penalties on any VAT due can be a
multiple of the base tax.  The subsidiary may contest any tax assessment
administratively and/or judicially for an extended period of time, but may
ultimately resolve its disputes through participation in tax amnesty programs,
which are a common practice for settling tax disputes in the jurisdictions in
question and which have historically occurred on a regular basis, resulting in
significant reductions of interest and   penalties.  Also, the timing of
payments and refunds of VAT may not be contemporaneous, and, if additional VAT
is owed, it may not be fully recoverable from customers.  As of September 30,
2016, the Company believes there is one potentially impacted jurisdiction
remaining, and if the jurisdiction were to initiate audits and issue
assessments, the remaining exposure, net of refunds, could be from $0 to $1.4
million, assuming the continued availability of future amnesty programs or
settlements to reduce the interest and penalties.  If there are future
assessments but no such future amnesty programs or settlements, the potential
exposure could be higher.   

   The Company is party to other
litigation which management currently believes will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial
condition.     

19   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Management s Discussion and Analysis             

Item 2.       Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     .     

      Executive Summary    

   Quaker Chemical
Corporation is a leading global provider of process
fluids, chemical specialties, and technical expertise to a wide range of
industries, including steel, aluminum, automotive, mining, aerospace, tube
and pipe, cans, and others.  For nearly 100 years, Quaker     has helped customers around the
world achieve production efficiency, improve product quality, and lower costs
through a combination of innovative technology, process knowledge, and
customized services.  Headquartered in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania USA,
Quaker serves businesses worldwide with a network of dedicated and
experienced professionals whose mission is to make a difference.   

   The Company had solid operating results in
the third quarter of 2016, as organic volume, acquisition-related growth and
continued discipline in managing labor-related costs in its selling, general
and administrative expenses ( SG A ) offset some gross margin contraction
and continued foreign exchange headwinds.  Specifically, net sales increased 1%
to $190.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $189.2 million in
the third quarter of 2015 on a 2% growth in organic volumes and a 2% increase
from acquisitions, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency
translation of $3.7 million, or 2% and an approximate 1% decline in selling
price and product mix.  Although the Company s net sales increased, gross
profit decreased 1% quarter-over-quarter due to a decline in gross margin to
37.2% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 37.7% in the third quarter of
2015, primarily from changes in certain raw material costs and product mix. 
Despite the decline in gross profit, the Company s operating income increased
14% to $21.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $18.7 million in
the third quarter of 2015 due to a decrease in SG A of $3.2 million in the
third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015.  The decrease in
SG A was driven by a decrease in transaction-related expenses and a
continued discipline in managing labor-related costs, including savings as a
result of the 2015 global restructuring program.  During the third quarters of
2016 and 2015, the Company incurred $1.2 million, or $0.08 per diluted share,
and $2.8 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, respectively, for certain
uncommon transaction-related costs in connection with the execution of, and
diligence on, acquisition candidates.  Related to the restructuring program,
the Company did not incur any additional restructuring expenses in the third
quarter of 2016 and continues to execute the program as planned.  The Company
continues to project pre-tax cost savings as a result of this program to
approximate $3 million for 2016, realized mainly over the second half of the
year, and $6 million annually in subsequent years.  Excluding the
transaction-related costs, noted above, the Company s adjusted EBITDA increased
6% to $28.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $26.8 million in
the third quarter of 2015.     

   The Company s earnings per diluted share
increased 12% to $1.21 for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $1.08 in the
prior-year quarter, with non-GAAP earnings per diluted share increasing 5% to
$1.25 in the current quarter compared to $1.19 in the third quarter of 2015. 
These reported and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were achieved despite
the negative impact of foreign exchange of approximately 3%, or $0.04 per
diluted share, and a higher effective tax rate of 28.3% compared to 24.4% in
the third quarter of 2015.  The Company has recognized a higher effective tax
rate during the first nine months of 2016 due to the timing of the
recertification of a concessionary tax rate in one of its subsidiaries, which
was available to the Company throughout 2015 and which the Company expects to
receive in the fourth quarter of 2016, resulting in a full year cumulative
adjustment.  See the Non-GAAP Measures section of this Item, below, as well as
other items discussed in the Company s Consolidated Operations Review, in the
Operations section of this Item, below.   

   From a regional perspective, the Company s
third quarter of 2016 operating performance was highlighted by continued volume
growth and market share gains, primarily in Europe, Middle East and Africa
( EMEA ) and Asia/Pacific, which were partially offset by the negative impacts
from foreign currency translation in a majority of the regions.  Specific to
EMEA, the region increased its     operating earnings on     organic
volume growth,     as well as the
Company s 2015 acquisition of Verkol, on generally consistent gross margins and
labor-related costs.      Similarly,
Asia/Pacific increased its     operating
earnings from solid     volume
growth on relatively consistent gross margin and reduced levels of SG A,
which were partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency
translation.  The Company s North America region experienced a decline in its
sales due to lower volumes, selling price and product mix and foreign currency
translation.  In addition, this region began to experience some contraction in
its gross margin due to changes in certain raw material costs and product mix,
but this was partially offset by lower levels of SG A.                In the
Company s smallest region,     South
America, the Company was able to grow profitability through higher sales
volumes and selling price and product mix and, also, lower labor-related costs
as a result of various initiatives, including     cost streamlining efforts taken in this segment in prior
years.           See the Reportable Operating Segments
Review, in the Operations section of this     Item, below.     

   The Company s strong operating
performance, coupled with lower cash invested in the Company s working capital,
generated net operating cash flows of $17.0 million in the third quarter of
2016, which increased net operating cash flows by 4% to $53.0 million in the
first nine months of 2016 compared to $50.8 million in the first nine months of
2015.  The key drivers of the Company s working capital improvement are further
discussed in the Company s Liquidity and Capital Resources section of this
Item, below.     

   Overall, the Company is pleased with
another quarter of solid results.  Specifically, the Company was able to
increase its net sales from both a 2% growth in organic volumes and a 2%
increase from acquisitions and further leverage its labor-related SG A
costs, offsetting some contraction in gross margin in the third quarter of 2016
and driving growth in operating income and adjusted EBITDA       

20   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Management s Discussion and Analysis             

compared
to the third quarter of 2015.  Notably, these results were also achieved
despite a challenging economic environment and continued negative impacts from
foreign exchange on net sales and earnings of approximately 2% and 3%,
respectively.  Looking forward to the remainder of 2016, the Company expects the
fourth quarter gross margin to remain at a similar level as the current
quarter.  Also, the Company expects that savings from its global restructuring
and other cost streamlining initiatives, continued market share gains and the
leveraging of past acquisitions will continue to help offset market and foreign
exchange challenges.  In addition, the Company s strong cash flow generation
and balance sheet continue to be strengths that will support future key
strategic initiatives and acquisitions.  Overall, the Company remains confident
in its future and expects 2016 will continue to be another good year for
Quaker, as the Company continues to expect growth in both net sales and
earnings during 2016, and to increase non-GAAP earnings and adjusted EBITDA for
the seventh consecutive year.   

    Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

   Quaker s cash and cash equivalents increased
to $99.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $81.1 million at December 31,
2015.  The approximate $18.0 million increase was the net result of $53.0
million of cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by $8.7
million of cash used in investing activities, $25.5 million of cash used in
financing activities and a $0.8 million decrease due to the effect of changes
in foreign exchange rates on cash.    

   Net cash flows provided by operating
activities were $53.0 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to
$50.8 million in the first nine months of 2015.  The $2.2 million increase in
net cash flows provided by operating activities was driven primarily by
improved operating performance and lower cash invested in the Company s working
capital, partially offset by a year-over-year increase in cash outflows related
to pension and postretirement benefits due to timing and increased pension
contributions.  The decrease in cash invested in working capital was due to improved
working capital management as well as the timing of certain cash outflows from
accounts payable and accruals.  These increases to operating cash flows were
partially offset by restructuring payments made in the first nine months of
2016, as part of the Company s global restructuring program initiated in the
fourth quarter of 2015, described below.     

   Net cash flows used in investing
activities decreased from $29.4 million in the first nine months of 2015 to $8.7
million in the first nine months of 2016, primarily due to lower payments for
acquisitions.  During the first nine months of 2016, the Company had cash
outflows of $3.2 million related to acquisitions, which included a post-closing
adjustment to finalize its acquisition of Verkol and the acquisition of a
business associated with dust control products for the mining industry. 
During the first nine months of 2015, the Company had cash outflows of $24.0
million for acquisitions, which included the acquisition of Verkol and a
post-closing adjustment to finalize its 2014 acquisition of Binol AB.  These
higher cash outflows were partially offset by changes in the Company s
restricted cash, which is dependent upon the timing of claims and payments
associated with a subsidiary s asbestos litigation.  The Company s capital spending
related to property, plant and equipment was relatively consistent during the
first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, and levels
of spending within the Company s regional segments were relatively consistent
as well.     

   Net cash flows used in financing
activities were $25.5 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to cash
provided by financing activities of $14.5 million in the first nine months of
2015.  The $40.0 million increase  in net cash outflows was primarily due to
proceeds from long-term debt, net of repayments, of $30.4 million in the first
nine months of 2015 compared to long-term debt repayments of $6.8 million in
the first nine months of 2016.  The prior year proceeds from long-term debt,
coupled with cash on hand, were primarily used to finance the Verkol
acquisition.  In addition, the Company had increased dividend payments and
additional share repurchases of $0.8 million and $0.9 million, respectively, in
the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015.     

   The Company s primary credit facility is a
$300.0 million syndicated multicurrency credit agreement with a group of
lenders, which matures in June 2018.  The maximum   amount
available under this credit facility can be increased to $400.0 million at the
Company s option if the lenders agree and the Company satisfies certain
conditions.  Borrowings under this credit facility generally bear interest at a
base rate or LIBOR rate plus a margin.  Access to this credit facility is
dependent on meeting certain financial and other covenants, but primarily
depends on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio calculation, which cannot
exceed 3.50 to 1.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
Company s consolidated leverage ratio was below 1.0 to 1, and the Company was
also in compliance with all of its other covenants.  As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company had $57.5 million and $62.9 million
outstanding, respectively, under its credit facilities.  The Company s other
debt obligations were primarily industrial development bonds and
municipality-related loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.     

   The Company continues to
execute its global restructuring program initiated in the fourth quarter of
2015 as planned, and did not incur any additional restructuring expenses during
the first nine months of 2016.  In addition, the Company still expects to
substantially complete this program during 2016.  During the first nine months
of 2016, the Company realized cost savings related to this program in line with
original expectations, and continues to project pre-tax cost savings as a
result of this program to approximate $3 million in 2016, realized mainly over
the second half of the year, and $6 million annually in subsequent years.  Notably,
the Company paid $4.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and expects to pay an additional $2.2 million primarily in the fourth quarter
of 2016 utilizing operating cash flows for the settlement of its remaining
restructuring liabilities.   

21   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Management s Discussion and Analysis             

As of     September 30    , 2016, the Company s gross liability for
uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, was $10.1 million.
The Company cannot determine a reliable estimate of the timing of cash flows by
period related to its uncertain tax position liability.  However, should the
entire liability be paid, the amount of the payment may be reduced by up to
$5.0 million as a result of offsetting benefits in other tax jurisdictions.   

   The Company believes it is capable of
supporting its operating requirements and funding its business objectives,
including but not limited to, payments of dividends to shareholders, pension
plan contributions, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other business
opportunities, other potential contingencies and share repurchases, through
internally generated funds supplemented with debt or equity as needed.   

    Critical Accounting Policies    

   The
Company s critical accounting policies set forth in its Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 remain materially consistent. 
However, the Company completed its annual goodwill impairment assessment during
the third quarter of 2016.  Based on this assessment, the following is an
update to the Company s related critical accounting policy:   

   Goodwill and other intangible assets   The Company accounts for
business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting.  This method
requires the recording of acquired assets, including separately identifiable
intangible assets, at their acquisition date fair values.  Any excess of the
purchase price over the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets
acquired is recorded as goodwill.  The determination of the estimated fair
value of assets acquired requires management s judgment and often involves the
use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with
respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, royalty rates,
asset lives and market multiples, among other items.  When necessary, the Company
consults with external advisors to help determine fair value.  For
non-observable market values, the Company may determine fair value using
acceptable valuation principles, including the excess earnings, relief from
royalty, lost profit or cost methods.     

   The Company amortizes definite-lived intangible assets on a
straight-line basis over the useful lives of the intangible assets.  Goodwill
and intangible assets which have indefinite lives are not amortized and are
required to be assessed at least annually for impairment.  The Company compares
the assets  fair value to their carrying value, primarily based on future
discounted cash flows, in order to determine if an impairment charge is
warranted.  The estimates of future cash flows involve considerable management
judgment and are based upon assumptions about expected future operating
performance.  Assumptions used in these forecasts are consistent with internal
planning, but the actual cash flows could differ from management s estimates
due to changes in business conditions, operating performance, and economic
conditions.  The Company s assumption of weighted average cost of capital
( WACC ) and estimated future net operating profit after tax ( NOPAT ) are
particularly important in determining estimated future cash flows.     

   The Company completed its annual impairment assessment as of the
end of the third quarter of 2016, and no impairment charge was warranted. 
Furthermore, the estimated fair value of each of the Company s reporting units
substantially exceeded its carrying value, with none of the Company s reporting
units at risk for failing step one of the goodwill impairment test.  The
Company s consolidated goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $80.4 million and $80.2 million, respectively. 
The Company used a WACC of approximately 10% and, at September 30, 2016,
this assumption would have had to increase by more than 25.6% before any of the
Company s reporting units would fail step one of the impairment analysis. 
Further, at September 30, 2016, the Company s estimate of future NOPAT would
have had to decrease by more than 23.8% before any of the Company s reporting
units would be considered potentially impaired.   

    Non-GAAP Measures    

   Included in this Form 10-Q filing are two
non-GAAP (unaudited) financial measures: non-GAAP earnings per diluted share
and adjusted EBITDA.  The Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures
provide meaningful supplemental information as they enhance a reader s
understanding of the financial performance of the Company, are more indicative
of future operating performance of the Company, and facilitate a better
comparison among fiscal periods, as the non-GAAP financial measures exclude
items that are not considered core to the Company s operations.  Non-GAAP
results are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should
not be considered a substitute for the financial information presented in
accordance with GAAP.  The following tables reconcile non-GAAP earnings per
diluted share (unaudited) and adjusted EBITDA (unaudited) to their most
directly comparable GAAP (unaudited) financial measures:   

22   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Management s Discussion and Analysis             

(a)         Equity income in a captive insurance
company represents the income attributable to the Company s interest in Primex,
Ltd. ( Primex ), a captive insurance company.  The Company holds a 33%
investment in, and has significant influence over Primex, and therefore
accounts for this interest under the equity method of accounting.  The income
attributable to Primex is not considered core to the Company s operations.  

  (b)        Certain uncommon
transaction-related expenses represent certain transaction-related costs
incurred in connection with the execution of, and diligence on, acquisition
candidates.  These costs are not indicative of the future operating performance
of the Company.   

  (c)         U.S. customer bankruptcies represent
the costs associated with reserving for trade accounts receivable of certain
U.S. customers who filed for bankruptcy protection.  These expenses are
not indicative of the future operating performance of the Company.  

  (d)        Cost streamlining initiatives
represent expenses associated with certain actions taken in the Company s South
America reportable operating segment to streamline and enhance segment
profitability.  These costs are not indicative of the future operating
performance of the Company.    

  (e)      
  Currency
conversion impact of the Venezuelan bolivar fuerte represents losses incurred
at the Company s Venezuelan affiliate as a result of changes in Venezuela s
foreign exchange markets and controls.  See Note 1 of Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.  These losses were the result of
specific one-time changes to Venezuela s foreign exchange controls and are not
indicative of the future operating performance of the Company.    

Operations    

     Consolidated Operations Review
  Comparison of the Third Quarter of 2016 with the Third Quarter of 2015     

   Net sales in the third quarter of 2016 of
$190.4 million increased 1% from $189.2 million in the third quarter of 2015. 
The increase in net sales was primarily due to a 2% increase in organic volumes
and a $3.0 million, or 2% increase from sales attributable to the Company s
2015 acquisition of Verkol, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign
currency translation of $3.7 million, or 2%, and a decline in selling price and
product mix of approximately 1%.   

23   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Management s Discussion and Analysis             

Costs of goods
sold ( COGS ) in the third quarter of 2016 of $119.6 million increased 1% from
$117.9 million in the third quarter of 2015.  The increase in COGS was
primarily due to increases in product volume, including the additional COGS
attributed to the Company s 2015 acquisition of Verkol, and the impact of
product mix and certain raw material cost changes, partially offset by the
impact of foreign currency translation.   

   Gross profit in the third quarter of 2016 decreased
approximately $0.6 million, or 1%, from the third quarter of 2015.  The decrease
in gross profit was primarily due to slightly lower gross margin of 37.2% in
the third quarter of 2016 compared to 37.7% in the third quarter of 2015,
partially offset by the     increase
in sales volumes, noted above.  The decrease in gross margin was driven by
changes in certain raw material costs and product mix.       

   SG A in the third quarter of 2016
decreased $3.2 million compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to
the impact of cost savings efforts, including savings as a result of the 2015
global restructuring program, decreases from foreign currency translation, and
the lower uncommon transaction-related expenses described in the Non-GAAP Measures
section of this Item, above.      In
addition, overall labor related costs were relatively flat quarter-over-quarter
as annual compensation increases and the incremental costs associated with the
Company s 2015 acquisition of Verkol were offset by certain cost savings efforts,
noted above.  Also, the Company did not incur any additional restructuring
expenses in the third quarter of 2016 and continues to execute the program as
planned.     

   Operating income in the third quarter of
2016 was $21.3 million, a 14% increase compared to $18.7 million in the third
quarter of 2015.  The increase in operating income was primarily due to the
increase in sales volumes and the decrease in SG A quarter-over-quarter,
partially offset by the slight decline in gross margin, noted above.     

   The Company had other income of $0.5
million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $0.2 million in the third
quarter of 2015.  The increase of $0.3 million in other income was primarily
driven by foreign currency transaction gains realized in the third quarter of
2016 compared to foreign currency transaction losses in the third quarter of
2015.   

   Interest expense was relatively consistent
on comparable average borrowings outstanding in the third quarter of 2016
compared to the third quarter of 2015.  Interest income was $0.1 million higher
in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily
due to an increase in the level of the Company s invested cash during the third
quarter of 2016.     

   The Company s effective tax rates for the
third quarters of 2016 and 2015 were 28.3% and 24.4%, respectively.  The
increase in the third quarter of 2016 effective tax rate was primarily due to
the Company recording earnings in one of its subsidiaries at a statutory tax
rate of 25% while it awaits recertification of a concessionary 15% tax rate,
which was available to the Company during the third quarter of 2015.  The
Company still expects to receive this recertification and to record the full
year cumulative benefit of the reduced rate in the fourth quarter of 2016.     

   Equity in net income of associated
companies ( equity income ) increased by $0.1 million in the third quarter of
2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015.  The increase in equity income was
primarily due to higher earnings from the Company s interest in a captive
insurance company, described in the Non-GAAP Measures section of this Item,
above.    

   Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interest decreased by $0.1 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the
third quarter of 2015, primarily due to lower earnings attributable to the
Company s India affiliate.     

   Changes in foreign exchange rates
negatively impacted the Company s third quarter of 2016 net income by
approximately 3%, or $0.04 per diluted share.          

     Consolidated Operations Review
  Comparison of the First Nine Months of 2016 with the First Nine Months of
2015     

   Net sales for the first nine months of
2016 of $555.4 million increased modestly compared to net sales of $554.3
million for the first nine months of 2015.  The $1.1 million, or less than 1%,
increase to net sales was     primarily
the result of     a 5    % increase in     volumes, including approximately $18.4
million     of sales attributable
to     the Company s     2015 acquisition of Verkol    ,     partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency
translation of $17.0 million, or 3%, and declines in selling price and product
mix of 1%.          

   COGS in the first nine months of 2016 of $345.5
million were down slightly compared to $346.0 million in the first nine months
of 2015.  The decrease in COGS was primarily due to a change in raw material
costs, the mix of products sold, and the impact of foreign currency
translation, which was partially offset by increases in product volume,
including additional COGS attributed to the Company s 2015 acquisition of
Verkol.   

   Gross profit for the first nine months of
2016 increased $1.6 million, or 1%, from the first nine months of 2015, which
was primarily driven by the increase in sales volumes, noted above, on relatively
consistent     gross margins of 37.8%
for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 37.6% in the first nine months of
2015.     

   SG A for the first nine months of 2016
decreased $3.0 million compared to the first nine months of 2015, primarily due
to a decline from foreign currency translation and lower one-time charges
incurred during the first nine months of 2016, including lower uncommon
transaction-related expenses, a prior year     cost streamlining initiative in South America, prior year events
in the Company s       

24   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Management s Discussion and Analysis             

Venezuelan affiliate, and the prior
year     U.S. customer bankruptcies,
described in the Non-GAAP Measures section of this Item, above.  In addition, the
Company incurred additional SG A for normal year-over-year labor-related
compensation increases and the     incremental costs associated with the Company s 2015 acquisition of
Verkol,     however, these costs were
largely offset     by certain
cost savings efforts, including the 2015 global restructuring program, noted
above.         

   Operating income in the first nine months
of 2016 was $62.7 million, a 8% increase compared to $58.0 million in the first
nine months of 2015.  The increase in operating income was primarily due to the
increase in sales volumes during the first nine months of 2016, on consistent
gross margin levels and the decrease in SG A year-over-year, noted above.     

   The Company had other income of $1.5
million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to other expense of $0.1
million in the first nine months of 2015.  The increase in other income was
primarily driven by foreign currency transaction gains realized in the first nine
months of 2016 compared to foreign currency transaction losses in the first nine
months of 2015.   

   Interest expense increased $0.3 million in
the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015,
primarily due to higher average borrowings outstanding during the current
period to fund the Company s recent acquisition activity.  Interest income
increased $0.3 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine
months of 2015, primarily due to an increase in the level of the Company s
invested cash and increased interest received on certain tax-related credits
during the first nine months of 2016.   

   The Company s effective tax rates for the
first nine months of 2016 and 2015 were 31.0% and 27.3%, respectively.  The
increase in the first nine months of 2016 effective tax rate was primarily due
to the Company recording earnings in one of its subsidiaries at a statutory tax
rate of 25% while it awaits recertification of a concessionary 15% tax rate,
which was available to the Company during the first nine months of 2015. 
However, the Company still expects to receive its recertification during the
fourth quarter of 2016, as noted above, and estimates its full year 2016
effective tax rate will decrease to approximately 28% to 30%.  In addition, the
Company has experienced and expects to further experience volatility in its
effective tax rates due to the varying timing of tax audits and the expirations
of applicable statutes of limitations as they relate to uncertain tax
positions, among other factors.     

   Equity income increased $2.1 million in
the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015.  The
increase in equity income was primarily due to a smaller currency conversion
charge recorded at the Company s Venezuela affiliate and lower equity income
from the Company s interest in a captive insurance company, described in the
Non-GAAP Measures section of this Item, above.     

   The Company had a $0.1 million increase in
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in the first nine months of
2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to a stronger
performance at its India affiliate.   

   Changes in foreign exchange rates,
excluding the currency conversion impacts of the Venezuelan bolivar fuerte,
noted above, negatively impacted the Company s first nine months of 2016 net
income by approximately     3%,
or $0.11 per diluted share    .   

     Reportable Operating Segments Review     

   The Company sells its industrial process
fluids, chemical specialties and technical expertise to a wide range of
industries in a global product portfolio throughout its four segments:  (i)
North America, (ii) EMEA, (iii) Asia/Pacific and (iv) South America.    

     Comparison of the Third Quarter of 2016 with
the Third Quarter of 2015     

     North America     

   North America represented approximately
45% of the Company s consolidated net sales in the third quarter of 2016, and
the region s sales decreased $3.9 million, or 4%, compared to the third quarter
of 2015.  The decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower volumes of 2%, the
negative impact of foreign currency translation of 1% and a decrease in selling
price and product mix of 1%.  The foreign exchange impact was primarily due to
a weakening of the Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar, as this exchange rate
averaged 18.74 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 16.43 in the third
quarter of 2015.  This reportable segment s operating earnings, excluding
indirect expenses, decreased $1.6 million, or 7%, compared to the third quarter
of 2015, which was the result of a decline in gross profit on lower sales volumes,
noted above, and a slight decline in gross margin due to raw material cost changes
and product mix compared to the prior year quarter.  These declines to
operating earnings were partially offset by lower SG A quarter-over-quarter
due to the impact of foreign currency translation, the Company s cost savings
efforts and lower segment performance.   

     EMEA     

   EMEA represented approximately 26% of the
Company s consolidated net sales in the third quarter of 2016, and the region s
sales increased $3.8 million, or 8%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. 
The increase in net sales was primarily due to higher volumes, including
acquisitions, of 8% and increases in selling price and product mix of
approximately 1%, partially offset by a negative impact of foreign currency
translation of less than 1%.  This reportable segment s operating earnings,
excluding indirect expenses, increased $1.2 million, or 17%, compared to the third
quarter of 2015.  The third quarter of 2016 increase was mainly driven by
higher gross profit on the increased net sales, noted above, on relatively
consistent gross margins quarter-over-quarter.  SG A in       

25   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Management s Discussion and Analysis             

the
third quarter of 2016 was flat compared to the prior year quarter, as incremental
operating costs from the 2015 Verkol acquisition and higher labor-related costs
on improved segment performance were offset by the Company s cost savings efforts.   

     Asia/Pacific     

   Asia/Pacific represented approximately 24%
of the Company s consolidated net sales in the third quarter of 2016, and the
region s sales decreased $0.2 million, or less than 1%, compared to the third
quarter of 2015.  The decrease in net sales was primarily due to the negative
impact of foreign currency translation of 4% and a decrease in selling price
and product mix of 3%, partially offset by increases in volumes of 7%.  The
foreign exchange impact was primarily due to the weakening of the Chinese
renminbi and Indian rupee against the U.S. dollar, as these exchange rates
averaged 6.67 and 66.96 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 6.27 and 64.95
in the third quarter of 2015, respectively.  Partially offsetting this foreign
exchange impact was the strengthening of the Australian dollar against the U.S.
dollar, as this exchange rate averaged 0.76 in the third quarter of 2016
compared to an average of 0.73 in the third quarter of 2015.  This reportable
segment s operating earnings, excluding indirect expenses, increased $0.5
million, or 4%, compared to the third quarter of 2015.  The increase in the
third quarter of 2016 operating earnings was primarily driven by a decline in
SG A due to the impact of foreign currency translation and the Company s
cost savings efforts, while gross profit was relatively consistent compared to
the third quarter of 2015 due to the changes to net sales, noted above, on a
modest increase in gross margin.   

     South America     

   South America represented approximately 5%
of the Company s consolidated net sales in the third quarter of 2016, and the
region s sales increased $1.4 million, or 20%, compared to the third quarter of
2015.  The increase in net sales was primarily due to higher volumes of 11% and
an increase in selling price and product mix of 12%, partially offset by the
negative impact of foreign currency translation of 3%.  The foreign exchange
impact was primarily due to the weakening of the Argentinian peso, partially
offset by the strengthening of the Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar, as
these exchange rates averaged 14.94 and 3.24 in the third quarter of 2016
compared to 9.25 and 3.54 in the third quarter of 2015, respectively.  This
reportable segment s operating earnings, excluding indirect expenses, increased
$0.4 million, or 161%, compared to the third quarter of 2015.  The third
quarter of 2016 increase was driven by higher gross profit on the increased net
sales, noted above, partially offset by lower gross margin due to raw material
cost increases.  In addition, the segment s SG A declined quarter-over-quarter
primarily due to the positive effects of various cost savings efforts,
including the Company s prior years  streamlining efforts in this segment.     

     Comparison
of the First Nine Months of 2016 with the First Nine Months of 2015     

     North America     

   North America represented approximately
45% of the Company s consolidated net sales in the first nine months of 2016,
which decreased $7.4 million, or 3%, compared to the first nine months of
2015.  The decrease in net sales was primarily due to the negative impact of
foreign currency translation of 2% and a decrease in selling price and product
mix of 2%, partially offset by higher volumes of 1%.  The foreign exchange
impact was primarily due to a weakening of the Mexican peso against the U.S.
dollar, as this exchange rate averaged 18.28 in the first nine months of 2016
compared to 15.54 in the first nine months of 2015.  This reportable segment s
operating earnings, excluding indirect expenses, decreased $0.9 million, or 1%,
compared to the first nine months of 2015.  The decrease during the first nine
months of 2016 was primarily due to the lower net sales, noted above, partially
offset by increased gross margin on lower raw material costs and product mix. 
This segment had relatively consistent levels of SG A year-over-year as
normal annual compensation increases were offset by lower segment performance
and the Company s cost savings efforts.    

     EMEA     

   EMEA represented approximately 27% of the
Company s consolidated net sales in the first nine months of 2016, which
increased $20.2 million, or 16%, compared to the first nine months of 2015. 
The increase in net sales was primarily due to higher volumes, including
acquisitions, of 18%, partially offset by decreases in selling price and
product mix of approximately 2% and the negative impact of foreign currency
translation of less than 1%.  This reportable segment s operating earnings,
excluding indirect expenses, increased $4.7 million, or 23%, compared to the
first nine months of 2015.  The increase during the first nine months of 2016 was
mainly driven by higher gross profit on the increased net sales, noted above, partially
offset by a slightly lower gross margin.  In addition, the region had higher
SG A due to incremental operating costs from the 2015 Verkol acquisition
and increased labor-related costs on improved segment performance, partially
offset by the Company s cost savings efforts.   

        Asia/Pacific      

   Asia/Pacific represented approximately 24%
of the Company s consolidated net sales in the first nine months of 2016, which
decreased $8.4 million, or 6%, compared to the first nine months of 2015.      The decrease in net sales was primarily
due to the negative impact of foreign currency translation of 5% and a decrease
in selling price and product mix of 2%, partially offset by higher volumes of
1%.  The foreign exchange impact was primarily due to the weakening of the
Chinese renminbi, Indian rupee and Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar,
as these exchange rates averaged 6.58, 67.12 and 0.74 in the first nine months
of 2016 compared to 6.17, 63.50 and 0.76 in the first nine months of 2015,
respectively.      This
reportable segment s operating earnings, excluding indirect expenses,       

26   

Quaker Chemical Corporation    

      Management s Discussion and Analysis             

were flat compared to the first nine months of 2015.  The
consistent results during the first nine months of 2016 were the result of lower
gross profit due to the decreased net sales, noted above, partially offset by
gross margin expansion due     to
    lower raw material costs and
product mix, and lower     year-over-year
SG A due primarily to the Company s cost savings efforts and lower segment
performance.   

     South America     

   South America represented approximately 4%
of the Company s consolidated net sales in the first nine months of 2016, which
decreased $3.3 million, or 13%, compared to the first nine months of 2015.  The
decrease in net sales was primarily due to the negative impact of foreign
currency translation of approximately 18% and lower volumes of 7%, partially
offset by an increase in selling price and product mix of 12%.  The foreign
exchange impact was due to the weakening of the Brazilian real and Argentinian
peso against the U.S. dollar, as these exchange rates averaged 3.53 and 14.50
in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 3.12 and 8.96 in the first nine
months of 2015, respectively.  This reportable segment s operating earnings,
excluding indirect expenses, decreased $1.6 million, or 69%, compared to the
first nine months of 2015.  The decrease during the first nine months of 2016
was mainly driven by lower gross profit on the decreased net sales, noted
above, and lower gross margin due to higher raw material costs, which were partially
offset by lower overall labor-related costs due to the segment s decreased performance
and the positive effects of various cost savings efforts, including the
Company s prior years  streamlining efforts in this segment.   

    Factors
That May Affect Our Future Results    

  (Cautionary Statements Under the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995)  

  Certain
information included in this Report and other materials filed or to be filed by
Quaker with the SEC (as well as information included in oral statements or
other written statements made or to be made by us) contain or may contain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  These statements can be identified by the
fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts.  We have
based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future
events.  These forward-looking statements include statements with respect to
our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, intentions,
financial condition, results of operations, future performance and business,
including:  

statements relating to our business
strategy;  

our current and future results and
plans; and  

statements that include the words
 may,   could,   should,   would,   believe,   expect,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   intend,   plan  or other similar expressions.  

   Such
statements include information relating to current and future business
activities, operational matters, capital spending, and financing sources.  From
time to time, forward-looking statements are also included in Quaker s other
periodic reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, press releases, and other
materials released to, or statements made to, the public.  

  Any or all of the forward-looking statements in this Report
and in any other public statements we make may turn out to be wrong.  This can
occur as a result of inaccurate assumptions or as a consequence of known or
unknown risks and uncertainties.  Many factors discussed in this Report will be
important in determining our future performance.  Consequently, actual results
may differ materially from those that might be anticipated from our
forward-looking statements.  

  We
undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  However,
any further disclosures made on related subjects in Quaker s subsequent reports
on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and other related filings should be consulted.  Our
forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions
about us and our operations that are subject to change based on various
important factors, some of which are beyond our control.  A major risk is that
demand for the Company s products and services is largely derived from the demand
for its customers  products, which subjects the Company to uncertainties
related to downturns in a customer s business and unanticipated customer
production shutdowns.  Other major risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to, significant increases in raw material costs, customer financial
stability, worldwide economic and political conditions, foreign currency
fluctuations, significant changes in applicable tax rates and regulations,
future terrorist attacks and other acts of violence.  Furthermore, the Company
is subject to the same business cycles as those experienced by steel,
automobile, aircraft, appliance, and durable goods manufacturers.  These risks,
uncertainties, and possible inaccurate assumptions relevant to our business
could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and
historical results.  Other factors beyond those discussed could also adversely
affect us.  Therefore, we caution you not to place undue reliance on our
forward-looking statements.  This discussion is provided as permitted by the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  

27   

Item 3.  Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

     We have evaluated the information required under this Item
that was disclosed in Part II, Item 7A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015, and we believe there has been no material
change to that information.   

28   

Item 4.  Controls and
Procedures.    

      Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.       As required by Rule
13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ), our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on
that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial
officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) were effective.   

    Changes in internal control
over financial reporting.       As required by Rule 13a-15(d) under the Exchange Act, our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, has evaluated our internal control over financial reporting to
determine whether any changes to our internal control over financial reporting
occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.  Based on that evaluation, no such changes to our
internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016.   

29   

PART II.     

      OTHER INFORMATION    

     Items 1A, 3, 4 and 5 of Part II are inapplicable and have been
omitted.   

      Item 1.  Legal Proceedings    

     Incorporated
by reference is the information in Note 15 of the Notes to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1, of this Report.   

      Item 2.  Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

     The following table sets
forth information concerning shares of the Company s common stock acquired by
the Company during the period covered by this report:   

(1)        All of these
shares were acquired from employees upon their surrender of previously owned Quaker
shares in payment of the exercise price of employee stock options exercised or
for the payment of taxes upon exercise of employee stock options or the vesting
of restricted stock.   

  (2)        The price paid
for shares acquired from employees pursuant to employee benefit and share-based
compensation plans, is, in each case, based on the closing price of the
Company s common stock on the date of exercise or vesting, as specified by the
plan pursuant to which the applicable option or restricted stock was granted.    

  (3)        On May 6, 2015,
the Board of Directors of the Company approved, and the Company announced, a
new share repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company is authorized to
repurchase up to $100,000,000 of Quaker Chemical Corporation common stock (the
 2015 Share Repurchase Program ).  The 2015 Share Repurchase Program, which
replaced the Company s other share repurchase plans then in effect, has no
expiration date.  There were no shares acquired by the Company pursuant to the
2015 Share Repurchase Program during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

30   

Item 6.  Exhibits   

*********  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.  

QUAKER CHEMICAL CORPORATION  
                            (Registrant)  

/s/
  Mary Dean Hall  

Date: October 26, 2016  

Mary Dean Hall, Vice President,
  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (officer duly authorized on behalf of,
  and principal financial officer of, the Registrant)   

31   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 qex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31 

EXHIBIT 31.1   

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE COMPANY
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE   SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

I, Michael F. Barry, certify that:  

1.  

I have reviewed this quarterly
  report on Form 10-Q of Quaker Chemical Corporation;  

2.  

Based on my knowledge, this report
  does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
  material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
  circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
  respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  

Based on my knowledge, the
  financial statements, and other financial information included in this
  report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
  results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
  periods presented in this report;  

4.  

The registrant s other certifying
  officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
  controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
  15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
  Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  

Designed such disclosure controls
  and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
  designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
  to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
  us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
  this report is being prepared;  

(b)  

Designed such internal control
  over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
  reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
  preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
  generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  

Evaluated the effectiveness of the
  registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
  our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
  procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
  evaluation; and  

(d)  

Disclosed in this report any
  change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
  occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
  fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
  affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
  internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  

The registrant s other certifying
  officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
  control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
  committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
  equivalent functions):  

(a)  

All significant deficiencies and
  material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
  financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
  registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
  information; and  

(b)  

Any fraud, whether or not
  material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
  role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
October 26, 2016  

/s/ Michael F. Barry  

Michael F. Barry  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 qex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31 

EXHIBIT 31.2   

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE COMPANY
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE   SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

I, Mary Dean Hall, certify that:  

1.  

I have reviewed this quarterly
  report on Form 10-Q of Quaker Chemical Corporation;  

2.  

Based on my knowledge, this report
  does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
  material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
  circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
  respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  

Based on my knowledge, the
  financial statements, and other financial information included in this
  report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
  results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
  periods presented in this report;  

4.  

The registrant s other certifying
  officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
  controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
  15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
  Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  

Designed such disclosure controls
  and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
  designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
  to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
  us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
  this report is being prepared;  

(b)  

Designed such internal control
  over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
  reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
  preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
  generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  

Evaluated the effectiveness of the
  registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
  our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
  procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
  evaluation; and  

(d)  

Disclosed in this report any
  change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
  occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
  fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
  affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
  internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  

The registrant s other certifying
  officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
  control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
  committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
  equivalent functions):  

(a)  

All significant deficiencies and
  material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
  financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
  registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
  information; and  

(b)  

Any fraud, whether or not
  material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
  role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
October 26, 2016  

/s/ Mary Dean Hall  

Mary Dean Hall  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 qex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32 

EXHIBIT 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

The undersigned hereby certifies
that the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report of Quaker Chemical Corporation (the
 Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ) fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.  

Dated: October 26, 2016   

/s/ Michael F. Barry  

Michael F. Barry  

Chief Executive Officer of Quaker
  Chemical Corporation  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 qex322.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32 

EXHIBIT 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

The undersigned hereby certifies
that the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report of Quaker Chemical Corporation (the
 Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ) fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.  

Dated: October 26, 2016   

/s/ Mary Dean Hall  

Mary Dean Hall  

Chief Financial Officer of Quaker
  Chemical Corporation  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 kwr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kwr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kwr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kwr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kwr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kwr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

