<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_846901_0001193125-16-763103_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9529799</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125586</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>480463</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1794589</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4377035</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2267604</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>59</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-763103.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108170924
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-763103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LAKELAND BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000846901
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				222953275
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17820
		FILM NUMBER:		161981993

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 OAK RIDGE RD
		CITY:			OAK RIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07438
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9736972000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 OAK RIDGE RD
		CITY:			OAKRIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07438

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-763103.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d250877d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
     WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark one)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016    
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission file number  000-17820         
       LAKELAND
BANCORP, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

New Jersey  
   
  22-2953275   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

250 Oak Ridge Road, Oak Ridge, New Jersey  
   
  07438   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (973) 697-2000   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)       
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, any Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.):    Yes       No        APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:
    Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  
 As of October 28, 2016, there were 44,442,621 outstanding shares of Common Stock, no par value.  

Table of Contents  

    LAKELAND BANCORP, INC.  
 Form 10-Q Index      

PAGE   

Part I. Financial Information    

Item 1.  
    
  Financial Statements:  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December
 31, 2015   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September
 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months
 Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine
 Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

8 

Item 2.  
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

39 

Item 3.  
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

54 

Item 4.  
    
  Controls and Procedures  

55 

Part II. Other Information  

Item 1.  
    
  Legal Proceedings  

57 

Item 1A.  
    
  Risk Factors  

57 

Item 2.  
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

57 

Item 3.  
    
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

57 

Item 4.  
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

57 

Item 5.  
    
  Other Information  

57 

Item 6.  
    
  Exhibits  

57 

Signatures   

58 
     
   The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains a web site which contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information relating to registrants that file electronically at the address: http:// www.sec.gov .  
      2  

Table of Contents  

     Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements          Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. and
Subsidiaries     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED)      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED)      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
 (Unaudited)      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

Note 1.  
  Significant Accounting Policies        Basis of Presentation.   
 This quarterly report presents the consolidated financial statements of Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Lakeland Bank
( Lakeland ) and the Bank s wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ). The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) and predominant practices within the banking industry.    The Company s unaudited interim financial statements
reflect all adjustments, such as normal recurring accruals that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the results of the interim periods. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 do not necessarily indicate the results that the Company will achieve for all of 2016.    Certain information and footnote disclosures
required under U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted, as permitted by rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. These unaudited interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes that are presented in the the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      

Note 2.  
  Acquisitions        Harmony Bank   
 On July 1, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Harmony Bank ( Harmony ), a bank located in Ocean County, NJ. Effective
upon the opening of business on July 1, 2016, Harmony was merged into Lakeland Bank. Harmony operated three branches in Ocean County, New Jersey. This merger allows the Company to expand its presence to Ocean County. The merger agreement
provided that shareholders of Harmony would receive 1.25 shares of the Company common stock for each share of Harmony Bank common stock that they owned at the effective time of the merger. The Company issued an aggregate of 3,201,109 shares of
its common stock in the merger. Outstanding Harmony stock options were paid out in cash at the difference between $14.31 (Lakeland s closing stock price on July 1, 2016 of $11.45 multiplied by 1.25) and the average strike price of $9.07 for a
total cash payment of $869,000. 
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the
assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition were recorded at their estimated fair values based on management s best estimates using information available at the date of the acquisition, including the use of a third party
valuation specialist. The fair values are preliminary estimates and subject to adjustment for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition. The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of the acquired assets and
liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition for Harmony, net of cash consideration paid.     
   Loans acquired in the Harmony acquisition were recorded at fair value, and there was no carryover
related allowance for loan and lease losses. The fair values of loans acquired from Harmony were estimated using cash flow projections based on the remaining maturity and repricing terms. Cash flows were adjusted for estimated future
credit losses and the rate of prepayments. Projected cash flows were then discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted market rate for similar loans.  
 The following is a summary of the loans accounted for in accordance with ASC 310-30 that were acquired in the Harmony acquisition as of the
closing date.      

(in thousands)  
    
 Acquired Credit Impaired Loans 

Contractually required principal and interest at acquisition  
    
 $ 
 1,264 

Contractual cash flows not expected to be collected (non-accretable difference)  

398 

Expected cash flows at acquisition  

866 

Interest component of expected cash flows (accretable difference)  

97 

Fair value of acquired loans  
    
 $ 
 769 

The core deposit intangible totaled $1.0 million and is being estimated over its estimated useful life of
approximately 10 years using an accelerated method. The goodwill will be evaluated annually for impairment. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.  
 The fair values of deposit liabilities with no stated maturities such as checking, money market and savings accounts, were assumed to equal
the carrying amounts since these deposits are payable on demand. The fair values of certificates of deposits and IRAs represent the present value of contractual cash flows discounted at market rates for similar certificates of deposit.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

   Pascack Bancorp   
 On January 7, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Pascack Bancorp, Inc. ( Pascack ), a bank holding company headquartered
in Waldwick, New Jersey. Pascack was the parent of Pascack Community Bank which operated 8 branches in Bergen and Essex Counties in New Jersey. This acquisition enabled the Company to broaden its presence in Bergen and Essex counties. Effective
as of the close of business on January 7, 2016, Pascack merged into the Company, and Pascack Community Bank merged into Lakeland Bank. The merger agreement provided that the shareholders of Pascack would receive, at their election, for each
outstanding share of Pascack common stock that they own at the effective time of the merger, either 0.9576 shares of Lakeland Bancorp common stock or $11.35 in cash, subject to proration as described in the merger agreement, so that 90% of the
aggregate merger consideration was shares of Lakeland Bancorp common stock and 10% was cash. Lakeland Bancorp issued 3,314,284 shares of its common stock in the merger and paid approximately $4.5 million in cash including the cash paid in connection
with the cancellation of Pascack stock options. Outstanding Pascack stock options were paid out in cash at the difference between $11.35 and an average strike price of $7.37 for a total cash payment of $122,000. This transaction resulted in
$15.3 million of goodwill and generated $1.5 million in core deposit intangibles.    The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition
method of accounting. Accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition were recorded at their estimated fair values based on management s best estimates using information available at the date of the acquisition,
including the use of a third party valuation specialist. The fair values are preliminary estimates and subject to adjustment for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition. The following table summarizes the estimated fair
value of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition for Pascack, net of cash consideration paid.     
   Loans acquired in the Pascack acquisition were recorded at fair value, and there was no carryover related
allowance for loan and lease losses. The fair values of loans acquired from Pascack were estimated using cash flow projections based on the remaining maturity and repricing terms. Cash flows were adjusted for estimated future credit losses and the
rate of prepayments. Projected cash flows were then discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted market rate for similar loans.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The following is a summary of the loans accounted for in accordance with ASC 310-30 that were
acquired in the Pascack acquisition as of the closing date.      

(in thousands)  
    
 Acquired Credit Impaired Loans 

Contractually required principal and interest at acquisition  
    
 $ 
 4,932 

Contractual cash flows not expected to be collected (non-accretable difference)  

4,030 

Expected cash flows at acquisition  

902 

Interest component of expected cash flows (accretable difference)  

85 

Fair value of acquired loans  
    
 $ 
 817 

The core deposit intangible totaled $1.5 million and is being estimated over its estimated useful life of
approximately 10 years using an accelerated method. The goodwill will be evaluated annually for impairment. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.  
 The fair values of deposit liabilities with no stated maturities such as checking, money market and savings accounts, were assumed to equal
the carrying amounts since these deposits are payable on demand. The fair values of certificates of deposits and IRAs represent the present value of contractual cash flows discounted at market rates for similar certificates of deposit.  
 Direct costs related to the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions were expensed as incurred. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company incurred $4.1 million and $330,000, respectively, of merger and acquisition integration-related expenses, which have been separately stated in the Company s consolidated statements of income.  
  Supplemental Pro Forma Financial Information   
 The following table provides unaudited condensed pro forma financial information assuming that the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions had been
completed as of January 1, 2016, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and as of January 1, 2015 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The table below has been prepared for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of the actual results that would have been attained had the acquisitions occurred as of the beginning of the periods presented, nor is it indicative of future results. Furthermore, the unaudited pro forma information does not reflect
management s estimate of any revenue-enhancing opportunities nor anticipated cost savings or the impact of conforming certain accounting policies of the acquired companies to the Company s policies that may have occurred as a result of the
integration and consolidation of Pascack s and Harmony s operations. The pro forma information shown reflects adjustments related to certain purchase accounting fair value adjustments; amortization of core deposit and other
intangibles; and related income tax effects. The Company has not provided separate information regarding revenue and earnings of Pascack since the acquisition because of the manner in which Pascack s branches and lending team were immediately
merged into Lakeland s branches and lending team making such information impracticable to provide. Harmony contributed net interest income, net income and earnings per share of $2.9 million, $1.7 million and $0.04, respectively, for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016.     
 
      11  

Table of Contents  

Note 3.  
  Earnings Per Share       The following schedule shows the Company s earnings per share
calculations for the periods presented:      
   There were no antidilutive options to purchase common stock to be excluded from the computation for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016.   Options to purchase 83,054 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of $12.29 per
share were outstanding and were not included in the computations of diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 because the exercise price was greater than the average market price.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Note 4.  
  Investment Securities         

13  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows investment securities by stated maturity. Securities backed by
mortgages have expected maturities that differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to call or prepay, and are, therefore, classified separately with no specific maturity date (in thousands):  
   
   The following table shows proceeds from sales of securities and gross gains on sales of securities for the
periods indicated (in thousands):      
   There were no other-than-temporary impairments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  
 Gains or losses on sales of investment securities are based on the net proceeds and the adjusted carrying amount of the securities sold using
the specific identification method.   Securities with a carrying value of approximately $341.2 million and $347.7 million at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes required by applicable laws and regulations. 
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The following table indicates the length of time individual securities have been in a continuous
unrealized loss position for the periods presented:      
     
   Management has evaluated the securities in the above table and has concluded that none of the securities are
other-than-temporarily impaired. The cause of the fair values being below cost is due to interest rate movements and is deemed temporary. All investment securities are evaluated on a periodic basis to identify any factors that would
require a further analysis. In evaluating the Company s securities, management considers the following items:     

The Company s ability and intent to hold the securities, including an evaluation of the need to sell the security to meet certain liquidity measures, or whether the Company has sufficient levels of cash to hold the
identified security in order to recover the entire amortized cost of the security;    
      15  

Table of Contents  

The financial condition of the underlying issuer;        

The credit ratings of the underlying issuer and if any changes in the credit rating have occurred;        

The length of time the security s fair value has been less than amortized cost; and        

Adverse conditions related to the security or its issuer if the issuer has failed to make scheduled payments or other factors.    
 If the above factors indicate that an additional analysis is required, management will perform and consider the results of a discounted cash
flow analysis.   As of September 30, 2016, the equity securities include investments in equity securities and investment funds that use net
asset value per share to measure fair value. The equity securities represent investments in other financial institutions for market appreciation purposes. Those equities had a purchase price of $2.7 million and a market value of $6.0
million as of September 30, 2016.    The investment funds include $11.1 million that are invested in government guaranteed loans,
mortgage-backed securities, small business loans and other instruments supporting affordable housing and economic development. The Company may redeem these funds at the net asset value calculated at the end of the current business day less any
unpaid management fees. As of September 30, 2016, the amortized cost of these securities was $11.2 million and the fair value was $11.1 million. There are no restrictions on redemptions for the holdings in these investments other than
the notice required by the fund manager. There are no unfunded commitments related to this investment.    The investment funds also
include $3.3 million that are primarily invested in community development loans that are guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (SBA). Because the funds are primarily guaranteed by the federal government there are minimal changes in
market value between accounting periods. These funds can be redeemed with 60 days notice at the net asset value less unpaid management fees with the approval of the fund manager. As of September 30, 2016, the net amortized cost equaled the
market value of the investment. There are no unfunded commitments related to this investment.      

Note 5.  
  Loans, Leases and Other Real Estate       The following sets forth the composition of the
Company s loan and lease portfolio:      
   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, home equity and consumer loans included overdraft deposit
balances of $325,000 and $705,000, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $950.1 million and $738.7 million in loans pledged for actual and potential borrowings at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New
York ( FHLB ).  
      16  

Table of Contents  

   Purchased Credit Impaired Loans   
 The carrying value of loans acquired in the Pascack acquisition and accounted for in accordance with ASC Subtopic 310-30,  Loans and Debt
Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality,  was $0.7 million at September 30, 2016, which was $141,000 less than the balance at the time of acquisition on January 7, 2016. The carrying value of loans acquired in the Harmony
acquisition was $0.8 million at September 30, 2016 which was substantially the same as the balance at acquisition date on July 1, 2016. Under ASC Subtopic 310-30, these loans, referred to as purchased credit impaired ( PCI ) loans,
may be aggregated and accounted for as pools of loans if the loans being aggregated have common risk characteristics. The Company elected to account for the loans with evidence of credit deterioration individually rather than aggregate them into
pools. The difference between the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition and the investment in the acquired loans, or the  accretable yield,  is recognized as interest income utilizing the level-yield method over the life of
each loan. Contractually required payments for interest and principal that exceed the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition, or the  non-accretable difference,  are not recognized as a yield adjustment, as a loss accrual or as a
valuation allowance.    Increases in expected cash flows subsequent to the acquisition are recognized prospectively through an adjustment of
the yield on the loans over the remaining life, while decreases in expected cash flows are recognized as impairments through a loss provision and an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses. Valuation allowances (recognized in the
allowance for loan and lease losses) on these impaired loans reflect only losses incurred after the acquisition (representing all cash flows that were expected at acquisition but currently are not expected to be received).  
 The following table presents changes in the accretable yield for PCI loans:  
   
   There were no PCI loans in 2015.  
  Non-Performing Assets and Past Due Loans   
 The following schedule sets forth certain information regarding the Company s non-performing assets and its accruing troubled debt
restructurings, excluding PCI loans:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

  Non-accrual loans included $2.5 million of troubled debt restructurings for each of the periods
ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $6.5 million and $7.9 million, respectively, in residential mortgages and consumer home equity loans that were in the
process of foreclosure.    An age analysis of past due loans, segregated by class of loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
is as follows:     
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

   Impaired Loans   
 The Company defines impaired loans as all non-accrual loans and leases with recorded investments of $500,000 or greater. Impaired loans also
includes all loans modified in troubled debt restructurings. Impaired loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:      
 
      19  

Table of Contents  

Interest income recognized on impaired loans was $0.5 million and $0.6 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest that would have been accrued on impaired loans during the each of the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 had the loans been performing under original terms would have been $1.1 million.  
  Credit Quality Indicators     The class of
loans is determined by internal risk rating. Management closely and continually monitors the quality of its loans and leases and assesses the quantitative and qualitative risks arising from the credit quality of its loans and leases. Lakeland
assigns a credit risk rating to all commercial loans and loan commitments. The credit risk rating system has been developed by management to provide a methodology to be used by loan officers, department heads and senior management in
identifying various levels of credit risk that exist within Lakeland s commercial loan portfolios. The risk rating system assists senior management in evaluating Lakeland s commercial loan portfolio, analyzing trends, and determining
the proper level of required reserves to be recommended to the Board. In assigning risk ratings, management considers, among other things, a borrower s debt service coverage, earnings strength, loan to value ratios, industry conditions and
economic conditions. Management categorizes commercial loans and commitments into a one (1) to nine (9) numerical structure with rating 1 being the strongest rating and rating 9 being the weakest. Ratings 1 through 5W are considered
 Pass  ratings.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the Company s commercial loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, by the risk ratings discussed above (in thousands):      
   The risk rating tables above do not include residential mortgage loans, consumer loans, or leases because they
are evaluated on their payment status.     Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   
 In 2015, the Company refined and enhanced its assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses by extending the lookback
period on its commercial loan portfolios from three years to five years and by extending the lookback period for all other portfolios from two to three years in order to capture more of the economic cycle. It also enhanced its qualitative
factor framework to include a factor that captures the risk related to appraised real estate values, and how those values could change in relation to a change in capitalization rates. This enhancement is meant to increase the level of precision
in the allowance for loan and lease losses. As a result, the Company no longer has an  unallocated  segment in its allowance for loan losses, as the risks and uncertainties meant to be captured by the unallocated allowance have been
included in the qualitative framework for the respective portfolios. 
      21  

Table of Contents  

  The following table details activity in the allowance for loan and lease losses by portfolio
segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

  Loans receivable summarized by portfolio segment and impairment method are as follows:  

(1) 
 Excludes deferred fees    
      23  

Table of Contents  

  The allowance for loan and lease losses is summarized by portfolio segment and impairment
classification as follows:      
   Lakeland also maintains a reserve for unfunded lending commitments which is included in other
liabilities. This reserve was $2.5 million and $2.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company analyzes the adequacy of the reserve for unfunded lending commitments in conjunction with its analysis of
the adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses.     Troubled Debt Restructurings   
 Troubled debt restructurings are those loans where concessions have been made due to borrowers  financial difficulties. Restructured loans
typically involve a modification of terms such as a reduction of the stated interest rate, a moratorium of principal payments and/or an extension of the maturity date at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate of a new loan with
similar risk. The Company considers the potential losses on these loans as well as the remainder of its impaired loans while considering the adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes loans that have been restructured during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   The following table summarizes as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, loans that were restructured within the
previous twelve months that have subsequently defaulted:      
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

   Other Real Estate and Other Repossessed Assets   
 At September 30, 2016, the Company had other real estate owned of $1.9 million and other repossessed assets of $12,000. At December 31, 2015,
the Company had other real estate owned and other repossessed assets of $934,000 and $49,000, respectively. The other real estate owned that the Company held at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 included $1.9 million and $805,000,
respectively, in residential property acquired as a result of foreclosure proceedings or through a deed in lieu of foreclosure.      

Note 6.  
  Derivatives       Lakeland is a party to interest rate derivatives that are not designated as
hedging instruments. Under a program, Lakeland executes interest rate swaps with commercial lending customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. These interest rate swaps with customers are simultaneously offset by interest
rate swaps that Lakeland executes with a third party, such that Lakeland minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. Because the interest rate swaps associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting
requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer swaps and the offsetting swaps are recognized directly in earnings. The changes in the fair value of the swaps offset each other, except for the credit risk of the counterparties, which is
determined by taking into consideration the risk rating, probability of default and loss given default for all counterparties. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Lakeland had $7.6 million and $2.5 million, respectively, in available for
sale securities pledged for collateral on its interest rate swaps with the financial institution.   In June 2016, the Company entered into
two cash flow hedges in order to hedge the variable cash outflows associated with its subordinated debentures. The notional value of these hedges was $30.0 million. The Company s objectives in using the cash flow hedge is to add stability to
interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. The Company used interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges which involved the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making
fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. In these particular hedges the Company is paying a third party an average of 1.10% in exchange for a payment at 3 month LIBOR. The effective
portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and are subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted
transaction affects earnings. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not record any hedge ineffectiveness. 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest
payments are made on the Company s debt. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that $73,000 will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense should the rate environment remain the same. 
      26  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents summary information regarding these derivatives for the periods
presented (dollars in thousands):      

Note 7.  
  Goodwill and Intangible Assets       The Company has recorded goodwill of $136.4 million and
$110.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which includes $11.1 million from the Harmony merger in 2016, $15.3 million from the Pascack merger in 2016 and $110.0 million from prior acquisitions. The Company reviews its
goodwill and intangible assets annually, on November 30, or more frequently if conditions warrant, for impairment. In testing goodwill for impairment, the Company compares the estimated fair value of its reporting unit to its carrying amount,
including goodwill. The Company has determined that it has one reporting unit, Community Banking.    The Company recorded $1.0 million, $1.5
million and $2.7 million in core deposit intangible for the Harmony, Pascack and Somerset Hills acquisitions, respectively. Year-to-date, it has amortized $532,000 in core deposit intangible including $46,000, $206,000 and $280,000 for Harmony,
Pascack and Somerset Hills, respectively. The estimated future amortization expense for the remainder of 2016 and for each of the succeeding five years ended December 31 is as follows (dollars in thousands):  

Note 8.  
  Borrowings        Repurchase Agreements   
 At September 30, 2016, the Company had federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase of $0 million and $29.7
million respectively. The securities sold under agreements to repurchase are overnight sweep arrangement accounts with our customers. The Company also had $40.0 million in long-term securities sold under agreements to repurchase included
in other borrowings which have maturities ranging from one to seven years. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $89.7 million in mortgage backed securities pledged for its securities sold under agreements to repurchase.  
 At times the market values of securities collateralizing our securities sold under agreements to repurchase may decline due to changes in
interest rates and may necessitate our lenders to issue a  margin call  which requires Lakeland to pledge additional collateral to meet that margin call. 
      27  

Table of Contents  

   Subordinated Debenture Offering   
 On September 30, 2016, the Company completed an offering of $75.0 million fixed to floating rate subordinated notes due September 30,
2026. The notes will bear interest at a rate of 5.125% per annum until September 30, 2021 and will then reset quarterly to the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus 397 basis points until maturity in September, 2026. The debt is included in
Tier 2 capital for Lakeland Bancorp. On September 30, 2016, the Company contributed $69.9 million to Lakeland Bank s Tier 1 capital, increasing the Bank s capital ratios.  
          Early Redemption and Extinguishment of Debt   
 On August 3, 2015, the Company redeemed and extinguished $10.0 million of Lakeland Bancorp Capital Trust IV debentures and recorded a $1.8
million gain on the redemption and extinguishment of debt.      

Note 9.  
  Share-Based Compensation       The Company grants restricted stock, restricted stock units
(RSUs) and stock options under the 2009 Equity Compensation Program. Share-based compensation expense of $1.5 million and $1.3 million was recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016,
there was unrecognized compensation cost of $157,000 related to unvested restricted stock that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 0.47 years. Unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs was
approximately $1.6 million as of September 30, 2016, and that cost is expected to be recognized over a period of 1.4 years. Unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options was approximately $23,000 as of September 30, 2016 and is
expected to be recognized over a period of 0.75 years.    In the first nine months of 2016, the Company granted 23,952 shares of restricted
stock to non-employee directors at a grant date fair value of $10.02 per share under the 2009 Equity Compensation Program. The restricted stock vests one year from the date it was granted. Compensation expense on this restricted stock is
expected to be $240,000 over a one year period.    The following is a summary of the Company s restricted stock activity during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
   In the first nine months of 2016, the Company granted 168,726 RSUs to certain officers at a weighted average
grant date fair value of $10.22 per share under the Company s 2009 Equity Compensation Program. These units vest within a range of two to three years. A portion of these RSUs will vest subject to certain performance conditions in the
restricted stock unit agreement. There are also certain provisions in the compensation program which state that if a recipient of the RSUs reaches a certain age and years of service, the person has effectively earned a portion of the RSUs at
that time. Compensation expense on the restricted stock units issued in the first nine months of 2016 is expected to average approximately $575,000 per year over a three year period. In the first nine months of 2015, the Company granted
131,509 RSUs at a weighted average grant date fair value of $11.08 per share under the Company s 2009 Equity Compensation Program. Compensation expense on these restricted stock units is expected to average approximately $485,000 per year
over a three year period.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  The following is a summary of the Company s RSU activity during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016:      
   There were no grants of stock options in the first nine months of 2016 or 2015. Option activity under the
Company s stock option plans is as follows:      
   The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference
between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options).  
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $68,000. Exercise of stock
options during the first nine months of 2015 resulted in cash receipts of $124,000. 
      29  

Table of Contents  

Note 10.  
  Comprehensive Income       The components of other comprehensive income (loss) are as
follows:      
 
      30  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the changes in the balances of each of the components of other
comprehensive income for the periods presented, net of tax (in thousands):      

Note 11.  
  Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurement        Fair Value Measurement
    Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most
advantageous market for an asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
value into three broad levels giving the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurements) and the lowest level priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements). The
following describes the three levels of fair value hierarchy:    Level 1   unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities; includes U.S. Treasury Notes, and other U.S. Government Agency securities that actively trade in over-the-counter markets; equity securities and mutual funds that actively trade in over-the-counter markets.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  Level 2   quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; or quoted
prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability including yield curves, volatilities, and prepayment speeds. 
 Level 3   unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that reflect the Company s own assumptions about assumptions that market
participants would use in the pricing of the asset or liability and that are consequently not based on market activity but upon particular valuation techniques.  
 The Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis are it s available for sale investment
securities. The Company obtains fair values on its securities using information from a third party servicer. If quoted prices for securities are available in an active market, those securities are classified as Level 1 securities. The
Company has U.S. Treasury Notes and certain equity securities that are classified as Level 1 securities. Level 2 securities were primarily comprised of U.S. Agency bonds, residential mortgage-backed securities, obligations of state and
political subdivisions and corporate securities. Fair values were estimated primarily by obtaining quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or through the use of pricing models supported with market data information. Standard inputs
include benchmark yields, reported trades, issuer spreads, bids and offers. On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews the pricing information received from the Company s third party pricing service. This review includes a comparison
to non-binding third-party quotes.    The fair values of derivatives are based on valuation models from a third party using current market
terms (including interest rates and fees), the remaining terms of the agreements and the credit worthiness of the counter party as of the measurement date (Level 2). 
      32  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth the Company s financial assets that were accounted for at
fair value on a recurring basis as of the periods presented by level within the fair value hierarchy. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not make any transfers between any levels within the fair value
hierarchy. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement:      
 
      33  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth the Company s assets subject to fair value adjustments
(impairment) on a nonrecurring basis. Assets are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement:      
   Impaired loans are evaluated and valued at the time the loan is identified as impaired at the lower of cost or
market value of the underlying collateral. Because most of Lakeland s impaired loans are collateral dependent, fair value is generally measured based on the value of the collateral, less estimated costs to sell, securing these loans and leases
and is classified at a level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Collateral may be real estate, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and/or other business assets. The value of real estate is assessed based on appraisals by qualified third party
licensed appraisers. The appraisers may use the sales comparison approach, the cost approach or the income approach to value the collateral using discount rates (with ranges of 5-11%) or capitalization rates (with ranges of 4-9%) to evaluate the
property. The value of the equipment may be determined by an appraiser, if significant, inquiry through a recognized valuation resource, or by the value on the borrower s financial statements. Field examiner reviews on business assets may be
conducted based on the loan exposure and reliance on this type of collateral. Appraised and reported values may be adjusted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of valuation, and/or
management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business. Loans that are not collateral dependent are evaluated based on a discounted cash flow method. Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis
for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors identified above.   The Company has a held for sale loan
portfolio that consists of residential mortgages that are being sold in the secondary market. The Company records these mortgages at the lower of cost or market value. Fair value is generally determined by the value of purchase commitments.
   Other real estate owned (OREO) and other repossessed assets, representing property acquired through foreclosure, are recorded at fair
value less estimated disposal costs of the acquired property on the date of acquisition and thereafter remeasured and carried at lower of cost or fair market value. Fair value on other real estate owned is based on the appraised value of the
collateral using the sales comparison approach or the income approach with discount rates or capitalization rates similar to those used in impaired loan valuation. The fair value of other repossessed assets is estimated by inquiry through recognized
valuation resources.   Changes in the assumptions or methodologies used to estimate fair values may materially affect the estimated amounts.
Changes in economic conditions, locally or nationally, could impact the value of the estimated amounts of impaired loans, OREO and other repossessed assets. 
      34  

Table of Contents  

   Fair Value of Certain Financial Instruments   
 Estimated fair values have been determined by the Company using the best available data and an estimation methodology suitable for each
category of financial instruments. There may not be reasonable comparability between institutions due to the wide range of permitted assumptions and methodologies in the absence of active markets. This lack of uniformity gives rise to a high degree
of subjectivity in estimating financial instrument fair values.    The estimation methodologies used, the estimated fair values, and
recorded book balances at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are outlined below.   This summary, as well as the table below,
excludes financial assets and liabilities for which carrying value approximates fair value. For financial assets, these include cash and cash equivalents. For financial liabilities, these include noninterest-bearing demand deposits, savings and
interest-bearing transaction accounts and federal funds sold and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. The estimated fair value of demand, savings and interest-bearing transaction accounts is the amount payable on demand at the reporting
date. Carrying value is used because there is no stated maturity on these accounts, and the customer has the ability to withdraw the funds immediately. Also excluded from this summary and the following table are those financial instruments recorded
at fair value on a recurring basis, as previously described.    The fair value of Investment Securities Held to Maturity was measured using
information from the same third-party servicer used for Investment Securities Available for Sale using the same methodologies discussed above. Investment Securities Held to Maturity includes $33.7 million in short-term municipal bond anticipation
notes and $1.0 million in subordinated debt that are non-rated and do not have an active secondary market or information readily available on standard financial systems. As a result, the securities are classified as Level 3 securities. Management
performs a credit analysis before investing in these securities.    FHLB stock is an equity interest that can be sold to the issuing FHLB,
to other Federal Home Loan Banks, or to other member banks at its par value. Because ownership of these securities is restricted, they do not have a readily determinable fair value. As such, the Company s FHLB Stock is recorded at cost or par
value and is evaluated for impairment each reporting period by considering the ultimate recoverability of the investment rather than temporary declines in value. The Company s evaluation primarily includes an evaluation of liquidity,
capitalization, operating performance, commitments, and regulatory or legislative events.    The net loan portfolio at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 has been valued using a present value discounted cash flow where market prices are not available. The discount rate used in these calculations is the estimated current market rate adjusted for credit risk. The valuation of the
Company s loan portfolio is consistent with accounting guidance but does not fully incorporate the exit price approach.    For fixed
maturity certificates of deposit, fair value is estimated based on the present value of discounted cash flows using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. The carrying amount of accrued interest payable
approximates its fair value.    The fair value of long-term debt is based upon the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The
Company estimates the discount rate using the rates currently offered for similar borrowing arrangements. The fair value of subordinated debentures is based on bid/ask prices from brokers for similar types of instruments. 
 The fair values of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into
similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties. For fixed-rate loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference between current levels of interest rates
and the committed rates. The fair value of guarantees and letters of credit is based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate them or otherwise settle the obligations with the counterparties at the
reporting date. The fair value of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are deemed immaterial.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the carrying values, fair values and placement in the fair value
hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:     
 
      36  

Table of Contents  

Note 12.  
  Statement of Cash Flow Information, Supplemental Information         

Note 13.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements       In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued an accounting standards update to address diversity in presentation in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. This update will be effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements.  
 In June 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update pertaining to the measurement of credit losses on financial
instruments. This update requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable financials. Financial
institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. This update is intended to improve financial reporting by requiring timelier recording of credit losses on loans and
other financial instruments held by financial institutions and other organizations. This update will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently
assessing the impact that the guidance will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued
an accounting standards update to simplify employee share-based payment accounting. The areas for simplification in this update involve several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment  
      37  

Table of Contents  

transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This update will be effective for
financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently assessing the impact that the guidance will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In March, 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that requires that embedded derivatives be separated from the host
contract and accounted for separately as derivatives if certain criteria are met, including the  clearly and closely related  criterion. The amendments in this update clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call or
put options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. This update will be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after
December 15, 2016. This guidance will be applied on a modified retrospective basis as of the beginning of the fiscal year that the amendment is effective. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company s financial statements.    In February 2016, FASB issued accounting guidance that requires all lessees to recognize a lease
liability and a right-of-use asset, measured at the present value of the future minimum lease payments, at the lease commencement date. Lessor accounting remains largely unchanged under the new guidance. The guidance is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period, with early adoption permitted. A modified retrospective approach must be applied for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the
earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently assessing the impact that the guidance will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments.
Specifically, the accounting standards update requires all equity instruments, with the exception of those that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting, to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through
net income. Additionally, public business entities are required to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes. The amendments in this update also require an entity to present separately
in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the
fair value option for financial instruments. This amendment is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company s financial statements.    In September 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update simplifying the accounting
for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination, eliminating the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. To simplify the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts, the amendments in
the accounting standards update require that the acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amount is determined. The acquirer is required
to also record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting
had been completed at the acquisition date. In addition, an entity is required to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes to the financial statements the portion of the amount recorded in current-period
earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. This amendment is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this update did not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 In May 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update clarifying how investments valued using the net asset value practical expedient
within the fair value hierarchy should be classified. The accounting standards update was issued to address diversity in practice by exempting investments measured using the net asset value expedient from categorization in the fair value hierarchy.
This accounting standards update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this update did not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements.
   In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability
be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability consistent with the presentation of debt discounts. The purpose of this update is to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs and to align
the U.S. GAAP presentation of debt more closely with international accounting standards. In August 2015, the FASB issued a subsequent update which discussed presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with
line-of-credit arrangements. These amendments are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of these updates did not have a material impact on the Company s
financial statements.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  In January 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update regarding the elimination of the
concept of the extraordinary items from the statement of operations. The purpose of this update is to simplify the statement of operations presentation and to align the U.S. GAAP income statement more closely with international accounting
standards. This update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this update did not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements.
   In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standards update that clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue. The core
principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for these
goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv)
allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In 2016, the FASB issued further implementation guidance regarding revenue
recognition. This additional guidance included clarification on certain principal versus agent considerations within the implementation of the guidance as well as clarification related to identifying performance obligations and
licensing. The guidance along with its updates is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is still evaluating the potential impact on the Company s
financial statements.      

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
 This section should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.     Statements Regarding Forward Looking
Information     The information disclosed in this document includes various forward-looking statements that are made in reliance upon the
safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to credit quality (including delinquency trends and the allowance for loan and lease losses), corporate objectives, and other financial and business
matters. The words  anticipates,   projects,   intends,   estimates,   expects,   believes,   plans,   may,   will,   should, 
 could,  and other similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are necessarily speculative and speak only as of the date made, and are
subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, all of which may change over time. Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements. 
 In addition to the risk factors disclosed elsewhere in this document, the following factors, among others, could cause the Company s
actual results to differ materially and adversely from such forward-looking statements: changes in the financial services industry and the U.S. and global capital markets, changes in economic conditions nationally, regionally and in the
Company s markets, the nature and timing of actions of the Federal Reserve Board and other regulators, the nature and timing of legislation affecting the financial services industry including but not limited to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, government intervention in the U.S. financial system, changes in levels of market interest rates, pricing pressures on loan and deposit products, credit risks of Lakeland s lending and leasing activities,
customers  acceptance of Lakeland s products and services, competition, and the failure to realize anticipated efficiencies and synergies following the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions.  
 The above-listed risk factors are not necessarily exhaustive, particularly as to possible future events, and new risk factors may emerge from
time to time. Certain events may occur that could cause the Company s actual results to be materially different than those described in the Company s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any statements
made by the Company that are not historical facts should be considered to be forward-looking statements. The Company is not obligated to update and does not undertake to update any of its forward-looking statements made herein.  
  Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates   
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company and its subsidiaries conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America and predominant practices within the banking industry. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, Lakeland, Lakeland NJ Investment Corp., Lakeland Investment Corp., Lakeland Equity, Inc., Lakeland
Preferred Equity, Inc., and Sullivan Financial Services, Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
      39  

Table of Contents  

  The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. These estimates and assumptions also affect reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. There have been no material changes in the Company s critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates, including assumptions or estimation techniques utilized, as
compared to those disclosed in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.     Management Overview   
 The quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 represented a period of continued growth for the Company. As discussed in this
Management s Discussion and Analysis:      

The Company reported strong loan growth in the third quarter of 2016. Excluding the acquisition of Harmony Bank ( Harmony ), total loans and leases increased by $80.5 million, or 2%, to $3.79 billion during
the quarter. This overall increase was primarily due to the addition of $65.8 million in commercial real estate loans and $23.3 million in commercial, industrial and other loans. For the first nine months of 2016, total loans and leases increased by
$826.6 million, or 28%. Excluding the acquisitions of Pascack and Harmony, this increase was $247.3 million, or 8%.        

The Company also reported robust deposit growth in the third quarter of 2016. Excluding the acquisition of Harmony, total deposits increased $126.4 million, or 4%, to $3.94 billion during the quarter. Most notably,
noninterest-bearing deposits increased $58.3 million, or 7%, during the quarter, excluding the impact of Harmony. Total deposits have increased $946.2 million, or 32%, since December 31, 2015. This increase was $363.6 million, or 12%, after
excluding the acquisitions of Pascack and Harmony.        

The efficiency ratio was 53.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 60.8% for the same period in 2015. The decrease in this ratio, in part, reflects the realization of cost savings from the
Pascack acquisition and the closure of six branches in 2016.        

On September 30, 2016, the Company closed the offering of $75 million of its Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due September 30, 2026 (the  Notes ). The Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.125% per
annum until September 2021 and the interest rate will then reset quarterly to the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus 397 basis points until maturity in September 2026.    
      40  

Table of Contents  

   Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  Net Income    Net income was $11.3 million
in the third quarter of 2016 compared to net income of $7.8 million for the third quarter of 2015. Diluted earnings per share was $0.25 for the third quarter of 2016, compared to diluted earnings per share of $0.20 for the same period last year.
Excluding the impact of merger related expenses, net income would have been $12.4 million, or $0.28 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2016. Net interest income of $38.5 million for the third quarter of 2016 increased $9.2 million from the
third quarter of 2015 due primarily to a $10.8 million increase in interest income, partially offset by an increase of $1.7 million in interest expense. The increase in interest income reflects an increase in interest earning assets resulting
primarily from the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions as well as organic growth.     Net Interest Income   
 Net interest income is the difference between interest income on earning assets and the cost of funds supporting those assets. The
Company s net interest income is determined by: (i) the volume of interest-earning assets that it holds and the yields that it earns on those assets, and (ii) the volume of interest-bearing liabilities that it has assumed and the rates that it
pays on those liabilities.   Net interest income on a tax equivalent basis for the third quarter of 2016 was $38.8 million, compared to
$29.5 million for the third quarter of 2015. The net interest margin increased from 3.42% in the third quarter of 2015 to 3.45% in the third quarter of 2016 primarily as a result of a 10 basis point increase in the yield on earning assets, partially
offset by a 9 basis point increase in the cost of interest bearing liabilities. The increase in the yield on earning assets included 5 basis points in additional yield resulting from the amortization of purchase accounting adjustments relating to
the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions. The increase in the net interest margin was also augmented by an increase in interest income earned on free funds (interest earning assets funded by noninterest bearing liabilities) resulting from an increase in
average noninterest bearing deposits of $185.8 million. The components of net interest income will be discussed in greater detail below.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  The following table reflects the components of the Company s net interest income, setting
forth for the periods presented, (1) average assets, liabilities and stockholders  equity, (2) interest income earned on interest-earning assets and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, (3) average yields earned on
interest-earning assets and average rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, (4) the Company s net interest spread (i.e., the average yield on interest-earning assets less the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities) and (5) the
Company s net interest margin. Rates are computed on a tax equivalent basis using a tax rate of 35%.     

(A) 
 Includes non-accrual loans, the effect of which is to reduce the yield earned on loans, and deferred loan fees.    

(B) 
 Includes interest-bearing cash accounts.    

(C) 
 Net interest income divided by interest-earning assets.      Interest income on a tax equivalent
basis increased from $32.4 million in the third quarter of 2015 to $43.3 million in the third quarter of 2016, an increase of $10.9 million, or 34%. The increase in interest income was primarily a result of the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions
as well as organic growth in loans, as average loans and leases increased $931.9 million compared to the third quarter of 2015. The yield on average loans and leases at 4.23% in the third quarter of 2016 was 12 basis points higher than the third
quarter of 2015, due primarily to the addition of higher yielding loans resulting from the acquisitions of Harmony and Pascack as well as a $430,000 increase in loan and lease prepayment fees. The yield on average taxable investment securities
remained the same, while the yield on tax-exempt investment securities decreased by 40 basis points, compared to the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in yield on tax-exempt investment securities was primarily due to securities maturing at
higher rates and new purchases of securities at lower rates.   Total interest expense of $4.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 was $1.6
million greater than the $2.8 million reported for the same period in 2015. The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities increased from 0.44% in the third  
      42  

Table of Contents  

quarter of 2015 to 0.53% in the third quarter of 2016. The increase in the yield on interest-bearing deposits was due primarily to higher costing deposits acquired in the Pascack and Harmony
acquisitions as well as an increasingly competitive market for deposits. The yield on interest-bearing transaction accounts and time deposits increased by 9 basis points and 18 basis points, respectively. Time deposits, which pay a higher
interest rate than interest-bearing transaction accounts, increased from 12% of interest-bearing liabilities in the third quarter of 2015 to 16% in the third quarter of 2016, impacting the increase in the Company s cost of interest-bearing
liabilities. Also impacting the cost of interest-bearing liabilities was an increase in the cost of borrowings which increased 19 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2015. As loan growth exceeded growth in core deposits from the
third quarter of 2015 to the same period in 2016, the Company utilized higher cost time deposits and term borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York to fund loan growth. 
  Provision for Loan and Lease Losses     In
determining the provision for loan and lease losses, management considers national and local economic conditions; trends in the portfolio including orientation to specific loan types or industries; experience, ability and depth of lending management
in relation to the complexity of the portfolio; adequacy and adherence to policies, procedures and practices; levels and trends in delinquencies, impaired loans and net charge-offs; and the results of independent third party loan review. 
 In the third quarter of 2016, a $1.8 million provision for loan and lease losses was recorded, which was $1.4 million higher than the
provision for the same period last year. The higher provision resulted primarily from increased charge offs. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company charged off loans and leases of $1.3 million and recovered $212,000 in previously charged
off loans and leases compared to $584,000 and $1.1 million, respectively, during the same period in 2015. For more information regarding the determination of the provision, see  Risk Elements  below.  
  Noninterest Income     Noninterest income at
$6.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 decreased by $270,000 compared to $6.7 million in the third quarter of 2015. Included in noninterest income in the third quarter of 2016 in income on bank owned life insurance was an $863,000 death
benefit payout. Noninterest income in the third quarter of 2015 included a $1.8 million gain on debt extinguishment and $173,000 in gains on sales of investment securities. After excluding these items in 2016 and 2015, noninterest income
increased $870,000 from the third quarter 2015 to the third quarter of 2016. Commissions and fees at $1.2 million in the third quarter of 2016 increased $198,000 compared to the same period last year, due primarily to an increase in commercial
loan fees. Gains on sales of loans totaled $753,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $515,000 during the same period last year. Other income at $564,000 in the third quarter of 2016 was $448,000 higher than the same period in 2015
due primarily to a $250,000 increase in swap fee income and a $100,000 increase in gains on sales of other real estate owned.    Noninterest Expense
    Noninterest expense in the third quarter of 2016 totaled $26.0 million, which was $2.2 million greater than the $23.8 million reported
for the third quarter of 2015. Included in noninterest expense during the third quarter of 2016 was $1.7 million in merger related expenses compared to $330,000 in 2015. Noninterest expense in the third quarter of 2015 included a $2.4 million
long-term debt prepayment fee. Excluding merger related expenses and the debt prepayment fee, total noninterest expense increased $3.2 million compared to the third quarter of 2015. Salaries and employee benefits expense of $14.6 million,
increased $2.3 million from the same period last year, primarily due to the addition of Pascack employees during the first quarter of 2016, the addition of Harmony employees during the third quarter of 2016, and year-over-year increases in
employee salary and benefit costs. Net occupancy expense, telecommunications expense and data processing expense increased $305,000, $108,000 and $159,000, respectively, compared to the third quarter of 2015, due primarily to the addition of
the Pascack and Harmony branches. FDIC insurance expense of $715,000 in the third quarter of 2016 increased $241,000 compared to the same period last year, due to the addition of the Pascack and Harmony deposits. The Company s
efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure, was 53.4% in the third quarter of 2016, compared to 60.8% for the same period last year. The decrease in this ratio reflects the realization of cost savings from the Pascack acquisition, and the
closure of six branches in 2016. The Company uses this ratio because it believes that the ratio provides a good comparison of period-to-period performance and because the ratio is widely accepted in the banking industry. The following table
shows the calculation of the efficiency ratio for the periods presented:  
      43  

Table of Contents  

Income Tax Expense   
 The effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2016 of 34.0% equaled the effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2015.  
  Comparison of Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  Net Income    Net income was $29.6 million
in the first nine months of 2016 compared to net income of $24.0 million for the first nine months of 2015. Diluted earnings per share was $0.69 for the first nine months of 2016, compared to diluted earnings per share of $0.63 for the same
period last year. Excluding the impact of merger related expenses, net income for the first nine months of 2016 was $32.3 million, or $0.76 per diluted share. Net interest income at $107.5 million for the first nine months of 2016
increased $20.9 million compared to the first nine months of 2015 due to a $25.2 million increase in interest income partially offset by a $4.2 million increase in interest expense. The increase in interest income reflects an increase in
interest-earning assets resulting primarily from the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions as well as organic growth.     Net Interest Income   
 Net interest income on a tax equivalent basis for the first nine months of 2016 was $108.2 million, compared to $87.2 million for the first
nine months of 2015, resulting primarily from growth in average earning assets of $816.4 million. The net interest margin decreased from 3.48% in the first nine months of 2015 to 3.47% in the first nine months of 2016 primarily as a result of a
9 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in the cost of interest-bearing deposits is primarily attributable to an increasingly competitive market for deposits as well as higher costing core deposits acquired
in the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions. The increase in the cost of funds was mitigated by an increase in the yield on interest-earning assets of 7 basis points and an increase in interest income earned on free funds (interest-earning assets funded
by noninterest-bearing liabilities) resulting from an increase in average noninterest-bearing deposits of $132.8 million. The components of net interest income will be discussed in greater detail below.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

  The following table reflects the components of the Company s net interest income, setting
forth for the periods presented, (1) average assets, liabilities and stockholders  equity, (2) interest income earned on interest-earning assets and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, (3) average yields earned on
interest-earning assets and average rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, (4) the Company s net interest spread (i.e., the average yield on interest-earning assets less the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities) and (5) the
Company s net interest margin. Rates are computed on a tax equivalent basis using a tax rate of 35%.     

(A) 
 Includes non-accrual loans, the effect of which is to reduce the yield earned on loans, and deferred loan fees.    

(B) 
 Includes interest-bearing cash accounts.    

(C) 
 Net interest income divided by interest-earning assets.      Interest income on a tax equivalent
basis increased from $95.1 million in the first nine months of 2015 to $120.3 million in the first nine months of 2016, an increase of $25.2 million, or 27%. The increase in interest income was primarily a result of the Pascack and Harmony
acquisitions as well as organic growth in loans, as the average balance of loans and leases increased $749.5 million compared to the first nine months of 2015. The yield on average loans and leases of 4.21% in the first nine months of 2016 was 4
basis points greater than the first nine months of 2015. The yield on average taxable investment securities increased 16 basis points, while the yield on tax-exempt investment securities decreased by 38 basis points, compared to the first nine
months of 2015. Interest on taxable investment securities in 2016 included $358,000 in income on called U.S. Government Agency securities. The decrease in yield on tax-exempt investment securities was due to the same reasons discussed in
the quarterly comparison.   Total interest expense increased from $7.9 million in the first nine months of 2015 to $12.1 million in the
first nine months of 2016, an increase of $4.2 million, or 53%. The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities increased from 0.42% in  
      45  

Table of Contents  

the first nine months of 2015 to 0.51% in 2016. The yield on interest-bearing transaction accounts and time deposits increased by 9 basis points and 18 basis points, respectively. The increase in
the yield on interest-bearing deposits was due primarily to higher costing deposits acquired in the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions as well as an increasingly competitive market for deposits. As growth in loans exceeded growth in core deposits from
the first nine months of 2015 to the first nine months of 2016, the Company utilized higher cost time deposits and term borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York to fund loan growth. 
  Provision for Loan and Lease Losses     In
the first nine months of 2016, a $3.8 million provision for loan and lease losses was recorded, which was $1.9 million greater than the provision for the same period last year. During the first nine months of 2016, the Company charged off loans and
leases of $3.9 million and recovered $508,000 in previously charged off loans and leases compared to $3.3 million and $1.7 million, respectively, during the same period in 2015. The increased provision primarily resulted from higher net
charge-offs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as well as an increasing trend in non-performing loans from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. For more information regarding the determination of the provision, see  Risk
Elements  below.     Noninterest Income   
 Noninterest income of $16.2 million in the first nine months of 2016 decreased by $214,000 compared to the first nine months of 2015. Excluding
a $1.8 million gain on debt extinguishment received in 2015, noninterest income increased $1.6 million from the first nine months of 2015 to the same period during 2016. Gain on sales of loans of $1.6 million and gain on investment securities of
$370,000 in the first nine months of 2016 increased $354,000 and $180,000, respectively, compared to the same period last year. Income on bank owned life insurance at $2.1 million increased $583,000 compared to the first nine months of 2015. In the
first nine months of 2016, an $863,000 death benefit was received on a bank owned life insurance policy, compared to a $332,000 death benefit received in the first nine months of 2015. Other income totaling $1.2 million in the first nine months of
2016 was $550,000 higher than the same period in 2015 as swap income and gain on sales of other real estate owned increased $423,000 and $110,000, respectively, compared to the first nine months of 2015. 
  Noninterest Expense     Noninterest expense
totaling $75.1 million increased $10.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015. Included in noninterest expense during the first nine months of 2016 was $4.1 million in merger related expenses compared to $330,000
in 2015. Noninterest expense in the first nine months of 2015 included a $2.4 million long-term debt prepayment fee. Excluding merger related expenses and the debt prepayment fee, total noninterest expense increased $8.7 million compared to the
first nine months of 2015. Salary and employee benefits of $41.8 million increased by $5.5 million, or 15%, due primarily to the addition of the Pascack and Harmony employees as well as normal salary and benefit increases. Net occupancy expense,
telecommunications expense and furniture and equipment expense increased $513,000, $215,000 and $738,000, respectively, compared to the first nine months of 2015 due to the addition of the Pascack and Harmony branches. Stationary, supplies and
postage increased $134,000 compared to the first nine months of 2015 primarily due to mailing and supplies associated with the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions. Marketing expense of $1.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 increased $71,000
compared to the first nine months of 2015 due primarily to the timing of marketing campaigns. FDIC insurance expense of $2.0 million in the first nine months of 2016 increased $463,000 compared to the same period last year, due to the addition of
the Pascack and Harmony deposits. Data processing expense of $1.5 million increased $365,000 primarily due to increases in the cost of mobile banking and the addition of the Pascack and Harmony branches. Other expenses of $7.1 million in the first
nine months of 2016 increased $408,000 compared to the first nine months of 2015 as donation expense and courier expense increased $142,000 and $289,000, respectively. The increase in courier expense is due to the outsourcing of the Company s
couriers which had previously impacted salary expense. The Company s efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure, was 56.5% in the first nine months of 2016, compared to 60.7% for the same period last year. The decrease in efficiency ratio
was due to the same reason discussed in the quarterly comparison. The Company uses this ratio because it believes that the ratio provides a good comparison of period-to-period performance and because the ratio is widely accepted in the banking
industry. The following table shows our calculation of the efficiency ratio for the periods presented:  
      46  

Table of Contents  

Income Tax Expense   
 The effective tax rate increased from 33.1% in the first nine months of 2015 to 33.8% in the first nine months of 2016 primarily as a result of
a decrease in tax advantaged items as a percent of pretax income. Contributing to the increase in the effective tax rate was the impact of non-deductible merger related expenses, offset by the impact of interest income from tax-exempt
securities and income on bank owned life insurance policies.    Financial Condition   
 The Company s total assets increased $1.03 billion from December 31, 2015, to $4.90 billion at September 30, 2016 including the impact of
Pascack s and Harmony s assets which represented $405.3 million and $326.4 million, respectively, at the time of acquisition.    Loans and
Leases     Gross loans and leases of $3.79 billion increased by $826.6 million from December 31, 2015 including Pascack and Harmony loans
which totaled $319.6 million and $259.7 million, respectively, at acquisition. Excluding Pascack s and Harmony s loans, total loans have increased 8% from December 31, 2015, primarily in the commercial loans secured by real estate
category. Excluding the impact of the Pascack and Harmony loans of $505.4 million, commercial loans secured by real estate increased $227.8 million, or 13%, from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. Leases also increased $9.0 million, or
16%, resulting from increased demand for equipment financing. Excluding the impact of the Pascack and Harmony loans of $25.3 million, commercial, industrial and other increased $7.0 million, or 2%. Real estate-residential
 
      47  

Table of Contents  

mortgages declined $29.2 million, or 7%, excluding the impact of Pascack s residential mortgages of $10.3 million. The decline in residential mortgages results from a decision to sell most
of the residential loans that the Company originates. Excluding the impact of Pascack and Harmony loans totaling $1.0 million and $24.5 million, respectively, real estate construction loans increased $36.7 million, or 31%, while home equity and
consumer loans decreased $4.0 million. For more information on the loan portfolio, see Note 5 in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  Risk Elements     Non-performing assets,
excluding PCI loans, increased from $23.7 million at December 31, 2015 to $24.6 million at September 30, 2016, primarily in the commercial secured by real estate category, which increased $2.6 million. Additionally, other real estate owned and
other repossessed assets increased $935,000. Partially offsetting these increases was non-performing residential mortgage and home equity and consumer, which decreased $1.4 million and $1.0 million, respectively, from December 31, 2015 to September
30, 2016. Although non-performing assets increased, the percentage of non-performing assets to total assets decreased from 0.61% at December 31, 2015 to 0.50% at September 30, 2016. Non-accrual loans at September 30, 2016 included 5 loan
relationships with a balance of $1.0 million or over, totaling $7.5 million, and 5 loan relationships between $500,000 and $1.0 million, totaling $3.5 million.  
 There were $10,000 in loans and leases past due ninety days or more and still accruing at September 30, 2016 compared to $331,000 at December
31, 2015. These loans primarily consisted of consumer loans which are generally placed on non-accrual and reviewed for charge-off when principal and interest payments are four months in arrears unless the obligations are well-secured and in the
process of collection.    On September 30, 2016, the Company had $9.3 million in loans that were troubled debt restructurings and accruing
interest income compared to $10.1 million at December 31, 2015. Troubled debt restructurings are those loans where the Company has granted concessions to the borrower in payment terms, either in rate or in term, as a result of the financial
condition of the borrower.   On September 30, 2016, the Company had $27.0 million in impaired loans (consisting primarily of non-accrual and
restructured loans and leases) compared to $26.0 million at year-end 2015. The Company also had purchased credit impaired loans from the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions with carrying values of $676,000 and $780,000, respectively, at September
30, 2016. For more information on impaired loans and leases see Note 5 in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The valuation allowance for impaired loans is based primarily on the fair value
of the underlying collateral. Based on such evaluation, $577,000 of the allowance for loan and lease losses has been allocated for impairment at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the Company also had $51.3 million in loans and leases
that were rated substandard that were not classified as non-performing or impaired compared to $46.6 million at December 31, 2015.    There
were no loans and leases at September 30, 2016, other than those designated non-performing, impaired or substandard, where the Company was aware of any credit conditions of any borrowers or obligors that would indicate a strong possibility of the
borrowers not complying with present terms and conditions of repayment and which may result in such loans and leases being included as non-accrual, past due or renegotiated at a future date. 
      48  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth for the periods presented, the historical relationships among the
allowance for loan and lease losses, the provision for loan and lease losses, the amount of loans and leases charged-off and the amount of loan and lease recoveries:      
   The ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses to loans and leases outstanding reflects
management s evaluation of the underlying credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The determination of the adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses and periodic provisioning for estimated losses included in the consolidated
financial statements is the responsibility of management and the Board of Directors. The evaluation process is undertaken on a quarterly basis.  
 Methodology employed for assessing the adequacy of the allowance consists of the following criteria:  

The establishment of specific reserve amounts for all specifically identified classified loans and leases that have been designated as requiring attention by Lakeland.    

The establishment of reserves for pools of homogeneous types of loans and leases not subject to specific review, including impaired loans under $500,000, leases, 1   4 family residential mortgages, and consumer
loans.        

The establishment of reserve amounts for the unimpaired loans and leases in each portfolio based upon the historical average loss experience as modified by management s assessment of the loss emergence period for
these portfolios and management s evaluation of key environmental factors.     Consideration is given to the results of
ongoing credit quality monitoring processes, the adequacy and expertise of the Company s lending staff, underwriting policies, loss histories, delinquency trends, and the cyclical nature of economic and business conditions. Since many of
the Company s loans depend on the sufficiency of collateral as a secondary means of repayment, any adverse trend in the real estate markets could affect underlying values available to protect the Company against loss. 
 The overall balance of the allowance for loan and lease losses of $31.4 million at September 30, 2016 increased $495,000, from December 31,
2015, an increase of 2%. The change in the allowance within segments of the loan portfolio reflects changes in the non-performing loan and charge-off statistics within each segment as well as the level of growth in
 
      49  

Table of Contents  

each segment. Loan reserves are based on a combination of historical charge-off experience, estimating the appropriate loss emergence and pre-emergence periods and assigning qualitative factors
based on general economic conditions and specific bank portfolio characteristics.    Non-performing loans and leases of $22.7 million at
September 30, 2016 equaled the balance at December 31, 2015. The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of total loans was 0.83% of total loans on September 30, 2016 compared to 1.04% as of December 31, 2015. The reduction in the
percentage of the allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of total loans and leases was primarily due to the increase in loans resulting from the Pascack and Harmony acquisitions, which are accounted for under acquisition
accounting. Excluding the acquired loans, the allowance as a percent of total loans would be 0.99%. Management believes, based on appraisals and estimated selling costs, that the majority of its non-performing loans and leases are
adequately secured and reserves on its non-performing loans and leases are adequate. Based upon the process employed and giving recognition to all accompanying factors related to the loan and lease portfolio, management considers the allowance
for loan and lease losses to be adequate at September 30, 2016.    Investment Securities   
 For detailed information on the composition and maturity distribution of the Company s investment securities portfolio, see Note 4 in
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Total investment securities increased from $559.1 million at December 31, 2015 to $621.5 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $62.4 million.
    Deposits     Total deposits increased
from $3.00 billion at December 31, 2015 to $3.94 billion at September 30, 2016, an increase of $946.2 million, or 32%. Pascack s and Harmony s deposits totaled $304.5 million and $278.1 million respectively, at the time of
acquisition. Noninterest-bearing deposits increased $237.6 million, or 34%, to $931.4 million. Excluding $64.4 million and $43.7 million, respectively, in Pascack and Harmony demand deposits, noninterest-bearing demand deposits have
increased by $129.5 million, or 19%, from year-end 2015. Savings and interest-bearing transaction accounts and time deposits increased $512.6 million and $195.9 million, respectively. At the time of acquisition, Pascack had savings and
interest-bearing transaction accounts and time deposits of $161.9 million and $78.1 million, respectively. At the time of acquisition, Harmony had savings and interest-bearing transaction accounts and time deposits of $175.7 million and $58.7
million, respectively. The growth in savings and interest-bearing transaction accounts and in time deposits excluding the impact of the acquisitions was 9% and 17%, respectively.  
  Liquidity      Liquidity  measures
whether an entity has sufficient cash flow to meet its financial obligations and commitments on a timely basis. The Company is liquid when its subsidiary bank has the cash available to meet the borrowing and cash withdrawal requirements of
customers and the Company can pay for current and planned expenditures and satisfy its debt obligations.   Lakeland funds loan demand and
operation expenses from several sources:      

Deposits. Lakeland can offer new products or change its rate structure in order to increase deposits. In the first nine months of 2016, Lakeland s deposits increased $363.6 million, excluding the impact of Pascack
and Harmony deposits.        

Sales of securities. At September 30, 2016 the Company had $480.4 million in securities designated  available for sale.  Of these securities, $289.4 million were pledged to secure public deposits and for other
purposes required by applicable laws and regulations.        

Repayments on loans and leases can also be a source of liquidity to fund further loan growth.    
      50  

Table of Contents  

Credit lines. As a member of the FHLB, Lakeland has the ability to borrow overnight based on the market value of collateral pledged. Lakeland had no overnight borrowings from the FHLB on September 30, 2016. Lakeland
also has overnight federal funds lines available for it to borrow up to $192.0 million of which none was outstanding at September 30, 2016. Lakeland may also borrow from the discount window of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on the
market value of collateral pledged. Lakeland had no borrowings with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as of September 30, 2016.        

Other borrowings. Lakeland can also generate funds by utilizing long-term debt or securities sold under agreements to repurchase that would be collateralized by security or mortgage collateral. At times the market
values of securities collateralizing our securities sold under agreements to repurchase may decline due to changes in interest rates and may necessitate our lenders to issue a  margin call  which requires Lakeland to pledge additional
collateral to meet that margin call.      Management and the Board monitor the Company s liquidity through the
Asset/Liability Committee, which monitors the Company s compliance with certain regulatory ratios and other various liquidity guidelines.  
 The cash flow statements for the periods presented provide an indication of the Company s sources and uses of cash, as well as an
indication of the ability of the Company to maintain an adequate level of liquidity. A discussion of the cash flow statement for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 follows.  
 Cash and cash equivalents totaling $195.4 million on September 30, 2016 increased $76.9 million from December 31, 2015. Operating activities
provided $37.5 million in net cash. Investing activities used $220.8 million in net cash, primarily reflecting an increase in loans and leases. Financing activities provided $260.1 million in net cash primarily reflecting the increase in
deposits of $364.1 million and $73.6 million in net proceeds from the issuance of subordinated debt partially offset by declines in federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase of $121.5 million and net repayments of
other borrowings of $44.1 million. The Company anticipates that it will have sufficient funds available to meet its current loan commitments and deposit maturities. This constitutes a forward-looking statement under the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995.   The following table sets forth contractual obligations and other commitments representing required and
potential cash outflows as of September 30, 2016. Interest on subordinated debentures and long-term borrowed funds is calculated based on current contractual interest rates.  

* 
 Includes interest on other borrowings and subordinated debentures at a weighted rate of 2.64%.    
      51  

Table of Contents  

   Capital Resources   
 Total stockholders  equity increased from $400.5 million on December 31, 2015 to $498.7 million on September 30, 2016, an increase of
$98.2 million, or 25%. Book value per common share increased to $11.22 on September 30, 2016 from $10.57 on December 31, 2015. Tangible book value per share increased from $7.62 per share on December 31, 2015 to $8.07 per share on
September 30, 2016, an increase of 6%. Please see  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  below. The increase in stockholders  equity from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 was primarily due to stock issued of $37.2 million for the
acquisition of Pascack, stock issued of $36.7 million for the acquisition of Harmony, $29.6 million of net income and $5.2 million of other comprehensive income on the Company s available for sale securities portfolio, partially offset by the
payment of cash dividends on common stock of $11.7 million.   The Company and Lakeland are subject to various regulatory capital
requirements that are monitored by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can lead to certain supervisory actions by regulators; any supervisory action could have a direct material adverse effect on the Company or
Lakeland s financial statements. As of September 30, 2016, the Company and Lakeland met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject.  
 The final rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s ( BCBS ) capital guidelines for U.S. banks became
effective for the Company on January 1, 2015, with full compliance with all of the final rule s requirements phased in over a multi-year schedule, to be fully phased-in by January 1, 2019. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s capital
levels remained characterized as  well-capitalized  under the new rules.   On September 30, 2016, the Company completed an
offering of $75.0 million fixed to floating rate subordinated notes due September 30, 2026. The notes will bear interest at a rate of 5.125% per annum until September 30, 2021 and will then reset quarterly to the then current three-month
LIBOR rate plus 397 basis points until maturity in September 2026. The debt is included in Tier 2 capital for Lakeland Bancorp. On September 30, 2016, the Company contributed $69.9 million to Lakeland Bank s capital, increasing the
Bank s capital ratios.    The capital ratios for the Company and Lakeland for the periods presented are as follows:  
   
    Non-GAAP Financial Measures   
 Reported amounts are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company s management uses certain supplemental non-GAAP information
in its analysis of the Company s financial results. Specifically, the Company provides measurements and ratios based on tangible equity and tangible assets. These measures are utilized by regulators and market analysts to evaluate a
company s financial condition and therefore, such information is useful to investors.   The Company also provides measures based on
what it believes are its operating earnings on a consistent basis, and excludes material non-routine operating items which affect the GAAP reporting of results of operations. The Company s management believes that providing this
information to analysts and investors allows them to better understand and evaluate the Company s core financial results for the periods in question.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

  These disclosures should not be viewed as a substitute for financial results determined in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures which may be presented by other companies.      

53  

Table of Contents  

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      The Company manages interest
rate risk and market risk by identifying and quantifying interest rate risk exposures using simulation analysis and economic value at risk models. Net interest income simulation considers the relative sensitivities of the balance sheet including the
effects of interest rate caps on adjustable rate mortgages and the relatively stable aspects of core deposits. As such, net interest income simulation is designed to address the probability of interest rate changes and the behavioral response of the
balance sheet to those changes. Market Value of Portfolio Equity represents the fair value of the net present value of assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet items. Changes in estimates and assumptions made for interest rate sensitivity modeling
could have a significant impact on projected results and conclusions. These assumptions could include prepayment rates, sensitivity of non-maturity deposits and other similar assumptions. Therefore, if our assumptions should change, this technique
may not accurately reflect the impact of general interest rate movements on the Company s net interest income or net portfolio value.  
 The starting point (or  base case ) for the following table is an estimate of the following year s net interest income assuming
that both interest rates and the Company s interest-sensitive assets and liabilities remain at period-end levels. The net interest income estimated for the next twelve months (the base case) is $148.5 million. The information provided for
net interest income assumes that changes in interest rates of plus 200 basis points and minus 200 basis points change gradually in equal increments ( rate ramp ) over the twelve month period. 

54  

Table of Contents  

  The Company s review of interest rate risk also includes policy limits for net interest
income changes in various  rate shock  scenarios. Rate shocks assume that current interest rates change immediately. The information provided for net interest income assumes fluctuations or  rate shocks  for changes in interest
rates as shown in the table below.      
   The base case for the following table is an estimate of the Company s net portfolio value for the periods
presented using current discount rates, and assuming the Company s interest-sensitive assets and liabilities remain at period-end levels. The net portfolio value at September 30, 2016 (the base case) was $635.6 million. The information
provided for the net portfolio value assumes fluctuations or  rate shocks  for changes in interest rates as shown in the table below. Rate shocks assume that current interest rates change immediately. 
   
   The information set forth in the above tables is based on significant estimates and assumptions, and
constitutes a forward-looking statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For more information regarding the Company s market risk and assumptions used in the Company s simulation models, please refer to the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   Certain shortcomings are inherent in the
methodologies used in the above interest rate risk measurements. Modeling changes in net interest income requires the making of certain assumptions regarding prepayment and deposit decay rates, which may or may not reflect the manner in which actual
yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. While management believes such assumptions are reasonable, there can be no assurance that assumed prepayment rates and decay rates will approximate actual future loan prepayment and
deposit withdrawal activity. Moreover, the net interest income table presented assumes that the composition of interest sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured and also
assumes that a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration to maturity or repricing of specific assets and liabilities. Accordingly, although the net interest income table provides an
indication of the Company s interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurement is not intended to and does not provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on net interest income and will
differ from actual results.      

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures       (a)  Disclosure controls and procedures.  As of the end of the
Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). The term  disclosure controls and
procedures,  as defined in Rule 13a-15, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
      55  

Table of Contents  

  Based on the evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of
September 30, 2016, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as a result of the material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting previously disclosed in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 10-K ), the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016. 
 As previously disclosed in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K, during the fourth quarter of 2015, management identified a material
weakness in internal controls over the completeness and accuracy of the information used to determine the qualitative component of the allowance for loan and lease losses estimate. This material weakness in internal controls occurred due to the
control operator not executing the review control, as designed, of the completeness and accuracy of the information used in the qualitative component of the allowance for loan and lease losses estimate as of December 31, 2015. No restatement of
prior period financial statements and no change in previously issued financial results were required as a result of this weakness in internal control. Management has taken steps to remediate this weakness by enhancing review controls, including
adding an additional independent level of review over the information used to determine the qualitative component in the allowance for loan and lease losses estimation process. Management is still evaluating these new controls and procedures. Once
placed in operation for a sufficient period of time, the Company will subject them to appropriate tests in order to determine whether they are operating effectively.  
 (b)  Changes in internal controls over financial reporting.  As discussed above, management has continued to remediate the underlying causes of the
material weakness disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K. Other than the plan for remediation described above, there has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
      56  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings        There are no pending legal proceedings involving the Company or
Lakeland other than those arising in the normal course of business. Management does not anticipate that the potential liability, if any, arising out of such legal proceedings will have a material effect on the financial condition or results of
operations of the Company and Lakeland on a consolidated basis.      

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors        There have been no material changes in risk factors from those disclosed
under Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      

Item 2. 
   
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
 Not Applicable  

Item 3. 
   
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
 Not Applicable  

Item 4. 
   
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
 Not Applicable  

Item 5. 
   
 Other Information 
    
 Not Applicable  

Item 6. 
 Exhibits          

31.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

57  

Table of Contents  

    SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

Lakeland Bancorp, Inc.  
 
 (Registrant)  

/s/ Thomas J. Shara   
 
 Thomas J. Shara  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Joseph F. Hurley   
 
 Joseph F. Hurley  
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  
 
  Date: November 8, 2016 
      58  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d250877dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
 I, Thomas J. Shara, certify that:    1. I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lakeland Bancorp, Inc.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 8, 2016       

/s/ Thomas J. Shara   
 
 Thomas J. Shara  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d250877dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 I, Joseph F. Hurley, certify that:    1. I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lakeland Bancorp, Inc.;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Dated: November 8, 2016       

/s/ Joseph F. Hurley   
 
 Joseph F. Hurley  
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d250877dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  AND OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO     18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,     AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the quarterly report of Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), Thomas J. Shara, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Joseph F. Hurley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on his knowledge:   (1) The Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   (2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and consolidated results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 
 Dated: November 8, 2016       

/s/ Thomas J. Shara   
 
 Thomas J. Shara  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Joseph F. Hurley   
 
 Joseph F. Hurley  
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  
 
  This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 lbai-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lbai-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lbai-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lbai-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lbai-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lbai-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

