<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1116463_0001193125-16-762972_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3632229</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>556907</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>200681</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>698410</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1202686</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>792911</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-762972.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108160928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-762972
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001116463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				364370966
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16537
		FILM NUMBER:		161981383

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 WEBSTER ST
		CITY:			BETHLEHEM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036416115

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 WEBSTER ST
		CITY:			BETHLEHEM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18015

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-762972.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d281107d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016.   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                      .   
  Commission File Number 001-16537        
       ORASURE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

Delaware  
   
  36-4370966   
 
    (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (IRS Employer  
  Identification No.)    

220 East First Street, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania  
   
  18015   
 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
   
  (Zip code)   
    (610) 882-1820   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by checkmark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       Number of shares of Common Stock, par value $.000001 per
share, outstanding as of November 3, 2016: 55,730,629 shares.          

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Page No.  

Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)    

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2016 and 2015   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months
 ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
 and 2015   

6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   

7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations    

18 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk    

31 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

31 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

33 

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

33 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds    

34 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

34 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    

34 

Item 5. Other Information    

34 

Item 6. Exhibits    

34 

Signatures    

35 

-2-  

Table of Contents  

Item 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Unaudited)      (in
thousands, except per share amounts)       
   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  
      -3-  

Table of Contents  

     ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
  (Unaudited)      (in
thousands, except per share amounts)       
   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  
      -4-  

Table of Contents  

     ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
  (Unaudited)      (in
thousands)       
   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  
      -5-  

Table of Contents  

     ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited)      (in
thousands)       
   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  
      -6-  

Table of Contents  

     ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)      (in
thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated)       

1.  
  The Company       We develop, manufacture, market and sell diagnostic products and specimen collection
devices using our proprietary technologies, as well as other diagnostic products, including immunoassays and other  in vitro  diagnostic tests that are used on other specimen types. Our diagnostic products include tests that are performed on a
rapid basis at the point-of-care, tests that are processed in a laboratory, and a rapid point-of-care HIV test approved for use in the domestic consumer retail or over-the-counter ( OTC ) market. We also manufacture and sell devices used
to collect, stabilize, transport and store samples of genetic material for molecular testing in the consumer genetic, clinical genetic, academic research, pharmacogenomic, personalized medicine, microbiome and animal genetic markets. Lastly, we
manufacture and sell medical devices used for the removal of benign skin lesions by cryosurgery, or freezing. Our products are sold in the United States and internationally to various clinical laboratories, hospitals, clinics, community-based
organizations, public health organizations, research and academic institutions, distributors, government agencies, physicians  offices, commercial and industrial entities, retail pharmacies and mass merchandisers, and to consumers over the
internet.      

2.  
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies         Principles of Consolidation and Basis of
Presentation .  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of OraSure Technologies, Inc. ( OraSure ) and its wholly-owned subsidiary, DNA Genotek, Inc. ( DNAG ). All intercompany transactions and balances
have been eliminated. References herein to  we,   us,   our,  or the  Company  mean OraSure and its consolidated subsidiary, unless otherwise indicated.  
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements are unaudited and, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments (consisting only of normal and
recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position and results of operations for these interim periods. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. Results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations expected for the full
year.      Use of Estimates .  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates and underlying assumptions affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported, disclosures about contingent assets and
liabilities, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Such estimates include the valuation of accounts receivable and inventories and assumptions utilized in impairment testing for intangible assets and goodwill, as well as calculations
related to contingencies and accruals, among others. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis, using historical experience and
other factors, which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, including the current economic environment. We adjust such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Illiquid credit markets, volatile equity
and foreign currency markets, reductions in government funding, and declines in consumer spending have combined to increase the uncertainty inherent in such estimates and assumptions. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with
precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in those estimates resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment and other factors will be reflected in the financial statements in those future
periods.      Short-Term Investments .  We consider all short-term investments to be available-for-sale securities. These securities are comprised
of guaranteed investment certificates with purchased maturities greater than ninety days. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value, based upon quoted market prices, with unrealized gains and losses, if any, reported in
stockholders  equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.  
      -7-  

Table of Contents  

  Our available-for-sale securities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of
guaranteed investment certificates with amortized cost and fair value of $7,618 and $7,225, respectively.      Fair Value of Financial Instruments .
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate their respective fair values based on their short-term nature.  
 Fair value measurements of all financial assets and liabilities that are being measured and reported on a fair value basis are required to be classified and
disclosed in one of the following three categories:    Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the
measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities;    Level 2: Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs which
are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and    Level 3: Prices or valuation
techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e., supported by little or no market activity).  
 Included in cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, was $98,056 and $65,509 invested in money market funds. These
funds are Level 1 instruments.    We offer a nonqualified deferred compensation plan for certain eligible employees and members of our Board of Directors.
The assets of the plan are held in the name of the Company at a third-party financial institution. Separate accounts are maintained for each participant to reflect the amounts deferred by the participant and all earnings and losses on those deferred
amounts. The assets of the plan are held in mutual funds and Company stock. The fair value of the plan assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $1,888 and $1,324, respectively, and was calculated using the quoted market
prices of the assets as of those dates. All investments in the plan are classified as trading securities and measured as Level 1 instruments. The fair value of plan assets is included in Other Assets with the same amount included in Other
Liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.    All of our available-for-sale securities are measured as Level 1 instruments as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.    In February 2016, we purchased certificates of deposit ( CD ) from a commercial bank in the
amount of $1,810. The CDs bear interest at an annual rate ranging from 0.17% to 0.25% and mature monthly through February 28, 2018. The carrying values of the CDs approximate their fair value. These CDs serve as collateral for certain standby
letters of credit and are reported as restricted cash on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Also see Note 7   Commitments and Contingencies.  
   Inventories .  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market determined on a first-in, first-out basis and are comprised of the following:
     
     Property and Equipment .  Property and equipment are stated at cost. Additions or improvements are capitalized,
while repairs and maintenance are charged to expense. Depreciation and amortization are provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Buildings are depreciated over twenty to forty years, while
computer equipment, machinery and equipment, and furniture and fixtures are depreciated over  
      -8-  

Table of Contents  

two to ten years. Building improvements are amortized over their estimated useful lives. When assets are sold, retired, or discarded, the related property amounts are relieved from the accounts,
and any gain or loss is recorded in the consolidated statements of income. Accumulated depreciation of property and equipment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $35,264 and $33,013, respectively.  
  Intangible Assets . Intangible assets consist of the following:      
   The change in intangibles from $12,591 as of December 31, 2015 to $11,205 as of September 30, 2016 is a result of
$2,467 in amortization expense and $1,081 in foreign currency translation gains.      Goodwill .  Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase
price we paid over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our acquisition of DNAG in August 2011. Goodwill is not amortized but rather is tested annually for impairment or more
frequently if we believe that indicators of impairment exist. Current U.S. generally accepted accounting principles permit us to make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of goodwill impairment. If we conclude that it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then we would not be required to perform the two-step quantitative impairment test. Otherwise, performing the two-step impairment test is necessary. The first step of
the two-step quantitative impairment test involves comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting unit with its aggregate carrying value, including goodwill. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit s fair
value, we perform the second step of the test to determine the amount of the impairment loss, if any. The second step involves measuring any impairment by comparing the implied fair values of the affected reporting unit s goodwill and
intangible assets with the respective carrying values.    We performed our last annual impairment assessment as of July 31, 2016 utilizing a
qualitative evaluation and concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our DNAG reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. We believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of our
reporting unit. If actual future results are not consistent with management s estimates and assumptions, we may have to take an impairment charge in the future related to our goodwill. Future impairment tests will continue to be performed
annually in the fiscal third quarter, or sooner if a triggering event occurs. As of September 30, 2016, we believe no indicators of impairment exist.  
      -9-  

Table of Contents  

  The change in goodwill from $18,250 as of December 31, 2015 to $19,243 as of September 30, 2016 is a
result of foreign currency translation.      Revenue Recognition .  We recognize product revenues when there is persuasive evidence that an
arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, title has passed and collection is reasonably assured. Product revenues are recorded net of allowances for any discounts or rebates. Other than for sales of our OraQuick    In-Home HIV test to the retail trade, we do not grant price protection or product return rights to our customers except for warranty returns. Historically, returns arising from warranty issues
have been infrequent and immaterial. Accordingly, we expense warranty returns as incurred.    Our net revenues recorded on sales of the OraQuick    In-Home HIV test represent total gross revenues, less an allowance for expected returns, and customer allowances for cooperative advertising, discounts, rebates, and chargebacks. The allowance
for expected returns is an estimate established by management, based upon currently available information, and is adjusted to reflect known changes in the factors that impact this estimate. Other customer allowances for cooperative advertising,
discounts, rebates, and chargebacks are contractual in nature. These allowances are recorded as a reduction of gross revenue when recognized in our consolidated statements of income.  
 We record shipping and handling charges billed to our customers as product revenue and the related expense as cost of products sold. Taxes assessed by
governmental authorities, such as sales or value-added taxes, are excluded from product revenues.    On June 10, 2014, we entered into a Master Program
Services and Co-Promotion Agreement with AbbVie Bahamas Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of AbbVie Inc. ( AbbVie ), to co-promote our OraQuick    HCV test in the United States.  
 Pursuant to the agreement, we granted exclusive co-promotion rights for the OraQuick    HCV test in
certain markets to AbbVie and we agreed to develop, implement, administer and maintain a patient care database for the exclusive use of AbbVie. This patient care database is being used to compile patient information regarding new individuals who
have tested positive for HCV using our OraQuick    HCV test. We also jointly agreed with AbbVie to co-promote our OraQuick    HCV test in
certain market segments.    Under the terms of this agreement, we were eligible to receive up to $75,000 in aggregate payments. We were recognizing this
revenue ratably on a monthly basis over the term of the agreement which was to terminate on December 31, 2019.    Effective June 30, 2016, we
mutually agreed to an early termination of this agreement with AbbVie and it will now end on December 31, 2016. Following the termination of the agreement, AbbVie will be relieved of its co-promotion obligations, including its obligation to
detail the OraQuick    HCV Rapid Test into physician offices, and will have no further financial obligations to us. We will no longer be obligated to compensate AbbVie for product detailing
activities and will be free to pursue arrangements with other pharmaceutical companies to market and promote our OraQuick    HCV Rapid Antibody Test in the U.S. As a result of the shortened
term, the remaining associated deferred revenue of $12,229 at June 30, 2016, is being recognized ratably as other revenue over the remaining six months of 2016 as there are no substantive on-going obligations remaining beyond December 31,
2016. During the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, $6,114 and $12,837, respectively, in exclusivity revenue was recognized and was recorded as other revenue in our consolidated statements of income.  
 On June 12, 2015, we were awarded a grant for up to $10,400 in total funding from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS )
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response s Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority ( BARDA ) related to our OraQuick    Ebola Rapid Antigen
test. The three-year, multi-phased grant includes an initial commitment of $1,800 and options for up to an additional $8,600 to fund certain clinical and regulatory activities. In September 2015, BARDA exercised an option to provide $7,200 in
additional funding for the development of our OraQuick    Ebola Rapid Antigen test. Amounts related to this grant are recorded as other revenue in our consolidated statements of income as the
activities are being performed and the related costs are incurred. During the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, $474 and $1,373, respectively, was recognized in connection with this grant.  
 In August 2016, we were awarded a contract for up to $16,600 in total funding from BARDA related to our rapid Zika test. The six-year, multi-phased contract
includes an initial commitment of $7,000 and options for up to an  
      -10-  

Table of Contents  

  additional $9,600 to fund the evaluation of additional product enhancements, and clinical and regulatory
activities. Funding received under this contract is recorded as other revenue in our consolidated statement of operations as the activities are being performed. During the third quarter of 2016, $203 was recognized in connection with this grant.
     Customer Sales Returns and Allowances .  We do not grant return rights to our customers for any product, except for our OraQuick    In-Home HIV test. Accordingly, we have recorded an estimate of expected returns as a reduction of gross OraQuick    In-Home HIV product
revenues in our consolidated statements of income. This estimate reflects our historical sales experience to retailers and consumers, as well as other retail factors, and is reviewed regularly to ensure that it reflects potential product returns. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the reserve for sales returns and allowances was $253 and $310, respectively. If actual product returns differ materially from our reserve amount, or if a determination is made that this
product s distribution would be discontinued in whole or in part by certain retailers, then we would need to adjust our reserve. Should the actual level of product returns vary significantly from our estimates, our operating and financial
results could be materially affected.      Deferred Revenue .  We record deferred revenue when funds are received prior to the recognition of the
associated revenue. Deferred revenue as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 includes customer prepayments of $1,797 and $784, respectively. Deferred revenue as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 also includes
$6,114 and $8,951, respectively, from AbbVie, which represents the excess of the payments received from AbbVie over the amounts earned and recognized ratably in our consolidated statements of income.  
   Customer and Vendor Concentrations .  We had no significant concentrations in accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. One customer accounted for approximately 19% and 14% of our net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The same customer accounted for approximately 11% and 12% of our net revenues
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.    We currently purchase certain products and critical components of our products
from sole-supply vendors. If these vendors are unable or unwilling to supply the required components and products, we could be subject to increased costs and substantial delays in the delivery of our products to our customers. Also, our subsidiary,
DNAG, uses two third-party suppliers to manufacture its products. Our inability to have a timely supply of any of these components and products could have a material adverse effect on our business, as well as our financial condition and results of
operations.      Earnings Per Share  . Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of
common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed in a manner similar to basic earnings per share except that the weighted average number of shares outstanding is increased to include shares from the assumed vesting
or exercise of dilutive securities, such as common stock options, unvested restricted stock, and performance stock units, unless the impact is antidilutive. The number of incremental shares is calculated by assuming that outstanding stock options
were exercised and unvested restricted shares and performance stock units were vested, and the proceeds from such exercises or vesting were used to acquire shares of common stock at the average market price during the reporting period.  
      -11-  

Table of Contents  

  The computations of basic and diluted earnings per share are as follows:  
   
   For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, outstanding common stock options and unvested restricted
stock representing 2,130 and 6,231 shares, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, outstanding
common stock options and unvested restricted stock representing 2,837 and 4,648 shares, respectively, were similarly excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share.  
   Foreign Currency Translation  . The assets and liabilities of our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates as
of the balance sheet date, and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period. Resulting translation adjustments are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss, which is a separate component of
stockholders  equity.    Transaction gains and losses resulting from exchange rate changes on transactions denominated in currencies other than
functional currency are included in our consolidated statements of income in the period in which the change occurs. Net foreign exchange gains resulting from foreign currency transactions that are included in other income (expense) in our
consolidated statements of income were $84 and $188 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net foreign exchange gains (losses) were $(564) and $729 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.      Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) .  We classify items of other comprehensive income (loss) by their nature and
disclose the accumulated balance of other comprehensive income (loss) separately from accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital in the stockholders  equity section of our consolidated balance sheet.  
 We have defined the Canadian dollar as the functional currency of our Canadian subsidiary, DNAG, and as such, the results of its operations are translated
into U.S. dollars, which is the reporting currency of the Company. The $2,501 and $(6,036) currency translation adjustments recorded in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively, are largely the result of the translation of our Canadian
operation s balance sheets into U.S. dollars.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements .  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued converged guidance on recognizing revenue in contracts with customers, ASU 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The intent of the new standard is to improve financial reporting and comparability of revenue
globally. The core principle of the standard is for a company to recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which the company expects to receive in exchange
for those goods or services. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are still evaluating the effects, if any, which
adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
      -12-  

Table of Contents  

  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory , which requires an
entity that uses the first-in, first-out method for inventory measurement to report inventory cost at the lower of cost and net realizable value versus the current measurement principle of lower of cost or market. The ASU requires prospective
adoption for inventory measurements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2015-11 may have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which requires entities to begin recording assets and liabilities from leases on the balance
sheet. The new guidance will also require significant additional disclosures about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows from leases. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018, using a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 may have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance under ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting . ASU 2016-09 provides for simplification of several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification
on the statement of cash flows. The Company is required to adopt this new authoritative guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adoption of this standard
on its consolidated financial statements.      

3.  
  Accrued Expenses         

4.  
  Credit Facility       On September 30, 2016, we entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit
Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The Credit Agreement provides for revolving extensions of credit in an initial aggregate amount of up to $10,000 (inclusive of a letter of credit subfacility of $2,500), with an option to
request, prior to the second anniversary of the closing date, that lenders, at their election, provide up to $5,000 of additional revolving commitments. Obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in
certain eligible accounts receivable, 65% of the equity of our subsidiary, DNAG, and certain related assets. There were no borrowings outstanding at September 30, 2016.  
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are subject to compliance with borrowing base limitations tied to eligibility of accounts receivable. Interest under the
Credit Agreement is payable at the London Interbank Offered Rate for one, two, three or six-month loans, as selected by the Company, plus 2.50% per year. The Credit Agreement will be subject to an unused line fee of 0.375% per year on the
unused portion of the commitment under the Credit Agreement during the revolving period. The maturity date of the Credit Agreement is September 30, 2019.  
 In connection with the Credit Agreement, under certain circumstances, we must comply with a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.10 to 1.00, measured as
of the last day of each fiscal month and for the twelve-fiscal month period ending on such date. As of September 30, 2016 we were in compliance with all applicable covenants in the Credit Agreement.  
      -13-  

Table of Contents  

5.  
  Stockholders  Equity        Stock-Based Awards   
 We grant stock-based awards under the OraSure Technologies, Inc. Stock Award Plan, as amended (the  Stock Plan ). The Stock Plan permits stock-based
awards to employees, outside directors and consultants or other third-party advisors. Awards which may be granted under the Stock Plan include qualified incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
awards, performance awards and other stock-based awards. We recognize compensation expense for stock option and restricted stock awards issued to employees and directors on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. To
satisfy the exercise of options or vesting of restricted stock and performance awards, we issue new shares rather than purchase shares on the open market.  
 Commencing in 2016, we have granted to certain executives performance-based restricted stock units ( PSUs ). Vesting of these PSUs is dependent upon
achievement of performance-based metrics during a one-year or three-year period, from the date of grant. Assuming achievement of each performance-based metrics, the executive must also remain in our service for three years, commencing with the grant
date. Performance during the one-year period will be based on a one-year earnings per share target. Upon achievement of the one-year target, the PSUs will then vest three years from grant date. Performance during the three-year period will be based
on achievement of a three-year compound annual growth rate for consolidated product revenues. Upon achievement of the three-year target, the corresponding PSUs will vest in full. PSUs are converted into shares of our common stock once vested. Upon
grant of the PSUs, the Company recognizes compensation expense related to these awards based on assumptions as to what percentage of each target will be achieved. The Company evaluates these target assumptions on a quarterly basis and adjusts
compensation expense related to these awards, as appropriate.    Total compensation cost related to stock options for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2,033 and $2,557, respectively. Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were $894 and $124 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As a result of the Company s
net operating loss carryforward position, no actual income tax benefit was realized from stock option exercises during these periods.    Compensation cost
of $2,137 and $1,986 related to restricted shares was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In connection with the vesting of restricted shares and exercise of stock options during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we purchased and immediately retired 117 and 132 shares with aggregate values of $651 and $883, respectively, in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding and exercise obligations.  
 Compensation cost of $268 related to the PSUs was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  Stock Repurchase Program     On August 5, 2008, our
Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program pursuant to which we are permitted to acquire up to $25,000 of our outstanding common shares. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we purchased and retired 423 shares of common
stock at an average price of $6.29 per share for a total cost of $2,660. No shares were purchased and retired during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, under this share repurchase program.  

6.  
  Income Taxes       During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded tax expense of
$400 and $634, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded tax expense of $147 and $810, respectively.  
      -14-  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the components of income tax expense:  
   
   Current taxes reflect taxes due to state and Canadian taxing authorities. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of
temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting and tax purposes, and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The significant components of our total deferred tax liability as of
September 30, 2016 relate to the tax effects of the basis differences between the intangible assets acquired in the DNAG acquisition for financial reporting and tax purposes.  
 In 2008, we established a full valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax asset. Management believes the full valuation allowance is still appropriate
as of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 since the facts and circumstances necessitating the allowance have not changed. As a result, no U.S. federal or state deferred income tax expense or benefit was recorded for the three and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      

7.  
  Commitments and Contingencies       From time to time, we are involved in certain legal actions arising in
the ordinary course of business. In management s opinion, based upon the advice of counsel, the outcomes of such actions are not expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our future financial position or
results of operations.    In July 2016, we established two standby letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $1,800, naming an international customer as
the beneficiary. These letters of credit were required as a performance guarantee of our obligations under our contract with that customer and are collateralized by certificates of deposit maintained at a commercial bank.  

8.  
  Business Segment Information       We operate our business within two reportable segments: our
 OSUR  business, which consists of the development, manufacture and sale of diagnostic products, specimen collection devices and medical devices; and our molecular collection systems or  DNAG  business, which primarily consists
of the manufacture, development and sale of oral fluid collection devices that are used to collect, stabilize and store samples of genetic material for molecular testing. OSUR revenues are derived primarily from products sold in the United States
and internationally to various clinical laboratories, hospitals, clinics, community-based organizations, public health organizations, distributors, government agencies, physicians  offices, commercial and industrial entities, retail pharmacies,
mass merchandisers, and to consumers over the internet. OSUR also derives other revenues, including exclusivity payments for co-promotion rights and other licensing and product development activities. DNAG revenues result primarily from products
sold into the commercial market which consists of customers engaged in consumer genetics, clinical genetic testing, pharmacogenomics, personalized medicine, animal and livestock genetic testing, and microbiome testing. DNAG products are also sold
into the academic research market, which consists of research laboratories, universities and hospitals.    We organized our operating segments according to
the nature of the products included in those segments. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2). We evaluate performance of our operating segments based on
revenue and operating income (loss). We do not allocate interest income, interest expense, other income, other expenses or income taxes to our operating segments. Reportable segments have no inter-segment revenues and inter-segment expenses have
been eliminated.  
      -15-  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes operating segment information for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and asset information as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
     
   Our products are sold principally in the United States and Europe.  
 The following table represents total revenues by geographic area, based on the location of the customer:  

-16-  

Table of Contents  

  The following table represents total long-lived assets by geographic area:  

-17-  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  Statements below regarding future events or performance are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Federal securities laws. These
may include statements about our expected revenues, earnings/loss per share, net income (loss), expenses, cash flow or other financial performance or developments, clinical trial or development activities, expected regulatory filings and approvals,
planned business transactions, views of future industry, competitive or market conditions, and other factors that could affect our future operations, results of operations or financial position. These statements often include the words
 believes,   expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans,   estimates,   may,   will,   should,   could,  or similar expressions. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance or results. Known and unknown factors that could cause actual performance or results to be materially different from those expressed or implied in these statements include, but are not limited to:
ability to market and sell products, whether through our internal, direct sales force or third parties; ability to manufacture products in accordance with applicable specifications, performance standards and quality requirements; ability to obtain,
and timing and cost of obtaining, necessary regulatory approvals for new products or new indications or applications for existing products; ability to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; ability to effectively resolve warning letters,
audit observations and other findings or comments from the FDA or other regulators; changes in relationships, including disputes or disagreements, with strategic partners or other parties and reliance on strategic partners for the performance of
critical activities under collaborative arrangements; failure of distributors or other customers to meet purchase forecasts, historic purchase levels or minimum purchase requirements for our products; impact of replacing distributors; inventory
levels at distributors and other customers; ability of DNA Genotek to achieve its financial and strategic objectives and continue to increase its revenues; ability to identify, complete, integrate and realize the full benefits of future
acquisitions; impact of competitors, competing products and technology changes; impact of negative economic conditions, high unemployment levels and poor credit conditions; reduction or deferral of public funding available to customers; competition
from new or better technology or lower cost products; ability to develop, commercialize and market new products; market acceptance of oral fluid testing or other products; changes in market acceptance of products based on product performance or
other factors, including changes in testing guidelines, algorithms or other recommendations by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) or other agencies; ability to fund research and development and other products and
operations; ability to obtain and maintain new or existing product distribution channels; reliance on sole supply sources for critical products and components; availability of related products produced by third parties or products required for use
of our products; history of losses and ability to achieve sustained profitability; ability to utilize net operating loss carry forwards or other deferred tax assets; volatility of OraSure s stock price; uncertainty relating to patent protection
and potential patent infringement claims; uncertainty and costs of litigation relating to patents and other intellectual property; availability of licenses to patents or other technology; ability to enter into international manufacturing agreements;
obstacles to international marketing and manufacturing of products; ability to sell products internationally, including the impact of changes in international funding sources and testing algorithms; adverse movements in foreign currency exchange
rates; loss or impairment of sources of capital; ability to meet financial covenants in credit agreements; ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; exposure to product liability and other types of litigation; changes in international,
federal or state laws and regulations; customer consolidations and inventory practices; equipment failures and ability to obtain needed raw materials and components; the impact of terrorist attacks and civil unrest; and general political, business
and economic conditions. These and other factors are discussed more fully in our Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings, including our registration statements, Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the SEC. Although forward-looking statements help to provide information about future prospects, readers should keep in mind that forward-looking statements may not be reliable. The
forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Report, and we undertake no duty to update these statements.      Investors should also be
aware that while we do, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts, it is against our policy to disclose any material non-public information or other confidential commercial information. Accordingly, stockholders should not assume that
we agree with any statement or report issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. Furthermore, we have a policy against issuing or confirming financial forecasts or projections issued by others. Thus, to the extent
that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not the responsibility of OraSure.   
      -18-  

Table of Contents  

  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements contained
herein and the notes thereto, along with the Section entitled  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates,  set forth below.     Overview
    We develop, manufacture, market and sell diagnostic products and specimen collection devices using our proprietary technologies, as well as other
diagnostic products, including immunoassays and other  in vitro  diagnostic tests that are used on other specimen types. Our diagnostic products include tests that are performed on a rapid basis at the point-of-care, tests that are processed in
a laboratory, and a rapid point-of-care HIV test approved for use in the domestic consumer retail or over-the-counter ( OTC ) market. We also manufacture and sell collection devices used to collect, stabilize, transport and store samples
of genetic material for molecular testing in the consumer genetic, clinical genetic, academic research, pharmacogenomic, personalized medicine, microbiome and animal genetic markets. Lastly, we manufacture and sell medical devices used for the
removal of benign skin lesions by cryosurgery, or freezing. Our products are sold in the United States and internationally to various clinical laboratories, hospitals, clinics, community-based organizations, public health organizations, research and
academic institutions, distributors, government agencies, physicians  offices, commercial and industrial entities, retail pharmacies and mass merchandisers, and to consumers over the internet.  
  Recent Developments      Rapid Zika Test   
 In August 2016, we were awarded a contract for up to $16.6 million in total funding from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of the
Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response s Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority ( BARDA ) related to our rapid Zika test. The six-year, multi-phased contract includes an initial commitment of $7.0 million
and options for up to an additional $9.6 million to fund the evaluation of additional product enhancements, and clinical and regulatory activities. Funding received under this contract is recorded as other revenue in our consolidated statement of
operations as the activities are performed and the related costs are incurred.     Restructuring   
 During 2016, the Company updated its long-term business strategy and reaffirmed the Company s focus on its infectious disease testing and molecular
collection systems businesses as the primary drivers of long-term growth and profitability. As part of this project, a restructuring plan was developed to better align resources in the United States and Canada. As a result of this
restructuring, which was finalized and presented to our employees in the fourth quarter of 2016, we will accrue $1.4 million in restructuring charges which largely consist of workforce reduction costs, including severance and related benefits.  
  Current Consolidated Financial Results     During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, our consolidated net revenues were $92.7 million, compared to $87.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net product revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased
3% when compared to the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to higher international sales of our professional OraQuick    HIV product and higher sales of our OraQuick    HCV, molecular collection systems and cryosurgical systems products, partially offset by lower domestic sales of our OraQuick    HIV product
and the absence of sales of our OraQuick    Ebola product in the current period. Other revenues for the first nine months of 2016 were $14.4 million, of which $12.8 million represents the
ratable recognition of payments for exclusive co-promotion rights and certain services provided under our HCV co-promotion agreement with AbbVie and $1.6 million represents revenue recognized in connection with funding received from BARDA for our
Ebola and Zika products.    Our consolidated net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $12.5 million, or $0.22 per share on a
fully-diluted basis, compared to consolidated net income of $3.6 million, or $0.06 per share on a fully-diluted basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
      -19-  

Table of Contents  

  Cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $23.4 million,
compared to $15.1 million provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, we had $121.2 million in cash (including restricted cash), cash equivalents, and short-term investments
compared to $101.3 million at December 31, 2015.      Business Segments    
 We operate our business within two reportable segments: our  OSUR  business, which consists of the development, manufacture and sale of diagnostic
products, specimen collection devices, and medical devices, and our  DNAG  or molecular collection systems business, which consists primarily of the development, manufacture and sale of oral fluid collection devices that are used to
collect, stabilize, transport, and store samples of genetic material for molecular testing. OSUR revenues are derived primarily from products sold into the United States and internationally to various clinical laboratories, hospitals, clinics,
community-based organizations, public health organizations, distributors, government agencies, physicians  offices, commercial and industrial entities, retail pharmacies, mass merchandisers and consumers over the internet. DNAG revenues result
from products sold into the commercial market, which consists of customers engaged in consumer genetics, clinical genetic testing, pharmacogenomics, personalized medicine, microbiome and animal genetic testing, as well as products sold into the
academic research market which consists of research laboratories, universities and hospitals.     Results of Operations   
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015   
  CONSOLIDATED NET REVENUES     The table
below shows a breakdown of total net revenues (dollars in thousands) generated by each of our business segments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      
   Consolidated net product revenues decreased 1% to $25.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $25.7 million in the
comparable period of 2015. The absence of sales of our OraQuick    Ebola rapid antigen test, lower domestic sales of our OraQuick    HCV
and HIV products, and lower sales of our cryosurgical systems and risk assessment products during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, were partially offset by higher sales of
our molecular collection systems products and increased international sales of our OraQuick    HIV and HCV products. Other revenues in the third quarter of 2016 increased 64% to $6.8 million
compared to $4.1 million during the third quarter of 2015, largely due to higher exclusivity revenue recognized under our HCV co-promotion agreement with AbbVie.  
 Consolidated net revenues derived from products sold to customers outside of the United States were $5.9 million and $5.6 million, or 18% and 19% of total net
revenues, in the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Because the majority of our international sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, the impact of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates was not material to our total net revenues.
 
      -20-  

Table of Contents  

    Net Revenues by Segment    
   OSUR Segment      The table below shows
a breakdown of total net revenues (dollars in thousands) generated by our OSUR segment.      
    Infectious Disease Testing Market   
 Sales to the infectious disease testing market decreased 8% to $10.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $11.3 million in the third quarter of 2015. The
absence of sales of our OraQuick    Ebola rapid antigen test and lower domestic sales of our OraQuick    HIV and HCV tests during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 contributed to the decline in infectious disease testing revenues. Third quarter 2015 revenues included $482,000 in sales of our OraQuick    Ebola rapid
antigen test to the CDC for field testing in Africa. There were no similar sales of this product in the third quarter of 2016. The decreases in sales of our domestic HIV and HCV products in the third quarter of 2016 were partially offset by higher
sales of our OraQuick    HIV and HCV products internationally.    The table below shows a breakdown
of our total net OraQuick    HIV and HCV product revenues (dollars in thousands) during the third quarters of 2016 and 2015.  
   
   Domestic OraQuick    HIV sales decreased 12% to $4.9 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 from $5.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily the result of customer ordering patterns and continued price and product competition. We anticipate that
future domestic sales of our professional HIV product  
      -21-  

Table of Contents  

will continue to be negatively affected as a result of CDC testing guidelines recommending the use of competing fourth generation automated HIV immunoassays performed in a laboratory, changes in
government funding and continued product and price competition. International sales of our OraQuick    HIV test during the third quarter of 2016 rose 147% to $1.1 million from $450,000 in the
third quarter of 2015. This increase was largely due to higher sales in Africa as a result of the timing of orders and the implementation of a new testing program.  
 Sales of our OraQuick    In-Home HIV test decreased 20% to $1.3 million in the third quarter of 2016
from $1.6 million in the third quarter of 2015. Over-the-counter sales declined as a result of a buildup of inventory at retailers early in the third quarter of 2015 in advance of a price increase implemented on August 1, 2015. In addition,
consumer purchases were down due to reduced promotions during the third quarter of 2016.    Domestic
OraQuick    HCV sales decreased 20% to $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $1.9 million in the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to customer ordering patterns and a reduction in
funding of certain projects. International OraQuick    HCV sales increased 35% to $1.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $957,000 in the third quarter of 2015, largely due to the
expansion of our business in Asia, higher sales to a multi-national humanitarian organization primarily resulting from the timing of order placement by this organization, and a new testing program in Africa. Sales to the multi-national humanitarian
organization can be variable, are influenced by its worldwide field activities, and therefore are difficult to predict.    We believe our OraQuick    HCV product represents an opportunity for future sales growth given the FDA approval of several new drug therapies for treating HCV. However, demand for our HCV product, particularly in the
public health marketplace, may be somewhat tempered by the limited availability of government funding allocated to HCV testing efforts and the time and effort required to build awareness and demand for rapid HCV testing. Sales to physicians can also
be adversely affected by the level of reimbursement available from insurance providers and competition from laboratory-based HCV tests. These and other factors could limit the future growth of our HCV business.  
 International orders for both our HIV and HCV products can be sporadic in nature and are often predicated upon the availability of governmental funding, the
impact of competition and other factors. As such, there is no assurance that such sales will continue at the same levels in future periods.     Risk
Assessment Market     Commencing in 2016, we have combined the former substance abuse testing market and insurance risk assessment market categories under
a single category referred to as the  risk assessment market.  We combined revenues for these markets because they are similar in nature and testing modalities. Revenues for 2015 have been combined in a similar manner for presentation
purposes.    Sales to the risk assessment market decreased 4% to $3.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $3.6 million in the third quarter of 2015,
primarily as a result of a decline in sales of our Q.E.D    alcohol test and our Intercept    drug testing system in the workplace testing
market, partially offset by higher sales of Intercept    in the criminal justice market.  
  Cryosurgical Systems Market     Sales of our cryosurgical
systems products (which includes sales in both the physicians  office and OTC markets) decreased 6% to $3.2 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $3.5 million in the third quarter of 2015.  
 The table below shows a breakdown of our total net cryosurgical systems revenues (dollars in thousands) generated in each market during the third quarters of
2016 and 2015.  
      -22-  

Table of Contents  

Sales of our Histofreezer    product to physicians  offices in the
United States decreased 9% to $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $1.6 million in the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to distributor ordering patterns. International sales of
Histofreezer    decreased to $162,000 in the third quarter of 2016 from $258,000 in the same period of the prior year largely due to lower sales into Asia, partially offset by higher sales into
Europe.    Sales of our private-label wart removal product in the U.S. retail market increased to $339,000 in the third quarter of 2016 from $137,000 in the
third quarter of 2015 due to the launch of private-label products in two additional large pharmacy chains earlier this year.    Sales of our international
OTC cryosurgical products during the third quarter of 2016 decreased 12% to $1.3 million compared to $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2015, largely due to lower sales into Europe.  
  Other revenues     Other revenues in the third quarter of
2016 increased 64% to $6.8 million from $4.1 million in the third quarter of 2015.    AbbVie exclusivity revenues increased 80% to $6.1 million in the third
quarter of 2016 from $3.4 million in the third quarter of 2015 due to the early termination of our co-promotion agreement with AbbVie which we agreed to as of June 30, 2016. The agreement will now end on December 31, 2016, and as a result
of the shortened term, the remaining associated deferred revenues which existed as of June 30, 2016 are being recognized ratably as revenue over the remaining months of 2016. Following the termination of our HCV co-promotion agreement on
December 31, 2016, AbbVie will have no further financial obligations to us. Funding from BARDA remained relatively consistent at $677,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $750,000 in the third quarter of 2015.  
   DNAG Segment       Molecular
Collection Systems     Net molecular collection systems revenues increased 14% to $8.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $7.3 million in the third
quarter of 2015. Sales of our Oragene    product in the commercial market rose 22% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily as a result of the timing of
purchases by one of our larger U.S. customers. Sales of our Oragene    product in the academic market decreased 12% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, largely
due to ordering patterns of existing customers partially offset by the shipment of product to support a study on autism which commenced in 2016. The higher revenues in the third quarter of 2016 also included $362,000 in sales of our microbiome
product compared to $137,000 in the same period of 2015. We believe interest in our microbiome product offering continues to grow with both new and existing customers.  
      -23-  

Table of Contents  

   CONSOLIDATED OPERATING RESULTS   
 Consolidated gross margin was 70% for the third quarter of 2016 compared to 69% for the third quarter of 2015. Gross margin for the third quarter of 2016
increased primarily due to higher AbbVie exclusivity revenues in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015, partially offset by a less favorable product mix.  
 Consolidated operating income for the third quarter of 2016 was $6.1 million, a $4.6 million improvement from $1.5 million of operating income reported in the
third quarter of 2015. The operating income for the third quarter of 2016 benefited from the increased AbbVie exclusivity revenues and lower sales and marketing costs.  
  OPERATING INCOME BY SEGMENT   
   OSUR Segment      OSUR s gross
margin was 71% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 69% in the third quarter of 2015. OSUR s gross margin in the third quarter of 2016 was positively impacted by the increase in other revenues, partially offset by an unfavorable product mix
related to higher international sales.    Research and development expenses increased 14% to $2.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $2.0 million in
the third quarter of 2015, largely due to higher supply costs associated with the development of our Ebola and Zika products. Sales and marketing expenses decreased 40% to $4.7 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $7.7 million in the third
quarter of 2015. This decrease was primarily the result of lower detailing and other expenses associated with our OraQuick    HCV co-promotion agreement with AbbVie. General and administrative
expenses increased 10% to $5.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $5.0 million in the third quarter of 2015 due to increased staffing and consulting costs partially offset by a decline in legal expense.  
 All of the above contributed to OSUR s third quarter 2016 operating income of $4.6 million, which included non-cash charges of $688,000 for depreciation
and amortization and $1.4 million for stock-based compensation.      DNAG Segment    
 DNAG s gross margin was 69% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 71% in the third quarter of 2015. This decline was attributable to an increase in
lower margin sales experienced in the third quarter of 2016 when compared to the third quarter of 2015.    Research and development expenses increased 71%
to $924,000 in the third quarter of 2016 from $542,000 in the third quarter of 2015, largely due to additional costs associated with field studies required to achieve World Health Organization ( WHO ) endorsement of our OMNIgene      Sputum product for tuberculosis. Sales and marketing expenses decreased 10% to $1.8 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $1.9 million in the third quarter of 2015 due to a decline in
the allowance for uncollectible accounts and lower commission costs. General and administrative expenses decreased 24% to $1.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $1.9 million in the third quarter of 2015 primarily due lower legal,
staffing, and property maintenance costs.    All of the above contributed to DNAG s third quarter 2016 operating income of $1.6 million, which included
non-cash charges of $746,000 for depreciation and amortization and $134,000 for stock-based compensation.     CONSOLIDATED INCOME TAXES
    We continue to believe the full valuation allowance established in 2008 against OSUR s total U.S. deferred tax asset is appropriate as the facts
and circumstances necessitating the allowance have not changed. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, state income tax expense of $200,000 was recorded compared to $0 in the three months ended September 30, 2015. Canadian income
tax expense of $200,000 and $147,000 was recorded in the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      -24-  

Table of Contents  

   Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015   
  CONSOLIDATED NET REVENUES     The table
below shows a breakdown of total net revenues (dollars in thousands) generated by each of our business segments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      
   Consolidated net product revenues increased 3% to $78.3 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $75.8 million in the
comparable period of 2015. Higher international sales of our OraQuick    HIV and HCV products and higher sales of our molecular collection systems and cryosurgical systems products in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were partially offset by lower domestic sales of our OraQuick    HIV product, lower sales of our risk assessment products, and the absence of sales of our
OraQuick    Ebola Rapid Antigen test in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Other revenues in the first nine months of 2016 increased 25% to $14.4 million from $11.5 million in the
first nine months of 2015 largely due to higher exclusivity revenue recognized under our HCV co-promotion agreement with AbbVie.    Consolidated net
revenues derived from products sold to customers outside of the United States were $20.2 million and $17.6 million, or 22% and 20% of total net revenues, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Because the
majority of our international sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, the impact of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates was not material to our total net revenues.  
   Net Revenues by Segment    
   OSUR Segment      The table below shows
a breakdown of total net revenues (dollars in thousands) generated by our OSUR segment.      
 
      -25-  

Table of Contents  

   Infectious Disease Testing Market   
 Sales to the infectious disease testing market remained relatively consistent at $34.7 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $34.6 million in
the first nine months of 2015. Increased sales of our OraQuick    HCV tests into the domestic and international markets and higher international sales of our OraQuick    HIV tests were partially offset by lower sales of our OraQuick    HIV test domestically and the absence of sales of our OraQuick    Ebola Rapid Antigen test during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Revenues for the first nine months of 2015 included $1.2 million in sales of our OraQuick    Ebola rapid antigen test to the CDC for field testing in Africa. There were no similar sales of this product in 2016.  
 The table below shows a breakdown of our total net OraQuick    HIV and HCV product revenues (dollars in
thousands) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      
   Domestic OraQuick    HIV sales decreased 9% to $16.4 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $18.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily the result of the continued loss of sales to competing fourth generation automated HIV immunoassays performed
in a laboratory, as recommended under testing guidelines issued by the CDC, the loss of sales to point-of-care HIV tests perceived to be more sensitive, and reduced program funding. We anticipate that future sales of our professional HIV product
will continue to be negatively affected as a result of the CDC s testing guidelines, changes in government funding and continued product and price competition. International sales of our
OraQuick    HIV test during the first nine months of 2016 increased 97% to $3.9 million from $2.0 million during the first nine months of 2015. This increase is largely due to the shipment of
product in support of a new HIV self-testing program in Africa coupled with higher sales in Europe as a result of the addition of a new distributor in Russia, and increased sales in Asia due to a new military testing project.  
 Sales of our OraQuick    In-Home HIV test decreased 7% to $4.6 million for the first nine months of
2016 from $4.9 million for the first nine months of 2015. OTC sales declined primarily as a result of a reduction in promotions run in 2016 as compared to 2015.  
 Domestic OraQuick    HCV sales increased 9% to $5.2 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $4.8
million in the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to the expansion of existing HCV testing programs and the addition of new programs in the public health market. International OraQuick   
HCV sales increased 44% to $3.7 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $2.6 million in the first nine months of 2015, largely due to the expansion of our business in Asia, higher sales to a multi-national humanitarian organization primarily
resulting from the timing of order placement by this organization, and increased sales in Africa. Sales to the multi-national humanitarian organization can be variable, are influenced by its worldwide field activities, and therefore are difficult to
predict.  
      -26-  

Table of Contents  

  We believe our OraQuick    HCV product represents an
opportunity for future sales growth given the FDA approval of several new drug therapies for treating HCV. However, demand for our HCV product, particularly in the public health marketplace, may be somewhat tempered by the limited availability of
government funding allocated to HCV testing efforts and the time and effort required to build awareness and demand for rapid HCV testing. Sales to physicians can also be adversely affected by the level of reimbursement available from insurance
providers and competition from laboratory-based HCV tests. These and other factors could limit the future growth of our HCV business.    International
orders for both our HIV and HCV products can be sporadic in nature and are often predicated upon the availability of governmental funding, the impact of competition and other factors. As such, there is no assurance that such sales will continue at
the same levels in future periods.     Risk Assessment Market   
 Commencing in 2016, we have combined the former substance abuse testing market and insurance risk assessment market categories under a single category referred
to as the  risk assessment market.  We combined revenues for these markets because they are similar in nature and testing modalities. Revenues for 2015 have been combined in a similar manner for presentation purposes.  
 Sales to the risk assessment market decreased 4% to $9.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $10.1 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of a decline in sales of our OraSure    oral fluid collection device into the domestic life insurance market.  
  Cryosurgical Systems Market     Sales of our cryosurgical
systems products (which includes sales in both the physicians  office and OTC markets) increased 13% to $10.2 million in the first nine months of 2016, compared to $8.9 million in the same period of the prior year.  
 The table below shows a breakdown of our total net cryosurgical systems revenues (dollars in thousands) generated in each market during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015.      
   Sales of our Histofreezer    product to physicians  offices in the
United States increased 27% to $4.2 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $3.3 million in the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to the recovery of business previously lost to competition from private label brands, as well the
initiation of a distributor expansion strategy. International sales of Histofreezer    decreased 20% to $607,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $757,000 in the same period
of the prior year, primarily due to lower sales in Asia.    Sales of our private-label wart removal product in the U.S. retail market increased to $1.1
million in the first nine months of 2016 from $300,000 in the first nine months of 2015, due to the launch of private-label products in two additional large pharmacy chains earlier this year.  
      -27-  

Table of Contents  

  Sales of our international OTC cryosurgical products during the first nine months of 2016 decreased 6% to $4.3
million compared to $4.6 million in the first nine months of 2015, largely due to lower sales into Europe partially offset by higher sales in Latin America.  
  Other revenues     Other revenues in the first nine months
of 2016 increased 25% to $14.4 million from $11.5 million in the first nine months of 2015.    AbbVie exclusivity revenues increased 27% to $12.8 million in
the first nine months of 2016 from $10.0 million in the first nine months of 2015 due to the early termination of our co-promotion agreement with AbbVie which we agreed to as of June 30, 2016. The agreement will now end on December 31,
2016, and as a result of the shortened term the remaining associated deferred revenues balances which existed as of June 30, 2016 are being recognized ratably into revenue over the remaining months of 2016. Following the termination of our HCV
co-promotion agreement with AbbVie on December 31, 2016, AbbVie will have no further financial obligations to us. Funding from BARDA remained relatively unchanged at $1.6 million in the first nine-months of 2016 compared to $1.5 million in the
first nine months of 2015.      DNAG Segment    
  Molecular Collection Systems     Net molecular collection
systems revenues increased 7% to $23.6 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $22.1 million in the first nine months of 2015. Sales of our Oragene    product in the academic market rose
6% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, due to the shipment of product to support a study on the epidemiology of aging and a study on autism partially offset by the impact of ordering patterns by other
customers. Sales of our Oragene    product in the commercial market increased 4% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, primarily as a result of the ordering
patterns of one of our larger U.S. commercial customers and sales to new customers, partially offset by the loss of two U.S. customers that filed for bankruptcy protection. These customers contributed approximately $2.9 million in sales during the
first nine months of 2015. The Company has no unreserved collection exposure related to these two customers. Sales in the first nine months of 2016 also included $742,000 in sales of our microbiome product compared to $258,000 in the same period of
2015. We believe interest in our microbiome product offering continues to grow with both new and existing customers.     CONSOLIDATED
OPERATING RESULTS     Consolidated gross margin was 69% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 67% for the first nine months of 2015. Gross margin
for 2016 increased primarily due to lower scrap and spoilage expenses and higher AbbVie exclusivity revenues, partially offset by an unfavorable product mix.  
 Consolidated operating income for the first nine months of 2016 was $13.2 million, a $9.2 million increase from the $4.0 million of operating income reported
in the first nine months of 2015. The current period operating income benefited from higher revenues, improved gross margins and lower sales and marketing and research and development costs, partially offset by higher general and administrative
expenses.     OPERATING INCOME BY SEGMENT   
   OSUR Segment      OSUR s gross
margin was 69% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 65% in the first nine months of 2015. OSUR s gross margin in 2016 was positively impacted by lower scrap and spoilage costs and higher AbbVie exclusivity revenues.  
      -28-  

Table of Contents  

  Research and development expenses decreased 9% to $6.4 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $7.0 million
in the first nine months of 2015. During the first quarter of 2015, we conducted clinical studies related to the development of our fully-automated high-throughput drugs-of-abuse assays. In addition, we incurred certain program expenses related to
the co-development agreement for these assays. These costs did not recur in 2016 and were partially offset by the additional costs associated with hiring our new Senior Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Science Officer and increased
lab supply expenses associated with the development of our Zika and Ebola products. Sales and marketing expenses decreased 22% to $16.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $20.7 million in the first nine months of 2015. This decrease was
primarily the result of lower detailing and other expenses associated with our OraQuick    HCV co-promotion agreement with AbbVie as well as lower staffing costs. General and administrative
expenses increased 7% to $16.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $15.0 million in the first nine months of 2015 largely due to higher consulting and staffing expenses, partially offset by a decrease in legal costs.  
 All of the above contributed to OSUR s operating income of $9.1 million for the first nine months of 2016, which included non-cash charges of $2.0
million for depreciation and amortization and $4.0 million for stock-based compensation.      DNAG Segment    
 DNAG s gross margin was 70% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 71% in the first nine months of 2015. This decline was attributable to an
increase in lower margin sales experienced in the first nine months of 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015.    Research and development expenses
increased 11% to $2.2 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $1.9 million in the first nine months of 2015 largely due to higher costs associated with field studies required to achieve WHO endorsement of our OMNIgene      Sputum product for tuberculosis. Sales and marketing expenses also increased 11% to $6.4 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $5.8 million in the first nine months of 2015 due to
higher staffing costs and an increase in our allowance for uncollectible accounts. General and administrative expenses decreased 3% to $3.8 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $3.9 million in the first nine months of 2015 largely
due to lower staffing and property costs, partially offset by an increase in legal expenses.    All of the above contributed to DNAG s operating income
of $4.1 million for the first nine months of 2016, which included non-cash charges of $2.2 million for depreciation and amortization and $399,000 for stock-based compensation.  
  CONSOLIDATED INCOME TAXES     We continue to
believe the full valuation allowance established in 2008 against OSUR s total U.S. deferred tax asset is appropriate as the facts and circumstances necessitating the allowance have not changed. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
state income tax expense of $250,000 was recorded compared to $0 in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Canadian income tax expense of $384,000 and $810,000 was recorded in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources       
 
      -29-  

Table of Contents  

  Our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances increased to $119.3 million at September 30,
2016 from $101.3 million at December 31, 2015. Our working capital increased to $128.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $111.5 million at December 31, 2015.  
 During the first nine months of 2016, we generated $23.4 million in cash from operating activities. Our net income of $12.5 million benefitted from non-cash
stock-based compensation expense of $4.4 million and depreciation and amortization expense of $4.2 million. Additional sources of cash included a decrease in accounts receivable of $3.8 million resulting from the collection of outstanding balances
due at the end of 2015, a decrease in inventory balances of $1.2 million largely related to lower raw material costs, and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of $1.2 million largely associated with the new Canadian office building lease.
Uses of cash in operating activities during the period included an increase in our restricted cash balance of $1.8 million associated with the purchase of certificates of deposit to collateralize standby letters of credit, a decrease in deferred
revenues of $1.8 million related to the ratable recognition into revenue of previously deferred exclusivity payments received from AbbVie, and a decrease in accounts payable.  
 Net cash used in investing activities was $3.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which reflects $22.9 million used to purchase
short-term investments and $3.5 million to acquire property and equipment, partially offset by $22.9 million in proceeds from the maturities of short-term investments.  
 Net cash used in financing activities was $2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which resulted from the use of $2.7 million to
repurchase shares under our previously authorized stock repurchase plan, $651,000 used for the repurchase of common stock to satisfy withholding taxes related to the vesting of restricted shares, and $367,000 paid for debt issue costs associated
with our new credit facility, partially offset by $894,000 in proceeds received from the exercise of stock options.    On September 30, 2016, we
entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The Credit Agreement provides for revolving extensions of credit in an initial aggregate amount of up to $10,000,000 (inclusive of a
letter of credit subfacility of $2,500,000), with an option to request, prior to the second anniversary of the closing date, that lenders, at their election, provide up to $5,000,000 of additional revolving commitments. Obligations under the Credit
Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in certain eligible accounts receivable, 65% of the equity of our subsidiary, DNAG, and certain related assets. There were no borrowings outstanding at September 30, 2016.  
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are subject to compliance with borrowing base limitations tied to eligibility of accounts receivable. Interest under the
Credit Agreement is payable at the London Interbank Offered Rate for one, two, three or six-month loans, as selected by the Company, plus 2.50% per annum. The Credit Agreement will be subject to an unused line fee of 0.375% per annum on
the unused portion of the commitment under the Credit Agreement during the revolving period. The maturity date of the Credit Agreement is September 30, 2019.  
 In connection with the Credit Agreement, under certain circumstances, we must comply with a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.10 to 1.00, measured as
of the last day of each fiscal month and for the twelve-fiscal month period ending on such date. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Credit Agreement.  
 Our current cash and cash equivalents balance and available borrowing capacity is expected to be sufficient to fund our current operating and capital needs
for the foreseeable future. Our cash requirements, however, may vary materially from those now planned due to many factors, including, but not limited to, the scope and timing of future strategic acquisitions, the progress of our research and
development programs, the scope and results of clinical testing, the cost of litigation, the magnitude of capital expenditures, changes in existing and potential relationships with business partners, the timing and cost of obtaining regulatory
approvals, the costs involved in obtaining and enforcing patents, proprietary rights and any necessary licenses, the cost and timing of expansion of sales and marketing activities, market acceptance of new products, competing technological and
market developments, the impact of the current economic environment and other factors.  
      -30-  

Table of Contents  

   Summary of Contractual Obligations   
 A summary of our obligations to make future payments under contracts existing at December 31, 2015 is included in Item 7, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, except for our new Credit Agreement, there were no significant
changes to this information, including the absence of any off-balance sheet arrangements.     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses our consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our judgments and
estimates, including those related to the valuation of accounts receivable, inventories and intangible assets, as well as calculations related to contingencies and accruals. We base our judgments and estimates on historical experience and on various
other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.    A more detailed review of our critical accounting policies is contained in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC. During the first nine months of 2016, there were no material changes in our critical accounting policies.  

Item 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       We do not hold any amounts of derivative
financial instruments or derivative commodity instruments and, accordingly, we have no material derivative risk to report under this Item.    As of
September 30, 2016, we did not have any foreign currency exchange contracts or purchase currency options to hedge local currency cash flows. Sales denominated in foreign currencies comprised 5.1% of our total revenues for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. We do have foreign currency exchange risk related to our operating subsidiary in Canada. While the majority of this subsidiary s revenues are recorded in U.S. dollars, almost all of this subsidiary s operating
expenses are denominated in Canadian dollars. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar could affect year-to-year comparability of operating results and cash flows. Our Canadian subsidiary had net assets,
subject to translation, of $61.4 million CDN ($46.8 million USD), which are included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. A 10% unfavorable change in the Canadian-to-U.S. dollar exchange rate would have
decreased our comprehensive income by $4.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      

Item 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES       (a)  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . The Company s
management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including such officers, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
September 30, 2016 to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 was accumulated and communicated to the
Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the
rules and forms of the SEC.  
      -31-  

Table of Contents  

  (b)  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . There was no change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
 
      -32-  

Table of Contents  

   PART II. OTHER INFORMATION       

Item 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       From time to time, we are involved in certain legal actions arising in the ordinary
course of business. In management s opinion, based upon the advice of counsel, the outcomes of such actions are not expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our future financial position or results of
operations.    In May 2015, our subsidiary DNAG filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware against Ancestry.com DNA
LLC ( Ancestry ) relating to the manufacture and sale by Ancestry of its oral fluid DNA collection device (the  Ancestry Device ). Ancestry previously purchased DNAG s patented oral fluid DNA collection
devices. The complaint alleges that the manufacture and sale by Ancestry of the Ancestry Device infringes U.S. Patent No. 8,221,381 B2, which is owned by DNAG. In addition, the complaint alleges that Ancestry has breached the terms of
agreements under which Ancestry previously purchased DNAG products. The complaint also includes an action to quiet title to the Ancestry Device and related patent applications. DNAG is requesting the court to grant injunctive relief and
damages. Ancestry has filed counterclaims seeking a declaration of non-infringement, invalidity, and to quiet title to its patent applications. The case is currently in the discovery stage. DNAG amended its complaint to add Lanham Act claims
against Ancestry, alleging that Ancestry falsely labeled the Ancestry Device as being  Made in the USA.     On October 20, 2015, Ancestry
filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) a Petition for  Inter Partes  Review ( IPR ) of some, but not all, claims of U.S. Patent No. 8,221,381 B2. On April 8, 2016, the USPTO instituted
an IPR of some, but not all of the claims raised in Ancestry s petition. A final decision from the USPTO is expected in April 2017. On June 3, 2016, Ancestry filed a second Petition for IPR of some, but not all, claims of U.S. Patent
No. 8,221,381 B2. The USPTO has not yet decided whether to institute the second IPR.   In July 2015, DNAG filed a complaint in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware against Spectrum DNA, Spectrum Solutions L.L.C. and Spectrum Packaging L.L.C. (collectively  Spectrum ) relating to the manufacture and sale by Spectrum of an oral fluid DNA collection device
(the  Spectrum Device ). We believe the Spectrum Device is the same as the Ancestry device mentioned above and that Spectrum is the manufacturer of the Ancestry Device for Ancestry. The complaint alleges that the manufacture and sale by
Spectrum of the Spectrum Device infringes U.S. patent number 8,221,381 B-2, which is owned by DNAG. DNAG is requesting the court to grant injunctive relief and damages. Spectrum alleges that the Delaware District Court lacks jurisdiction over
Spectrum. The Court is now considering a fully-briefed motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction.    On June 20, 2016, DNAG filed a
complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California against Spectrum relating to the manufacture and sale of the Spectrum Device. The complaint alleges that the manufacture and sale by Spectrum of the Spectrum
Device infringes U.S. Patent No. 9,207,164, which is owned by DNAG. DNAG is requesting the court to grant injunctive relief and damages. On June 21, 2016, DNAG filed a motion for preliminary injunction. On July 21,
2016, Spectrum filed a motion to stay the case pending resolution by the PTO of an Petition for IPR of U.S. Patent No. 9,207,164, which was filed by Ancestry in July 2016. The USPTO has not yet decided whether to institute the IPR. On
October 6, 2016, the Court issued an order denying DNAG s motion for preliminary injunction and on October 7, 2016, the Court issued an order staying the case pending resolution of the IPR of U.S. Patent No. 9,207,164.  

Item 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       There have been no material changes to the factors disclosed in Item 1A., entitled
 Risk Factors,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      -33-  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS       None  

Item 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not applicable  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       None  

Item 6.  
  EXHIBITS       Exhibits are listed on the Exhibit Index following the signature page of this
Report.  
      -34-  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

/s/ Ronald H. Spair    
 
 Date: November 8, 2016 

Ronald H. Spair  

Chief Operating Officer and  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)   

/s/ Mark L. Kuna    
 
 Date: November 8, 2016 

Mark L. Kuna  

Senior Vice President, Finance and Controller  

(Principal Accounting Officer)   
 
      -35-  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       
     
      -36-  

<EX-10>
 2
 d281107dex10.htm
 EX-10

EX-10 

Exhibit 10       

CREDIT AGREEMENT      
  by and among      
  WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,      
  as Administrative Agent,      
  WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION      
  and      
  THE LENDERS THAT ARE PARTIES HERETO      
  as the Lenders,      
  ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,      
  as Borrower      
  Dated as of September 30, 2016   

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

i  

ii  

iii  

iv  

v  

EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES   

Exhibit  A-1 
    
 Form of Assignment and Acceptance  
 
  Exhibit  B-1 
    
 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate  
 
  Exhibit  C-1 
    
 Form of Compliance Certificate  
 
  Exhibit  L-1 
    
 Form of LIBOR Notice  
 
  Exhibit  P-1 
    
 Form of Perfection Certificate  

Schedule  A-1 
    
 Agent s Account  
 
  Schedule  A-2 
    
 Authorized Persons  
 
  Schedule  C-1 
    
 Commitments  
 
  Schedule  D-1 
    
 Designated Account  
 
  Schedule  E-1 
    
 Historical EBITDA Numbers  
 
  Schedule  P-1 
    
 Permitted Indebtedness  
 
  Schedule  P-2 
    
 Permitted Investments  
 
  Schedule  P-3 
    
 Permitted Liens  
 
  Schedule  3.1 
    
 Conditions Precedent  
 
  Schedule  3.6 
    
 Conditions Subsequent  
 
  Schedule  4.1(b) 
    
 Capitalization of Borrowers  
 
  Schedule  4.1(c) 
    
 Capitalization of Borrowers  Subsidiaries  
 
  Schedule  4.1(d) 
    
 Subscriptions, Options, Warrants, Calls  
 
  Schedule  4.6(b) 
    
 Litigation  
 
  Schedule  4.11 
    
 Environmental Matters  
 
  Schedule  4.14 
    
 Permitted Indebtedness  
 
  Schedule  5.1 
    
 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates  
 
  Schedule  5.2 
    
 Collateral Reporting  
 
      vi  

CREDIT AGREEMENT   
  THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT  (this   Agreement  ), is entered into as of September 30, 2016, by and among the lenders
identified on the signature pages hereof (each of such lenders, together with its successors and permitted assigns, is referred to hereinafter as a   Lender  , as that term is hereinafter further defined),  WELLS FARGO BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association, as administrative agent for each member of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity,
  Agent  ),  ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation (  OraSure  ), and those additional Persons that are joined as a party hereto by executing Additional Documents pursuant to  Section 5.12 
hereof (together with OraSure, referred to hereinafter each individually as a   Borrower  , and individually and collectively, jointly and severally, as the   Borrowers  ).  
 The parties agree as follows:      

1.  
  DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.       1.1   Definitions  . Capitalized terms used in
this Agreement shall have the meanings specified therefor on  Schedule 1.1 .    1.2   Accounting Terms  . All accounting
terms not specifically defined herein, and all accounting determinations required to be made hereunder, in each case shall be construed or made in accordance with GAAP (as in effect on the date on which such term is construed, such determination is
made or any financial statement including such term or determination is prepared);  provided , that if Borrowers notify Agent that Borrowers request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any Accounting Change occurring
after the Closing Date or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if Agent notifies Borrowers that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice
is given before or after such Accounting Change or in the application thereof, then Agent and Borrowers agree that they will negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that are directly affected by such Accounting Change
with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and Borrowers after such Accounting Change conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the date of this Agreement and, until any such amendments have been agreed
upon and agreed to by the Required Lenders, the provisions in this Agreement shall be calculated as if no such Accounting Change had occurred. When used herein, the term  financial statements  shall include the notes and schedules thereto.
Whenever the term  Borrowers  is used in respect of a financial covenant or a related definition, it shall be understood to mean Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, unless the context clearly requires otherwise.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (a) all financial statements delivered hereunder shall be prepared, and all financial covenants contained herein shall be calculated, without giving effect to any election under the
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 159 (or any similar accounting principle) permitting a Person to value its financial liabilities or Indebtedness at the fair value thereof, (b) the term  unqualified opinion  as
used herein to refer to opinions or reports provided by accountants shall mean an  

opinion or report that is not qualified as to scope or contain any going concern or other qualification (other than any qualification (i) relating to changes in accounting principles or
practices reflecting changes in GAAP and required or approved by such accountants or (ii) as a result of the impending Maturity Date) and (c) to the extent that any change in GAAP after the Closing Date results in any lease which is, or
would be, classified as an operating lease under GAAP as it exists on the Closing Date being classified as a capital lease under revised GAAP, such change in classification of leases from operating leases to capital leases shall be ignored for
purposes of this Agreement.    1.3   Code  . Any terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Code shall be construed and
defined as set forth in the Code unless otherwise defined herein;  provided , that to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein and such term is defined differently in different Articles of the Code, the definition of such term
contained in Article 9 of the Code shall govern.    1.4   Construction  . Unless the context of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, references to the plural include the singular, references to the singular include the plural, the terms  includes  and  including  are not limiting, and the term  or  has,
except where otherwise indicated, the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase  and/or.  The words  hereof,   herein,   hereby,   hereunder,  and similar terms in this Agreement or any other Loan
Document refer to this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as the case may be, as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as the case may be. Section, subsection, clause, schedule, and exhibit
references herein are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Any reference in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document to any agreement, instrument, or document shall include all alterations, amendments, restatements, changes, extensions,
modifications, renewals, replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements, thereto and thereof, as applicable (subject to any restrictions on such alterations, amendments, restatements, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals,
replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements set forth herein). The words  asset  and  property  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and
properties. Any reference herein or in any other Loan Document to the satisfaction, repayment, or payment (or paid) in full of the Obligations shall mean (a) the payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds of (i) the
outstanding principal amount of, and interest accrued and unpaid with respect to, all outstanding Loans, together with the payment of any premium applicable to the repayment of the Loans, (ii) all Lender Group Expenses required to be paid
hereunder that have accrued and are unpaid (other than unasserted contingent indemnification or unasserted expense reimbursement obligations), (iii) all fees or charges that have accrued hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including the
Letter of Credit Fee and the Unused Line Fee) and are unpaid, (b) in the case of contingent reimbursement obligations (other than unasserted contingent indemnification or unasserted expense reimbursement obligations) with respect to Letters of
Credit, providing Letter of Credit Collateralization, (c) in the case of obligations with respect to Bank Products (other than Hedge Obligations), providing Bank Product Collateralization (except as such Bank Products are allowed by the
applicable Bank Product Provider to remain outstanding without being required to be repaid or cash collateralized), (d) the receipt by Agent of cash collateral in order to secure any other contingent Obligations (other than unasserted
contingent indemnification or unasserted expense reimbursement obligations) for which a claim  
      2  

or demand for payment has been made in writing on or prior to such time or in respect of matters or circumstances known to Agent or a Lender at such time that are reasonably expected by Agent to
result in any loss, cost, damage, or expense (including attorneys  fees and legal expenses), such cash collateral to be in such amount as Agent reasonably determines is appropriate to secure such contingent Obligations, (e) the payment or
repayment in full in immediately available funds of all other outstanding Obligations (including the payment of any termination amount then applicable (or which would or could become applicable as a result of the repayment of the other Obligations)
under Hedge Agreements provided by Hedge Providers) other than (i) unasserted contingent indemnification or unasserted expense reimbursement obligations and (ii) any Hedge Obligations that, at such time, are allowed by the applicable Hedge
Provider to remain outstanding without being required to be repaid, and (f) the termination of all of the Commitments of the Lenders. Any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted
assigns. Any requirement of a writing contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall be satisfied by the transmission of a Record.  
 1.5   Time References  . Unless the context of this Agreement or any other Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, all references
to time of day refer to Pacific standard time or Pacific daylight saving time, as in effect in Los Angeles, California on such day. For purposes of the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word
 from  means  from and including  and the words  to  and  until  each means  to and including   provided  that, with respect to a computation of fees or interest payable to Agent or any Lender,
such period shall in any event consist of at least one full day.    1.6   Schedules and Exhibits  . All of the schedules and
exhibits attached to this Agreement shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference.      

2.  
  LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT.       2.1  Revolving Loans .  
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and during the term of this Agreement, each Revolving Lender agrees (severally, not
jointly or jointly and severally) to make revolving loans (  Revolving Loans  ) to Borrowers in an amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed  the lesser of:   
 (i) such Lender s Revolver Commitment, or  
 (ii) such Lender s Pro Rata Share (subject to  Section 2.3(c) ) of an amount equal to  the lesser of:   
 (A) the amount equal to (1) the Maximum Revolver Amount  less  (2) the sum of (y) the Letter of Credit Usage at such
time,  plus  (z) the principal amount of Swing Loans outstanding at such time, and    (B) the amount equal to (1) the
Borrowing Base as of such date (based upon the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by Borrowers to Agent)  less  the sum of (1) the Letter of Credit Usage at such time,  plus  (2) the principal amount of Swing Loans
outstanding at such time.  
      3  

(b) Amounts borrowed pursuant to this  Section 2.1  may be repaid and, subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, reborrowed at any time during the term of this Agreement. The outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans, together with interest accrued and unpaid thereon, shall constitute Obligations and shall be
due and payable on the Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they are declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  
 (c) Anything to the contrary in this  Section 2.1  notwithstanding, Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) at any time,
in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion, to establish and increase or decrease Reserves and Bank Product Reserves against the Borrowing Base or the Maximum Revolver Amount or to alter the eligibility criteria set forth in the definition of
 Eligible Accounts  provided, that if the establishment or increase in any such Reserve or such alteration of such eligibility criteria would cause an Overadvance after giving effect to the establishment or increase of such Reserve or
such alteration of such eligibility criteria, Agent shall notify Borrowers in writing of such establishment, increase or such alteration, as applicable, at least 3 Business Days prior to the date on which any such Reserve is to be established or
increased or such eligibility criteria is to be altered; provided further, that (A) no such prior notice shall be required for changes to the amount of existing Reserves resulting solely as a result of mathematical calculations of the amount
thereof in accordance with the applicable methodology of calculation set forth in this Agreement; (B) no such prior notices shall be required after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default; and (C) no
such prior notice shall be required with respect to any Reserve established in respect of any Lien that has priority over Agent s Liens on the Collateral. The amount of any Reserve or Bank Product Reserve established by Agent, and any changes
to the eligibility criteria set forth in the definition of  Eligible Accounts , shall have a reasonable relationship to the event, condition, other circumstance, or fact that is the basis for such reserve and shall not be duplicative of
any other reserve established and currently maintained. Upon notice of or establishment or increase in Reserves or alteration of the eligibility criteria set forth in the definition of  Eligible Accounts , Agent agrees to make itself
available to discuss the Reserve, increase or such alteration, as applicable, and Borrowers may take such action as may be required so that the event, condition, circumstance, or fact that is the basis for such reserve, increase or such alteration,
as applicable, no longer exists, in a manner and to the extent reasonably satisfactory to Agent in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion. In no event shall such notice and opportunity limit the right of Agent to establish or change such Reserve
or Bank Product Reserve, or to alter such eligibility criteria, unless Agent shall have determined, in its Permitted Discretion, that the event, condition, other circumstance, or fact that was the basis for such Reserve or Bank Product Reserve or
such change no longer exists or has otherwise been adequately addressed by Borrowers.    2.2   Intentionally Omitted   . 
        2.3   Borrowing Procedures and Settlements  .  
 (a)    Procedure for Borrowing Revolving Loans . Each Borrowing shall be made by a written request by an Authorized Person delivered
to Agent (which may be delivered through Agent s electronic platform or portal) and received by Agent no later than 11:00 a.m. (i) on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date in the case of a request for a Swing  
      4  

Loan, (ii) on the Business Day that is at least three (3) Business Days prior to the requested Funding Date in the case of all other requests, specifying (A) the amount of such
Borrowing, and (B) the requested Funding Date (which shall be a Business Day); provided, that Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to accept as timely requests that are received later than 11:00 a.m. on the applicable Business Day. All
Borrowing requests which are not made on-line via Agent s electronic platform or portal shall be subject to (and unless Agent elects otherwise in the exercise of its sole discretion, such Borrowings shall not be made until the completion of)
Agent s authentication process (with results satisfactory to Agent) prior to the funding of any such requested Borrowing.    (b)
 Making of Swing Loans . In the case of a request for a Revolving Loan and so long as either (i) the aggregate amount of Swing Loans made since the last Settlement Date,  minus  all payments or other amounts applied to Swing Loans
since the last Settlement Date, plus the amount of the requested Swing Loan does not exceed $3,000,000, or (ii) Swing Lender, in its sole discretion, agrees to make a Swing Loan notwithstanding the foregoing limitation, Swing Lender shall make
a Revolving Loan (any such Revolving Loan made by Swing Lender pursuant to this  Section 2.3(b)  being referred to as a   Swing Loan   and all such Revolving Loans being referred to as   Swing Loans  )
available to Borrowers on the Funding Date applicable thereto by transferring immediately available funds in the amount of such requested Borrowing to the Designated Account. Each Swing Loan shall be deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder and shall
be subject to all the terms and conditions (including  Section 3 ) applicable to other Revolving Loans, except that all payments (including interest) on any Swing Loan shall be payable to Swing Lender solely for its own account. Subject to
the provisions of  Section 2.3(d)(ii) , Swing Lender shall not make and shall not be obligated to make any Swing Loan if Swing Lender has actual knowledge that (i) one or more of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in
 Section 3  will not be satisfied on the requested Funding Date for the applicable Borrowing (unless such condition or conditions have been waived in writing in accordance with  Section 14.1) , or (ii) the requested
Borrowing would exceed the Availability on such Funding Date. Swing Lender shall not otherwise be required to determine whether the applicable conditions precedent set forth in  Section 3  have been satisfied on the Funding Date applicable
thereto prior to making any Swing Loan. The Swing Loans shall be secured by Agent s Liens, constitute Revolving Loans and Obligations, and bear interest at the rate applicable from time to time to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans.  
 (c)  Making of Revolving Loans .  
 (i) In the event that Swing Lender is not obligated to make (or does not make) a Swing Loan, then after receipt of a request for a Borrowing
pursuant to  Section 2.3(a) , Agent shall notify the Lenders by telecopy, telephone, email, or other electronic form of transmission, of the requested Borrowing; such notification to be sent on the Business Day that is at least 1 Business
Day prior to the requested Funding Date. If Agent has notified the Lenders of a requested Borrowing on the Business Day that is 1 Business Day prior to the Funding Date, then each Lender shall make the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata
Share of the requested Borrowing available to Agent in immediately available funds, to Agent s Account, not later than 10:00 a.m. on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date. After Agent s receipt of the proceeds of such
Revolving Loans from the Lenders, Agent shall make the proceeds thereof available to Borrowers on the applicable Funding Date by transferring  
      5  

immediately available funds equal to such proceeds received by Agent to the Designated Account;  provided , that, subject to the provisions of  Section 2.3(d)(ii) , no Lender shall
have an obligation to make any Revolving Loan, if (1) one or more of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in  Section 3  will not be satisfied on the requested Funding Date for the applicable Borrowing unless such condition
has been waived, or (2) the requested Borrowing would exceed the Availability on such Funding Date.    (ii) Unless Agent receives
notice from a Lender prior to 9:30 a.m. on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date relative to a requested Borrowing as to which Agent has notified the Lenders of a requested Borrowing that such Lender will not make available as and
when required hereunder to Agent for the account of Borrowers the amount of that Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Borrowing, Agent may assume that each Lender has made or will make such amount available to Agent in immediately available funds on
the Funding Date and Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrowers a corresponding amount. If, on the requested Funding Date, any Lender shall not have remitted the full amount that it is
required to make available to Agent in immediately available funds and if Agent has made available to Borrowers such amount on the requested Funding Date, then such Lender shall make the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the requested
Borrowing available to Agent in immediately available funds, to Agent s Account, no later than 10:00 a.m. on the Business Day that is the first Business Day after the requested Funding Date (in which case, the interest accrued on such
Lender s portion of such Borrowing for the Funding Date shall be for Agent s separate account). If any Lender shall not remit the full amount that it is required to make available to Agent in immediately available funds as and when
required hereby and if Agent has made available to Borrowers such amount, then that Lender shall be obligated to immediately remit such amount to Agent, together with interest at the Defaulting Lender Rate for each day until the date on which such
amount is so remitted. A notice submitted by Agent to any Lender with respect to amounts owing under this  Section 2.3(c)(ii)  shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If the amount that a Lender is required to remit is made available
to Agent, then such payment to Agent shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan for all purposes of this Agreement. If such amount is not made available to Agent on the Business Day following the Funding Date, Agent will notify Borrowers of
such failure to fund and, upon demand by Agent, Borrowers shall pay such amount to Agent for Agent s account, together with interest thereon for each day elapsed since the date of such Borrowing, at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate
applicable at the time to the Revolving Loans composing such Borrowing.    (d)  Protective Advances and Optional Overadvances .  
 (i) Any contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document notwithstanding, at any time (A) after the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default, or (B) that any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in  Section 3  are not satisfied, Agent hereby is authorized by Borrowers and the Lenders, from time to time, to make
Revolving Loans to, or for the benefit of, Borrowers, on behalf of the Revolving Lenders, that Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary or desirable (1) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, or (2) to
enhance the likelihood of repayment of the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations) (the Revolving Loans described in this  Section 2.3(d)(i)  shall be referred to as   Protective Advances  ).  
      6  

(ii) Any contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document notwithstanding, the
Lenders hereby authorize Agent or Swing Lender, as applicable, and either Agent or Swing Lender, as applicable, may, but is not obligated to, knowingly and intentionally, continue to make Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans) to Borrowers
notwithstanding that an Overadvance exists or would be created thereby, so long as after giving effect to such Revolving Loans, the outstanding Revolver Usage (except for and excluding amounts charged to the Loan Account for interest, fees, or
Lender Group Expenses) does not exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount. In the event Agent obtains actual knowledge that the Revolver Usage exceeds the amounts permitted by the immediately foregoing provisions, regardless of the amount of, or reason
for, such excess, Agent shall notify the Lenders as soon as practicable (and prior to making any (or any additional) intentional Overadvances (except for and excluding amounts charged to the Loan Account for interest, fees, or Lender Group Expenses)
unless Agent determines that prior notice would result in imminent harm to the Collateral or its value, in which case Agent may make such Overadvances and provide notice as promptly as practicable thereafter), and the Lenders with Revolver
Commitments thereupon shall, together with Agent, jointly determine the terms of arrangements that shall be implemented with Borrowers intended to reduce, within a reasonable time, the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans to Borrowers
to an amount permitted by the preceding sentence. In such circumstances, if any Lender with a Revolver Commitment objects to the proposed terms of reduction or repayment of any Overadvance, the terms of reduction or repayment thereof shall be
implemented according to the determination of the Required Lenders. The foregoing provisions are meant for the benefit of the Lenders and Agent and are not meant for the benefit of Borrowers (or any other Loan Party), which shall continue to be
bound by the provisions of  Section 2.4(e)(1) . Each Lender with a Revolver Commitment shall be obligated to settle with Agent as provided in  Section 2.3(e)  (or  Section 2.3(g) , as applicable) for the amount of such
Lender s Pro Rata Share of any unintentional Overadvances by Agent reported to such Lender, any intentional Overadvances made as permitted under this  Section 2.3(d)(ii) , and any Overadvances resulting from the charging to the Loan
Account of interest, fees, or Lender Group Expenses.    (iii) Each Protective Advance and each Overadvance (each, an   Extraordinary
Advance  ) shall be deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder, except that no Extraordinary Advance shall be eligible to be a LIBOR Rate Loan and, prior to Settlement therefor, all payments on the Extraordinary Advances shall be payable to
Agent solely for its own account. The Extraordinary Advances shall be repayable on demand, secured by Agent s Liens, constitute Obligations hereunder, and bear interest at the rate applicable from time to time to Revolving Loans that are Base
Rate Loans. The provisions of this  Section 2.3(d)  are for the exclusive benefit of Agent, Swing Lender, and the Lenders and are not intended to benefit Borrowers (or any other Loan Party) in any way.  
 (e)  Settlement . It is agreed that each Lender s funded portion of the Revolving Loans is intended by the Lenders to equal, at all
times, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Revolving Loans, subject to  Sections 2.3(b) ,  2.3(c)  and  2.3(d) . Such agreement notwithstanding, Agent, Swing Lender, and the other Lenders agree (which agreement
shall not be for the benefit of Borrowers or any other Loan Party) that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, settlement among the Lenders as to the Revolving Loans, the Swing Loans, and the
Extraordinary Advances shall take place on a periodic basis in accordance with the following provisions:  
      7  

(i) Agent shall request settlement (  Settlement  ) with the Lenders on a weekly
basis, or on a more frequent basis if so determined by Agent in its sole discretion (1) on behalf of Swing Lender, with respect to the outstanding Swing Loans, (2) for itself, with respect to the outstanding Extraordinary Advances, and
(3) with respect to Borrowers  or any of their Subsidiaries  payments or other amounts received, as to each by notifying the Lenders by telecopy, telephone, or other similar form of transmission, of such requested Settlement, no later
than 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day immediately prior to the date of such requested Settlement (the date of such requested Settlement being the   Settlement Date  ). Such notice of a Settlement Date shall include a summary
statement of the amount of outstanding Revolving Loans, Swing Loans, and Extraordinary Advances for the period since the prior Settlement Date. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein (including  Section 2.3(g) ): (y) if
the amount of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans, and Extraordinary Advances) made by a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender exceeds such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans, and Extraordinary
Advances) as of a Settlement Date, then Agent shall, by no later than 12:00 p.m. on the Settlement Date, transfer in immediately available funds to a Deposit Account of such Lender (as such Lender may designate), an amount such that each such
Lender shall, upon receipt of such amount, have as of the Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans, and Extraordinary Advances), and (z) if the amount of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans, and
Extraordinary Advances) made by a Lender is less than such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans, and Extraordinary Advances) as of a Settlement Date, such Lender shall no later than 12:00 p.m. on the
Settlement Date transfer in immediately available funds to Agent s Account, an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon transfer of such amount, have as of the Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing
Loans and Extraordinary Advances). Such amounts made available to Agent under clause (z) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be applied against the amounts of the applicable Swing Loans or Extraordinary Advances and, together with the
portion of such Swing Loans or Extraordinary Advances representing Swing Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof, shall constitute Revolving Loans of such Lenders. If any such amount is not made available to Agent by any Lender on the Settlement Date
applicable thereto to the extent required by the terms hereof, Agent shall be entitled to recover for its account such amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate.  
 (ii) In determining whether a Lender s balance of the Revolving Loans, Swing Loans, and Extraordinary Advances is less than, equal to,
or greater than such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans, Swing Loans, and Extraordinary Advances as of a Settlement Date, Agent shall, as part of the relevant Settlement, apply to such balance the portion of payments actually
received in good funds by Agent with respect to principal, interest, fees payable by Borrowers and allocable to the Lenders hereunder, and proceeds of Collateral.  
 (iii) Between Settlement Dates, Agent, to the extent Extraordinary Advances or Swing Loans are outstanding, may pay over to Agent or Swing
Lender, as applicable, any payments or other amounts received by Agent, that in accordance with the terms  
      8  

of this Agreement would be applied to the reduction of the Revolving Loans, for application to the Extraordinary Advances or Swing Loans. Between Settlement Dates, Agent, to the extent no
Extraordinary Advances or Swing Loans are outstanding, may pay over to Swing Lender any payments or other amounts received by Agent, that in accordance with the terms of this Agreement would be applied to the reduction of the Revolving Loans, for
application to Swing Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans. If, as of any Settlement Date, payments or other amounts of Borrowers or their Subsidiaries received since the then immediately preceding Settlement Date have been applied to
Swing Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans other than to Swing Loans, as provided for in the previous sentence, Swing Lender shall pay to Agent for the accounts of the Lenders, and Agent shall pay to the Lenders (other than a
Defaulting Lender if Agent has implemented the provisions of  Section 2.3(g) ), to be applied to the outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lenders, an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon receipt of such amount, have, as of such
Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans. During the period between Settlement Dates, Swing Lender with respect to Swing Loans, Agent with respect to Extraordinary Advances, and each Lender with respect to the Revolving Loans other
than Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances, shall be entitled to interest at the applicable rate or rates payable under this Agreement on the daily amount of funds employed by Swing Lender, Agent, or the Lenders, as applicable.  
 (iv) Anything in this  Section 2.3(e)  to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Agent
shall refrain from remitting settlement amounts to the Defaulting Lender and, instead, shall implement the provisions set forth in  Section 2.3(g) .  
 (f)  Notation . Agent, as a non-fiduciary agent for Borrowers, shall maintain a register showing the principal amount of the Revolving
Loans owing to each Lender, including the Swing Loans owing to Swing Lender, and Extraordinary Advances owing to Agent, and the interests therein of each Lender, from time to time and such register shall, absent manifest error, conclusively be
presumed to be correct and accurate.    (g)  Defaulting Lenders .  
 (i) Notwithstanding the provisions of  Section 2.4(b)(ii) , Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any
payments made by Borrowers to Agent for the Defaulting Lender s benefit or any proceeds of Collateral that would otherwise be remitted hereunder to the Defaulting Lender, and, in the absence of such transfer to the Defaulting Lender, Agent
shall transfer any such payments (A) first, to Swing Lender to the extent of any Swing Loans that were made by Swing Lender and that were required to be, but were not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, (B) second, to Issuing Bank, to the
extent of the portion of a Letter of Credit Disbursement that was required to be, but was not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, (C) third, to each Non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Commitments (but, in each case, only to the
extent that such Defaulting Lender s portion of a Revolving Loan (or other funding obligation) was funded by such other Non-Defaulting Lender), (D) to a suspense account maintained by Agent, the proceeds of which shall be retained by Agent
and may be made available to be re-advanced to or for the benefit of Borrowers (upon the request of Borrowers and subject to the satisfaction or written waiver of the conditions set forth in  Section 3.2 ) as if such Defaulting Lender had
made its portion of  
      9  

Revolving Loans (or other funding obligations) hereunder, and (E) from and after the date on which all other Obligations have been paid in full, to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with
tier (L) of  Section 2.4(b)(ii) . Subject to the foregoing, Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to Borrowers for the account of such Defaulting Lender the amount of all such payments received and retained by Agent for the
account of such Defaulting Lender. Solely for the purposes of voting or consenting to matters with respect to the Loan Documents (including the calculation of Pro Rata Share in connection therewith) and for the purpose of calculating the fee payable
under  Section 2.10(b) , such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a  Lender  and such Lender s Commitment shall be deemed to be zero;  provided , that the foregoing shall not apply to any of the matters governed
by  Section 14.1(a)(i)  through  (iii) . The provisions of this  Section 2.3(g)  shall remain effective with respect to such Defaulting Lender until the earlier of (y) the date on which all of the Non-Defaulting
Lenders, Agent, Issuing Bank, and Borrowers shall have waived, in writing, the application of this  Section 2.3(g)  to such Defaulting Lender, or (z) the date on which such Defaulting Lender makes payment of all amounts that it was
obligated to fund hereunder, pays to Agent all amounts owing by Defaulting Lender in respect of the amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder, and, if requested by Agent, provides adequate assurance of its ability to perform its future
obligations hereunder (on which earlier date, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any remaining cash collateral held by Agent pursuant to  Section 2.3(g)(ii)  shall be released to Borrowers). The operation of
this  Section 2.3(g)  shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitment of any Lender, to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to
relieve or excuse the performance by any Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to Agent, Issuing Bank, or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender. Any failure by a Defaulting Lender to fund amounts that it was obligated to fund
hereunder shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle Borrowers, at their option, upon written notice to Agent, to arrange for a substitute Lender to assume the Commitment of such Defaulting
Lender, such substitute Lender to be reasonably acceptable to Agent. In connection with the arrangement of such a substitute Lender, the Defaulting Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder, and agrees to execute and deliver a
completed form of Assignment and Acceptance in favor of the substitute Lender (and agrees that it shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such document if it fails to do so) subject only to being paid its share of the outstanding Obligations
(other than Bank Product Obligations, but including (1) all accrued and unpaid interest, fees (if any) solely to the extent earned by such Lender prior to such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender, and other amounts that may be due and payable
in respect thereof, and (2) an assumption of its Pro Rata Share of its participation in the Letters of Credit);  provided , that any such assumption of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of
any of the Lender Groups  or Borrowers  rights or remedies against any such Defaulting Lender arising out of or in relation to such failure to fund. In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this
 Section 2.3(g)  and any other provision contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in
concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this  Section 2.3(g)  shall control and govern.  
      10  

(ii) If any Swing Loan or Letter of Credit is outstanding or is issued at the time that a Lender
is or becomes a Defaulting Lender then:    (A) such Defaulting Lender s Swing Loan Exposure and Letter of Credit Exposure shall be
reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares but only to the extent (x) the sum of all Non-Defaulting Lenders  Revolving Loan Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s Swing Loan
Exposure and Letter of Credit Exposure does not exceed the total of all Non-Defaulting Lenders  Revolver Commitments and (y) the conditions set forth in  Section 3.2  are satisfied or waived in writing at such time;  
 (B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, Borrowers shall within
three (3) Business Days following the receipt by Borrowers of written notice from the Agent (x) first, prepay such Defaulting Lender s Swing Loan Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to
clause (A) above) and (y) second, provide Letter of Credit Collateralization for such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above) for so long as
such Letter of Credit Exposure is outstanding;  provided , that Borrowers shall not be obligated to provide Letter of Credit Collateralization for any Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure if such Defaulting Lender is also the
Issuing Bank;    (C) if Borrowers provide Letter of Credit Collateralization for any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of
Credit Exposure pursuant to this  Section 2.3(g)(ii) , Borrowers shall not be required to pay any Letter of Credit Fees to Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to  Section 2.6(b)  with respect to the portion
of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure for which Letter of Credit Collateralization has been provided during the period during which such Letter of Credit Collateralization has been provided;  
 (D) to the extent the Letter of Credit Exposure of the Non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to this  Section 2.3(g)(ii) ,
then the Letter of Credit Fees payable to the Non-Defaulting Lenders pursuant to  Section 2.6(b)  shall be correspondingly adjusted in accordance with such Non-Defaulting Lenders  Letter of Credit Exposure;  
 (E) to the extent any Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure is neither supported by Letter of Credit Collateralization nor
reallocated pursuant to this  Section 2.3(g)(ii) , then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder, all Letter of Credit Fees that would have otherwise been payable to such Defaulting Lender
under  Section 2.6(b)  with respect to such portion of such Letter of Credit Exposure shall instead be payable to the Issuing Bank until such portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure is supported by Letter of
Credit Collateralization or reallocated;    (F) so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swing Lender shall not be required to
make any Swing Loan and the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend, or increase any Letter of Credit, in each case, to the extent (x) the Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Swing Loans or Letter of Credit cannot be
reallocated pursuant  
      11  

to this  Section 2.3(g)(ii)  or (y) the Swing Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, has not otherwise entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Lender or
Issuing Bank, as applicable, and Borrowers to eliminate the Swing Lender s or Issuing Bank s risk with respect to the Defaulting Lender s participation in Swing Loans or Letters of Credit; and  
 (G) Agent may release any cash collateral provided by Borrowers pursuant to this  Section 2.3(g)(ii)  to the Issuing Bank and the
Issuing Bank may apply any such cash collateral to the payment of such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Letter of Credit Disbursement that is not reimbursed by Borrowers pursuant to  Section 2.11(d) .  
 (h)  Independent Obligations . All Revolving Loans (other than Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) shall be made by the Lenders
contemporaneously and in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares. It is understood that (i) no Lender shall be responsible for any failure by any other Lender to perform its obligation to make any Revolving Loan (or other extension of credit)
hereunder, nor shall any Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of any failure by any other Lender to perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) no failure by any Lender to perform its obligations hereunder shall excuse
any other Lender from its obligations hereunder.    2.4   Payments; Reductions of Commitments; Prepayments  .  
 (a)  Payments by Borrowers .  
 (i) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by Borrowers shall be made to Agent s Account for the account of the
Lender Group and shall be made in immediately available funds, no later than 1:30 p.m. on the date specified herein. Any payment received by Agent later than 1:30 p.m. shall be deemed to have been received (unless Agent, in its sole
discretion, elects to credit it on the date received) on the following Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue until such following Business Day.  
 (ii) Unless Agent receives notice from Borrowers prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders that Borrowers will not make
such payment in full as and when required, Agent may assume that Borrowers have made (or will make) such payment in full to Agent on such date in immediately available funds and Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such
assumption, distribute to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent Borrowers do not make such payment in full to Agent on the date when due, each Lender severally shall repay to Agent on
demand such amount distributed to such Lender, together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date repaid.  
 (b)  Apportionment and Application.   
 (i) So long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting
Lenders, all principal and interest payments received by Agent shall be apportioned ratably among the Lenders (according to the unpaid principal balance of the Obligations to which such payments relate held by each
 
      12  

Lender) and all payments of fees and expenses received by Agent (other than fees or expenses that are for Agent s separate account or for the separate account of Issuing Bank) shall be
apportioned ratably among the Lenders having a Pro Rata Share of the type of Commitment or Obligation to which a particular fee or expense relates. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments to be made hereunder by Borrowers shall
be remitted to Agent and all such payments, and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent, shall be applied, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting
Lenders, to reduce the balance of the Revolving Loans outstanding until paid in full and, thereafter, to Borrowers (to be wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto under applicable law.  
 (ii) At any time that an Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting
Lenders, all payments remitted to Agent and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent shall be applied as follows:    (A)  first ,
to pay any Lender Group Expenses (including cost or expense reimbursements) or indemnities then due to Agent under the Loan Documents, until paid in full,  
 (B)  second , to pay any fees or premiums then due to Agent under the Loan Documents until paid in full,  
 (C)  third , to pay accrued and unpaid interest due in respect of all Protective Advances until paid in full,  
 (D)  fourth , to pay the principal of all outstanding Extraordinary Advances until paid in full,  
 (E)  fifth , ratably, to pay any Lender Group Expenses (including cost or expense reimbursements) or indemnities then due to any of the
Lenders under the Loan Documents, until paid in full,    (F)  sixth , ratably, to pay any fees or premiums then due to any of the
Lenders under the Loan Documents until paid in full,    (G)  seventh , to pay interest accrued and unpaid in respect of the
outstanding Swing Loans until paid in full,    (H)  eighth , to pay the principal of all outstanding Swing Loans until paid in full,
   (I)  ninth , ratably, to pay interest accrued and unpaid in respect of the outstanding Revolving Loans (other than Extraordinary
Advances) until paid in full,    (J)  tenth , ratably  
      13  

i. ratably, to pay the principal of all outstanding Revolving Loans until paid in full,  
 ii. to Agent, to be held by Agent, for the benefit of Issuing Bank (and for the ratable benefit of each of the Lenders that have an
obligation to pay to Agent, for the account of Issuing Bank, a share of each Letter of Credit Disbursement), as cash collateral in an amount up to 102% of the Letter of Credit Usage (to the extent permitted by applicable law, such cash collateral
shall be applied to the reimbursement of any Letter of Credit Disbursement as and when such disbursement occurs and, if a Letter of Credit expires undrawn, the cash collateral held by Agent in respect of such Letter of Credit shall, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, be reapplied pursuant to this  Section 2.4(b)(ii) , beginning with tier (A) hereof),    iii.
ratably, to (y) the Bank Product Providers based upon amounts then certified by the applicable Bank Product Provider to Agent (in form and substance satisfactory to Agent) to be due and payable to such Bank Product Providers on account of Bank
Product Obligations, and (z) with any balance to be paid to Agent, to be held by Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Bank Product Providers, as cash collateral (which cash collateral may be released by Agent to the applicable Bank Product
Provider and applied by such Bank Product Provider to the payment or reimbursement of any amounts due and payable with respect to Bank Product Obligations owed to the applicable Bank Product Provider as and when such amounts first become due and
payable and, if and at such time as all such Bank Product Obligations are paid or otherwise satisfied in full, the cash collateral held by Agent in respect of such Bank Product Obligations shall be reapplied pursuant to this
 Section 2.4(b)(ii) , beginning with tier (A) hereof,    (K)  eleventh , to pay any other outstanding Obligations other
than Obligations owed to Defaulting Lenders,    (L)  twelfth , ratably to pay any outstanding Obligations owed to Defaulting Lenders
(other than Defaulting Lenders against whom Borrowers shall have obtained a judgment); and    (M)  thirteenth , to Borrowers (to be
wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto under applicable law.    (iii) Agent promptly shall distribute to
each Lender, pursuant to the applicable wire instructions received from each Lender in writing, such funds as it may be entitled to receive, subject to a Settlement delay as provided in  Section 2.3(e) .  
 (iv) In each instance, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing,  Section 2.4(b)(i)  shall not apply to any
payment made by Borrowers to Agent and specified by Borrowers to be for the payment of specific Obligations then due and payable (or prepayable) under any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.  
 (v) For purposes of  Section 2.4(b)(ii) ,  paid in full  of a type of Obligation means payment in cash or immediately
available funds of all amounts owing on account of such type of Obligation, including interest accrued after the commencement of any  
      14  

Insolvency Proceeding, default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements (other than unasserted contingent indemnification and unasserted expense reimbursement obligations),
irrespective of whether any of the foregoing would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding.    (vi)
In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this  Section 2.4  and any other provision contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read
together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, if the conflict relates to the provisions of
 Section 2.3(g)  and this  Section 2.4 , then the provisions of  Section 2.3(g)  shall control and govern, and if otherwise, then the terms and provisions of this  Section 2.4  shall control and govern.  
 (c)    Intentionally Omitted .  
 (d)  Optional Prepayments of Revolving Loans . Borrower may prepay the principal of any Revolving Loan at any time in whole or in part,
without premium or penalty and with no corresponding permanent reduction in the Maximum Revolver Amount.    (e)  Mandatory
Prepayments .    (i)   Borrowing Base  . If, at any time when a Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered to Agent, (A) the
Revolver Usage on such date exceeds (B) the Borrowing Base reflected in such Borrowing Base Certificate, then within three (3) Business Days of such date, Borrowers shall prepay the Obligations in accordance with
 Section 2.4(f)(i)  in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such excess. If, at any other time, (A) the Revolver Usage on such date exceeds (B) the Borrowing Base reflected in such Borrowing Base Certificate, then within
three (3) Business Days after receipt by Borrowers of written request from the Agent, Borrowers shall prepay the Obligations in accordance with  Section 2.4(f)(i)  in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such excess.  
 (ii)   Intentionally Omitted  .  
 (f)  Application of Payments .  
 (i) Each prepayment pursuant to  Section 2.4(e)(i)  shall, (A) so long as no Application Event shall have occurred and be
continuing, be applied,  first , to the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans until paid in full, and  second , to provide Letter of Credit Collateralization with respect to the then outstanding Letter of Credit Usage, and
(B) if an Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied in the manner set forth in  Section 2.4(b)(ii) .  
 2.5   Promise to Pay; Promissory Notes  .  
 (a) Borrowers agree to pay the Lender Group Expenses in accordance with the provisions of  Section 2.6(d) . Borrowers promise to pay
all of the outstanding Obligations (including principal, interest, premiums, if any, fees, costs, and expenses (including Lender  
      15  

Group Expenses)) in full on the Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations) become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement. Borrowers agree that their obligations contained in the first sentence of this  Section 2.5(a)  shall survive payment or satisfaction in full of all other Obligations.  
 (b) Any Lender may request that any portion of its Commitments or the Loans made by it be evidenced by one or more promissory notes. In such
event, Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender the requested promissory notes payable to the order of such Lender in substantially the form attached hereto as  Exhibit D . Thereafter, the portion of the Commitments and Loans
evidenced by such promissory notes and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein.  
 2.6   Interest Rates and Letter of Credit Fee: Rates, Payments, and Calculations  .  
 (a)  Interest Rates . Except as provided in  Section 2.6(c) , all Obligations (except for the face amount of any issued and
undrawn Letters of Credit) that have been charged to the Loan Account pursuant to the terms hereof shall bear interest as follows:    (i)
the outstanding principal amount of all Obligations (other than Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) shall accrue interest at a  per annum  rate equal to the LIBOR Rate plus the LIBOR Rate Margin, and  
 (ii) as to the outstanding principal amount of Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances only, at a  per annum  rate equal to the Base Rate
plus the Base Rate Margin.    (b)  Letter of Credit Fee . Borrowers shall pay Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Revolving Lenders),
a Letter of Credit fee (the   Letter of Credit Fee  ) (which fee shall be in addition to the fronting fees and commissions, other fees, charges and expenses set forth in  Section 2.11(k) ) that shall accrue at a  per
annum  rate equal to the LIBOR Rate Margin times the undrawn face amount of all issued and undrawn Letters of Credit.    (c)  Default
Rate .    (i) Automatically upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default under  Section 8.4  or
 Section 8.5 , and    (ii) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any other Event of Default (other than an Event of
Default under  Section 8.4  or  Section 8.5 ) and at the direction of Agent or the Required Lenders, and upon written notice by Agent to OraSure of such direction (provided that such notice shall not be required for any Event of
Default under  Section 8.1 ),    (A) all Obligations (except for the face amount of any issued and undrawn Letters of Credit)
that have been charged to the Loan Account pursuant to the terms hereof shall bear interest at a per  annum  rate equal to 2 percentage points above the per annum rate otherwise applicable to such Obligations, and  
      16  

(B) the Letter of Credit Fee shall be increased to 2 percentage points above the per
 annum  rate otherwise applicable to the Letters of Credit hereunder.    (d)  Payment . Except to the extent provided to the
contrary in  Section 2.10 ,  Section 2.11(k)  or  Section 2.12(a) , (i) all interest, all Letter of Credit Fees and all other fees payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents shall be due and
payable, in arrears, on the first day of each month, and (ii) all out-of-pocket audit, field exam, UCC search and other out-of-pocket and non-out-of-pocket costs, expenses and Lender Group Expenses payable hereunder or under any of the other
Loan Documents shall be due and payable on the 30th day after the date on which an invoice therefor is delivered by Agent to Borrowers. Borrowers hereby authorize Agent, from time to time without prior notice to Borrowers, to charge to the Loan
Account (A) on the first day of each month, all interest accrued during the prior month on the Revolving Loans hereunder, (B) on the first day of each month, all Letter of Credit Fees accrued or chargeable hereunder during the prior month,
(C) as and when incurred or accrued, all fees provided for in  Section 2.10(a) , (D) on the first day of each month, the Unused Line Fee accrued during the prior month pursuant to  Section 2.10(b) , (E) if
Borrowers do not pay any such Lender Group Expenses within 30 days of the date of Borrowers  receipt of an invoice therefor, all out-of-pocket audit, field exam, UCC search and other out-of-pocket costs payable hereunder pursuant to
 Section 2.10(c) , (F) as and when due and payable, all other fees payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, (G) as and when incurred or accrued, the fronting fees and all other commissions, fees, and charges
provided for in  Section 2.11(k) , (H) if Borrowers do not pay any other Lender Group Expenses within 30 days of the date of Borrowers  receipt of an invoice therefor, all other Lender Group Expenses, and (I) as and when due
and payable in accordance with the terms thereof, all other payment obligations payable under any Loan Document or any Bank Product Agreement (including any amounts due and payable to the Bank Product Providers in respect of Bank Products);
 provided , that if such amounts are not paid when due and, instead, are charged to the Loan Account, they shall be charged thereto as of the day on which the item was first due and payable or incurred or accrued without regard to the
applicable delay and such amounts shall accrue interest from such original date;  provided   further , that the applicable delays set forth in the foregoing clauses (E) and (H) and clause (ii) of the foregoing sentence shall
not be applicable (and Agent shall be entitled to immediately charge to the Loan Account) at any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. All amounts (including interest, fees, costs, expenses, Lender Group Expenses, or other
amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or under any Bank Product Agreement) charged to the Loan Account shall constitute Revolving Loans hereunder, shall constitute Obligations hereunder, and shall accrue interest at the rate
then applicable to Revolving Loans that are LIBOR Rate Loans.    (e)  Computation.  All interest (other than interest that is
calculated with reference to the Base Rate) and fees chargeable under the Loan Documents shall be computed on the basis of a 360 day year, in each case, for the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which the interest or fees
accrue. All interest that is calculated with reference to the Base Rate under the Loan Documents shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day or 366-day year, as applicable, for the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which such
interest accrues. In the event the Base Rate is changed from time to time hereafter, the rates of interest hereunder based upon the Base Rate automatically and immediately shall be increased or decreased by an amount equal to such change in the Base
Rate.  
      17  

(f)    Intent to Limit Charges to Maximum Lawful Rate . In no event shall the interest
rate or rates payable under this Agreement, plus any other amounts paid in connection herewith, exceed the highest rate permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable. Borrowers and
the Lender Group, in executing and delivering this Agreement, intend legally to agree upon the rate or rates of interest and manner of payment stated within it;  provided , that, anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if
such rate or rates of interest or manner of payment exceeds the maximum allowable under applicable law, then,  ipso facto , as of the date of this Agreement, Borrowers are and shall be liable only for the payment of such maximum amount as is
allowed by law, and payment received from Borrowers in excess of such legal maximum, whenever received, shall be applied to reduce the principal balance of the Obligations to the extent of such excess.  
 2.7   Crediting Payments .  The receipt of any payment item by Agent shall not be required to be considered a payment on account
unless such payment item is a wire transfer of immediately available federal funds made to Agent s Account or unless and until such payment item is honored when presented for payment. Should any payment item not be honored when presented for
payment, then Borrowers shall be deemed not to have made such payment and interest shall be calculated accordingly. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, any payment item shall be deemed received by Agent only if it is received
into Agent s Account on a Business Day on or before 1:30 p.m. If any payment item is received into Agent s Account on a non-Business Day or after 1:30 p.m. on a Business Day (unless Agent, in its sole discretion, elects to credit
it on the date received), it shall be deemed to have been received by Agent as of the opening of business on the immediately following Business Day. If any payment (other than payments that are charged to the Loan Account in accordance with
Section 2.6(d)) is due hereunder on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be deemed to be due on the immediately succeeding Business Day.  
 2.8   Designated Account .  Agent is authorized to make the Revolving Loans, and Issuing Bank is authorized to issue the Letters of
Credit, under this Agreement based upon telephonic or other instructions received from anyone purporting to be an Authorized Person or, without instructions, if pursuant to  Section 2.6(d) . Borrowers agree to establish and maintain the
Designated Account with the Designated Account Bank for the purpose of receiving the proceeds of the Revolving Loans requested by Borrowers and made by Agent or the Lenders hereunder. Unless otherwise agreed by Agent and Borrowers, any Revolving
Loan or Swing Loan requested by Borrowers and made by Agent or the Lenders hereunder shall be made to the Designated Account.    2.9
  Maintenance of Loan Account; Statements of Obligations .  Agent shall maintain an account on its books in the name of Borrowers (the   Loan Account  ) on which Borrowers will be charged with all Revolving Loans (including
Extraordinary Advances and Swing Loans) made by Agent Swing Lender, or the Lenders to Borrowers or for Borrowers  account, the Letters of Credit issued or arranged by Issuing Bank for Borrowers  account, and with all other payment
Obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including, accrued interest, fees and expenses, and Lender Group Expenses. In accordance with  Section 2.7 , the Loan Account will be credited with all payments received by Agent
from Borrowers or for Borrowers  account. Agent shall make available to Borrowers monthly statements regarding the Loan Account, including the principal amount of the Revolving Loans,  
      18  

interest accrued hereunder, fees accrued or charged hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and a summary itemization of all charges and expenses constituting Lender Group Expenses accrued
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and each such statement, absent manifest error, shall be conclusively presumed to be correct and accurate and constitute an account stated between Borrowers and the Lender Group unless, within
30 days after Agent first makes such a statement available to Borrowers electronically, or otherwise delivers such a statement to Borrowers, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent written objection thereto describing the error or errors contained in
such statement.    2.10   Fees  .  
 (a)  Agent Fees.  Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the account of Agent, as and when due and payable under the terms of the Fee Letter,
the fees set forth in the Fee Letter.    (b)  Unused Line Fee.  Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the ratable account of the Revolving
Lenders, an unused line fee (the   Unused Line Fee  ) in an amount equal to 0.375%  per annum  multiplied by the result of (i) the aggregate amount of the Revolver Commitments, less (ii) the Average Revolver Usage
during the immediately preceding month (or portion thereof), which Unused Line Fee shall be due and payable in arrears on the first day of each month from and after the Closing Date up to the first day of the month prior to the date on which the
Obligations are paid in full and on the date on which the Obligations are paid in full.    (c)  Field Examination and Other Fees. 
Borrowers shall pay to Agent, field examination fees and charges, as and when incurred or chargeable, as follows: (i) a fee of $1,500 per day, per examiner, plus reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including travel, meals, and
lodging) for each field examination of any Borrower performed by personnel employed by Agent, and (ii) the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees or charges paid or incurred by Agent (plus reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses
(including travel, meals, and lodging)) if it elects to employ the services of one or more third Persons to perform field examinations of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries or to establish electronic collateral reporting systems;  provided , that
so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrowers shall not be obligated to reimburse Agent for more than one (1) field examination during any calendar year, which will increase to no more than two (2) field
examinations during any calendar year on and after any date the Total Liquidity is less than $50,000,000,  plus  additional field examinations with respect to assets acquired or to be acquired in connection with any Permitted Acquisition that
Borrowers elect to include in the Borrowing Base.    2.11   Letters of Credit .   
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon the request of Borrowers made in accordance herewith, and prior to the
Maturity Date, Issuing Bank agrees to issue a requested Letter of Credit for the account of Borrowers. By submitting a request to Issuing Bank for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested that Issuing Bank
issue the requested Letter of Credit. Each request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or the amendment, renewal, or extension of any outstanding Letter of Credit, shall be irrevocable and shall be made in writing by an Authorized Person and
delivered to Issuing Bank  
      19  

via telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission reasonably acceptable to Issuing Bank and reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal, or extension.
Each such request shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Issuing Bank and (i) shall specify (A) the amount of such Letter of Credit, (B) the date of issuance, amendment, renewal, or extension of such Letter of
Credit, (C) the proposed expiration date of such Letter of Credit, (D) the name and address of the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit, and (E) such other information (including, the conditions to drawing, and, in the case of an
amendment, renewal, or extension, identification of the Letter of Credit to be so amended, renewed, or extended) as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew, or extend such Letter of Credit, and (ii) shall be accompanied by such Issuer
Documents as Agent or Issuing Bank may reasonably request or require, to the extent that such requests or requirements are consistent with the Issuer Documents that Issuing Bank generally requests for Letters of Credit in similar circumstances.
Bank s records of the content of any such request will be conclusive absent manifest error.    (b) Issuing Bank shall have no
obligation to issue a Letter of Credit if any of the following would result after giving effect to the requested issuance:    (i) the
Letter of Credit Usage would exceed $2,500,000, or    (ii) the Letter of Credit Usage would exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount  less
 the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans), or    (iii) the Letter of Credit Usage would exceed the
Borrowing Base at such time  less  the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loans (inclusive of Swing Loans) at such time.  
 (c) In the event there is a Defaulting Lender as of the date of any request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank shall not
be required to issue or arrange for such Letter of Credit to the extent (i) the Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure with respect to such Letter of Credit may not be reallocated pursuant to  Section 2.3(g)(ii) , or
(ii) the Issuing Bank has not otherwise entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and Borrowers to eliminate the Issuing Bank s risk with respect to the participation in such Letter of Credit of the Defaulting Lender, which
arrangements may include the provision of Letter of Credit Collateralization for such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure in accordance with  Section 2.3(g)(ii) . Additionally, Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to issue
a Letter of Credit if (A) any order, judgment, or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall, by its terms, purport to enjoin or restrain Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to Issuing Bank or
any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over Issuing Bank shall prohibit or request that Issuing Bank refrain from the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter
of Credit in particular, or (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally, or (C) if amounts demanded to be paid under any Letter of Credit will or
may not be in United States Dollars.    (d) Any Issuing Bank (other than Wells Fargo or any of its Affiliates) shall notify Agent in writing
of any issuance of a Letter of Credit no later than the Business Day  
      20  

immediately following the Business Day on which such Issuing Bank issued any Letter of Credit; provided that (i) until Agent advises any such Issuing Bank that the provisions of
 Section 3.2  are not satisfied or waived in writing, or (ii) unless the aggregate amount of the Letters of Credit issued in any such week exceeds such amount as shall be agreed by Agent and such Issuing Bank, such Issuing Bank shall
be required to so notify Agent in writing only once each week of the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the immediately preceding week as well as the daily amounts outstanding for the prior week, such notice to be furnished on such
day of the week as Agent and such Issuing Bank may agree. Each Letter of Credit shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Issuing Bank, including the requirement that the amounts payable thereunder must be payable in Dollars. If
Issuing Bank makes a payment under a Letter of Credit, Borrowers shall pay to Agent an amount equal to the applicable Letter of Credit Disbursement on the Business Day such Letter of Credit Disbursement is made and, in the absence of such payment,
the amount of the Letter of Credit Disbursement immediately and automatically shall be deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder (notwithstanding any failure to satisfy any condition precedent set forth in  Section 3 ) and, initially, shall
bear interest at the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are LIBOR Rate Loans. If a Letter of Credit Disbursement is deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder, Borrowers  obligation to pay the amount of such Letter of Credit Disbursement
to Issuing Bank shall be automatically converted into an obligation to pay the resulting Revolving Loan. Promptly following receipt by Agent of any payment from Borrowers pursuant to this paragraph, Agent shall distribute such payment to Issuing
Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to  Section 2.11(e)  to reimburse Issuing Bank, then to such Revolving Lenders and Issuing Bank as their interests may appear.  
 (e) Promptly following receipt of a notice of a Letter of Credit Disbursement pursuant to  Section 2.11(d) , each Revolving Lender
agrees to fund its Pro Rata Share of any Revolving Loan deemed made pursuant to  Section 2.11(d)  on the same terms and conditions as if Borrowers had requested the amount thereof as a Revolving Loan and Agent shall promptly pay to Issuing
Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment, renewal, or extension of a Letter of Credit) and without any further action on the part of Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders,
Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have granted to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to have purchased, a participation in each Letter of Credit issued by Issuing Bank, in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such
Letter of Credit, and each such Revolving Lender agrees to pay to Agent, for the account of Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Letter of Credit Disbursement made by Issuing Bank under the applicable Letter of Credit. In
consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to Agent, for the account of Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of each Letter of Credit Disbursement
made by Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by Borrowers on the date due as provided in  Section 2.11(d) , or of any reimbursement payment that is required to be refunded (or that Agent or Issuing Bank elects, based upon the advice of counsel,
to refund) to Borrowers for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to deliver to Agent, for the account of Issuing Bank, an amount equal to its respective Pro Rata Share of each Letter of Credit Disbursement
pursuant to this  Section 2.11(e)  shall be absolute and unconditional and such remittance shall be made notwithstanding the occurrence or continuation of an Event of Default or Default or the failure to satisfy any condition set forth in
 Section 3 . If any such Revolving Lender fails to make  
      21  

available to Agent the amount of such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of a Letter of Credit Disbursement as provided in this Section, such Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be a
Defaulting Lender and Agent (for the account of Issuing Bank) shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Revolving Lender together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate until paid in full.  
 (f) Each Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless each member of the Lender Group (including Issuing Bank and its branches,
Affiliates, and correspondents) and each such Person s respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys and agents (each, including Issuing Bank, a   Letter of Credit Related Person  ) (to the fullest extent permitted by law)
from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and all reasonable fees and disbursements of attorneys, experts, or consultants and all other costs and
expenses actually incurred in connection therewith or in connection with the enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought), which may be incurred by or awarded against any Letter of
Credit Related Person ( provided , that the indemnification in this clause (f) shall not extend to (i) disputes solely between or among Letter of Credit Related Persons that do not involve any violation of the Loan Documents by the
Loan Parties; or (ii) any Taxes or any costs attributable to Taxes, which shall be governed by  Section 16 ) (the   Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs  ), and which arise out of or in connection with, or as a result of
this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any Issuer Document, or any Drawing Document referred to in or related to any Letter of Credit, or any action or proceeding arising out of any of the foregoing (whether administrative, judicial or in connection
with arbitration); in each case, including that resulting from the Letter of Credit Related Person s own negligence;  provided ,  however , that such indemnity shall not be available to any Letter of Credit Related Person claiming
indemnification to the extent that such Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs may be finally determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of the Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnity;  provided ,  further , that notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Borrowers  indemnification obligations under this clause (f) include any Letter of Credit
Indemnified Costs in respect of legal fees, disbursements and expenses in excess of the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees of one firm of counsel to all Letter of Credit Related Persons, taken as a whole, and, to the extent necessary, one
local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction and one regulatory counsel to all Letter of Credit Related Persons, taken as a whole, and solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, where the Letter of Credit Related Person
affected by such conflict informs the Borrowers of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, one additional firm of counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of similarly situated affected Letter of Credit Related Persons (but
excluding, in all cases, the allocated costs of in-house or internal counsel to any Letter of Credit Related Person). This indemnification provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and all Letters of Credit.  
 (g) The liability of Issuing Bank (or any other Letter of Credit Related Person) under, in connection with or arising out of any Letter of
Credit (or pre-advice), regardless of the form or legal grounds of the action or proceeding, shall be limited to direct damages suffered by Borrowers that are caused directly by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Issuing Bank or such
other Letter of Credit Related Person in (i) honoring a presentation under a Letter of  
      22  

Credit that on its face does not at least substantially comply with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, (ii) failing to honor a presentation under a Letter of Credit that
strictly complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit or (iii) retaining Drawing Documents presented under a Letter of Credit. Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have acted with due diligence and reasonable care if Issuing
Bank s conduct is in accordance with Standard Letter of Credit Practice and in accordance with this Agreement. Borrowers  aggregate remedies against Issuing Bank and any Letter of Credit Related Person for wrongfully honoring a
presentation under any Letter of Credit or wrongfully retaining honored Drawing Documents shall in no event exceed the aggregate amount paid by Borrowers to Issuing Bank in respect of the honored presentation in connection with such Letter of Credit
under  Section 2.11(d) , plus interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans hereunder. Borrowers shall take reasonable action to avoid and mitigate the amount of any damages claimed against Issuing Bank or any other Letter of
Credit Related Person, including by enforcing its rights against the beneficiaries of the Letters of Credit. Any claim by Borrowers under or in connection with any Letter of Credit shall be reduced by an amount equal to the sum of (x) the
amount (if any) saved by Borrowers as a result of the breach or alleged wrongful conduct complained of; and (y) the amount (if any) of the loss that would have been avoided had Borrowers taken all reasonable steps to mitigate any loss, and in
case of a claim of wrongful dishonor, by specifically and timely authorizing Issuing Bank to effect a cure.    (h) Borrowers are responsible
for preparing or approving the final text of the Letter of Credit as issued by Issuing Bank, irrespective of any assistance Issuing Bank may provide such as drafting or recommending text or by Issuing Bank s use or refusal to use text submitted
by Borrowers. Borrowers are solely responsible for the suitability of the Letter of Credit for Borrowers  purposes. With respect to any Letter of Credit containing an  automatic amendment  to extend the expiration date of such Letter
of Credit, Issuing Bank, in its sole and absolute discretion, may give notice of nonrenewal of such Letter of Credit and, if Borrowers do not at any time want such Letter of Credit to be renewed, Borrowers will so notify Agent and Issuing Bank at
least 15 calendar days before Issuing Bank is required to notify the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any advising bank of such nonrenewal pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit.  
 (i) Borrowers  reimbursement and payment obligations under this  Section 2.11  are absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and
shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever,  provided ,  however , that subject to  Section 2.11(g)  above, the foregoing shall not release Issuing Bank
or any Letter of Credit Related Person from such liability to Borrowers as may be finally determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction against Issuing Bank or any Letter of Credit Related Person following
reimbursement or payment of the obligations and liabilities, including reimbursement and other payment obligations, of Borrowers to Issuing Bank or any Letter of Credit Related Person arising under, or in connection with, this
 Section 2.11  or any Letter of Credit.    (j) Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, Issuing Bank and each other
Letter of Credit Related Person (if applicable) shall not be responsible to Borrowers for, and Issuing Bank s rights and remedies against Borrowers and the obligation of Borrowers to reimburse Issuing Bank for each drawing under each Letter of
Credit shall not be impaired by:  
      23  

(i) honor of a presentation under any Letter of Credit that on its face substantially complies
with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, even if the Letter of Credit requires strict compliance by the beneficiary;    (ii)
honor of a presentation of any Drawing Document that appears on its face to have been signed, presented or issued (A) by any purported successor or transferee of any beneficiary or other Person required to sign, present or issue such Drawing
Document or (B) under a new name of the beneficiary;    (iii) acceptance as a draft of any written or electronic demand or request for
payment under a Letter of Credit, even if nonnegotiable or not in the form of a draft or notwithstanding any requirement that such draft, demand or request bear any or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit;  
 (iv) the identity or authority of any presenter or signer of any Drawing Document or the form, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any
Drawing Document (other than Issuing Bank s determination that such Drawing Document appears on its face substantially to comply with the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit);  
 (v) acting upon any instruction or request relative to a Letter of Credit or requested Letter of Credit that Issuing Bank in good faith
believes to have been given by a Person authorized to give such instruction or request;    (vi) any errors, omissions, interruptions or
delays in transmission or delivery of any message, advice or document (regardless of how sent or transmitted) or for errors in interpretation of technical terms or in translation or any delay in giving or failing to give notice to Borrowers;  
 (vii) any acts, omissions or fraud by, or the insolvency of, any beneficiary, any nominated person or entity or any other Person or any
breach of contract between any beneficiary and any Borrower or any of the parties to the underlying transaction to which the Letter of Credit relates;  
 (viii) assertion or waiver of any provision of the ISP or UCP that primarily benefits an issuer of a letter of credit, including any
requirement that any Drawing Document be presented to it at a particular hour or place;    (ix) payment to any paying or negotiating bank
(designated or permitted by the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit) claiming that it rightfully honored or is entitled to reimbursement or indemnity under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to it;  
 (x) acting or failing to act as required or permitted under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to where Issuing Bank has issued,
confirmed, advised or negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be;    (xi) honor of a presentation after the expiration date of
any Letter of Credit notwithstanding that a presentation was made prior to such expiration date and dishonored by Issuing Bank if subsequently Issuing Bank or any court or other finder of fact determines such presentation should have been honored;
 
      24  

(xii) dishonor of any presentation that does not strictly comply or that is fraudulent, forged
or otherwise not entitled to honor; or    (xiii) honor of a presentation that is subsequently determined by Issuing Bank to have been made
in violation of international, federal, state or local restrictions on the transaction of business with certain prohibited Persons.    (k)
Borrowers shall pay immediately upon demand to Agent for the account of Issuing Bank as non-refundable fees, commissions, and charges (it being acknowledged and agreed that any charging of such fees, commissions, and charges to the Loan Account
pursuant to the provisions of  Section 2.6(d)  shall be deemed to constitute a demand for payment thereof for the purposes of this  Section 2.11(k) ): (i) a fronting fee which shall be imposed by Issuing Bank upon the
issuance of each Letter of Credit of 0.125% per annum of the face amount thereof,   plus   (ii) any and all other customary commissions, fees and charges then in effect imposed by, and any and all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by, Issuing Bank, or by any adviser, confirming institution or entity or other nominated person, relating to Letters of Credit, at the time of issuance of any Letter of Credit and upon the occurrence of any other
activity with respect to any Letter of Credit (including transfers, assignments of proceeds, amendments, drawings, renewals or cancellations).  
 (l) If by reason of (x) any Change in Law, or (y) compliance by Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group with any
direction, request, or requirement issued after the Closing Date (irrespective of whether having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority or monetary authority including, Regulation D of the Board of Governors as from time to time in
effect (and any successor thereto):    (i) any reserve, deposit, or similar requirement is or shall be imposed or modified in respect of
any Letter of Credit issued or caused to be issued hereunder or hereby, or    (ii) there shall be imposed on Issuing Bank or any other
member of the Lender Group any other condition regarding any Letter of Credit, and the result of the foregoing is to increase, directly or indirectly, the cost to Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group of issuing, making, participating
in, or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount receivable in respect thereof, then, and in any such case, Agent may, at any time within a reasonable period after the additional cost is incurred or the amount received is reduced,
notify Borrowers, and Borrowers shall pay within 30 days after written demand therefor, such amounts as Agent may, in its reasonable determination, specify to be necessary to compensate Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group for
such additional cost or reduced receipt, together with interest on such amount from the due date until payment in full thereof at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans hereunder;  provided , that (A) Borrowers shall not be required
to provide any compensation pursuant to this  Section 2.11(l)  for any such amounts incurred more than 180 days prior to the date on which the demand for  
      25  

payment of such amounts is first made to Borrowers, and (B) if an event or circumstance giving rise to such amounts is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be
extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. The determination by Agent of any amount due pursuant to this  Section 2.11(l) , as set forth in a certificate setting forth the calculation thereof in reasonable detail, shall,
in the absence of manifest or demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding on all of the parties hereto.    (m) Unless otherwise
expressly agreed by Issuing Bank and Borrowers when a Letter of Credit is issued, (i) the rules of the ISP and the UCP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of
Credit.    (n) In the event of a direct conflict between the provisions of this  Section 2.11  and any provision contained in any
Issuer Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be
resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this  Section 2.11  shall control and govern.    2.12   LIBOR
Loans .     (a)  Interest and Interest Payment Dates.  Interest on all or a portion of the Revolving Loans shall be charged
(unless otherwise provided herein) at a rate of interest based upon the LIBOR Rate. At any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Revolving Loans may no longer bear interest upon the LIBOR Rate. Interest on LIBOR Rate
Loans shall be payable on the earliest of (i) the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto;  provided , that, subject to the following clauses (ii) and (iii), in the case of any Interest Period greater than 3 months in
duration, interest shall be payable at 3 month intervals after the commencement of the applicable Interest Period and on the last day of such Interest Period), (ii) the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated
pursuant to the terms hereof, or (iii) the date on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the terms hereof.    (b)  LIBOR
Breakage.  In connection with each LIBOR Rate Loan, each Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and hold Agent and the Lenders harmless against any loss, cost, or expense actually incurred by Agent or any Lender as a result of (A) the payment of
any principal of any LIBOR Rate Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), or (B) the failure to borrow or prepay any LIBOR Rate Loan on the date specified in any
LIBOR Notice delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, or expenses,   Funding Losses  ). A certificate of Agent or a Lender delivered to Borrowers setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that Agent or such Lender
is entitled to receive pursuant to this  Section 2.12  shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrowers shall pay such amount to Agent or the Lender, as applicable, within 30 days of the date of its receipt of such certificate. If
a payment of a LIBOR Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period would result in a Funding Loss, Agent may, in its sole discretion at the request of Borrowers, hold the amount of such payment as cash collateral in
support of the Obligations until the last day of such Interest Period and apply such amounts to the payment of the applicable LIBOR Rate Loan on such last day, it being agreed that Agent has no obligation to so defer the application of payments to
any LIBOR Rate Loan and that, in the event that Agent does not defer such application, Borrowers shall be obligated to pay any resulting Funding Losses.  
      26  

(c)  Intentionally Omitted.   
 (d)  Special Provisions Applicable to LIBOR Rate.   
 (i) The LIBOR Rate may be adjusted by Agent with respect to any Lender on a prospective basis to take into account any additional or
increased costs to such Lender of maintaining or obtaining any eurodollar deposits or increased costs, in each case, due to changes in applicable law occurring subsequent to the commencement of the then applicable Interest Period, including any
Changes in Law (including any changes in tax laws (except changes of general applicability in corporate income tax laws)) and changes in the reserve requirements imposed by the Board of Governors, which additional or increased costs would increase
the cost of funding or maintaining loans bearing interest at the LIBOR Rate. In any such event, the affected Lender shall give Borrowers and Agent written notice of such a determination and adjustment and Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to
each other Lender and, upon its receipt of the notice from the affected Lender, Borrowers may, by notice to such affected Lender (A) require such Lender to furnish to Borrowers a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for
adjusting such LIBOR Rate and the method for determining the amount of such adjustment, or (B) repay the LIBOR Rate Loans of such Lender with respect to which such adjustment is made (together with any amounts due under
 Section 2.12(b)(ii) ).    (ii) In the event that any Change in Law shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable
opinion of any Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for such Lender to fund or maintain LIBOR Rate Loans or to continue such funding or maintaining, or to determine or charge interest rates at the LIBOR Rate, such Lender shall give written notice
of such changed circumstances to Agent and Borrowers and Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and (y) in the case of any LIBOR Rate Loans of such Lender that are outstanding, the date specified in such Lender s
notice shall be deemed to be the last day of the Interest Period of such LIBOR Rate Loans, and interest upon the LIBOR Rate Loans of such Lender thereafter shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans, and (z) Borrowers
shall not be entitled to borrow LIBOR Rate Loans until such Lender reasonably determines that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical to do so.  
 (e)  No Requirement of Matched Funding.  Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither Agent, nor any Lender, nor
any of their Participants, is required actually to acquire eurodollar deposits to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues at the LIBOR Rate.  
 2.13   Capital Requirements .   
 (a) If, after the date hereof, Issuing Bank or any Lender reasonably determines that (i) any Change in Law regarding capital or reserve
requirements for banks or bank holding companies, or (ii) compliance by Issuing Bank or such Lender, or their respective parent bank holding companies, with any guideline, request or directive of any Governmental Authority regarding capital
adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) issued after the  
      27  

Closing Date, has the effect of reducing the return on Issuing Bank s, such Lender s, or such holding companies  capital as a consequence of Issuing Bank s or such
Lender s commitments hereunder to a level below that which Issuing Bank, such Lender, or such holding companies could have achieved but for such Change in Law or compliance (taking into consideration Issuing Bank s, such Lender s, or
such holding companies  then existing policies with respect to capital adequacy and assuming the full utilization of such entity s capital) by any amount reasonably deemed by Issuing Bank or such Lender to be material, then Issuing Bank or
such Lender may notify Borrowers and Agent thereof. Following receipt of such notice, Borrowers agree to pay Issuing Bank or such Lender on written demand the amount of such reduction of return of capital as and when such reduction is determined,
payable within 30 days after presentation by Issuing Bank or such Lender of a statement in the amount and setting forth in reasonable detail Issuing Bank s or such Lender s calculation thereof and the assumptions upon which such
calculation was based (which statement shall be deemed true and correct absent manifest error). In determining such amount, Issuing Bank or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. Failure or delay on the part of Issuing
Bank or any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of Issuing Bank s or such Lender s right to demand such compensation;  provided  that Borrowers shall not be required to compensate
Issuing Bank or a Lender pursuant to this Section for any reductions in return incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that Issuing Bank or such Lender notifies Borrowers of such Change in Law giving rise to such reductions and of such
Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor;  provided   further  that if such claim arises by reason of the Change in Law that is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect thereof.    (b) If Issuing Bank or any Lender requests additional or increased costs referred to in
 Section 2.11(l)  or  Section 2.12(d)(i)  or amounts under  Section 2.13(a)  or sends a notice under  Section 2.12(d)(ii)  relative to changed circumstances (such Issuing Bank or Lender, an   Affected
Lender  ), then such Affected Lender shall use reasonable efforts to promptly designate a different one of its lending offices or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices or branches, if (i) in the
reasonable judgment of such Affected Lender, such designation or assignment would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to  Section 2.11(l) ,  Section 2.12(d)(i)  or  Section 2.13(a) , as applicable, or would
eliminate the illegality or impracticality of funding or maintaining LIBOR Rate Loans and (ii) in the reasonable judgment of such Affected Lender, such designation or assignment would not subject it to any material unreimbursed cost or expense
and would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous to it. Borrowers agree to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by such Affected Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. If, after such
reasonable efforts, such Affected Lender does not so designate a different one of its lending offices or assign its rights to another of its offices or branches so as to eliminate Borrowers  obligation to pay any future amounts to such Affected
Lender pursuant to  Section 2.11(l) ,  Section 2.12(d)(i)  or  Section 2.13(a) , as applicable, or to enable Borrowers to obtain LIBOR Rate Loans, then Borrowers (without prejudice to any amounts then due to such
Affected Lender under  Section 2.11(l) ,  Section 2.12(d)(i)  or  Section 2.13(a) , as applicable) may, unless prior to the effective date of any such assignment the Affected Lender withdraws its request for such
additional amounts under  Section 2.11(l) ,  Section 2.12(d)(i)  or  Section 2.13(a) , as applicable, or indicates that it is no longer unlawful or impractical to fund or maintain LIBOR Rate Loans, designate a different
Issuing Bank or substitute a Lender, in each case, reasonably  
      28  

acceptable to Agent to purchase the Obligations owed to such Affected Lender and such Affected Lender s Commitments hereunder (a   Replacement Lender  ), and if such
Replacement Lender agrees to such purchase, such Affected Lender shall assign to the Replacement Lender its Obligations and Commitments, and upon such purchase by the Replacement Lender, which such Replacement Lender shall be deemed to be
 Issuing Bank  or a  Lender  (as the case may be) for purposes of this Agreement and such Affected Lender shall cease to be  Issuing Bank  or a  Lender  (as the case may be) for purposes of this Agreement.
   (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the protection of  Sections 2.11(l) ,
 2.12(d) , and  2.13  shall be available to Issuing Bank and each Lender (as applicable) regardless of any possible contention regarding the invalidity or inapplicability of the law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment,
guideline, treaty or other change or condition which shall have occurred or been imposed, so long as it shall be customary for issuing banks or lenders affected thereby to comply therewith. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, neither Issuing
Bank nor any Lender shall demand compensation pursuant to  Section 2.11(l) ,  2.12(d)  or  2.13(a)  if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of Issuing Bank or such Lender (as the case may be) to
demand such compensation in similar circumstances under comparable provisions of other credit agreements, if any.    2.14
  Accordion .     (a) At any time during the period from and after the Closing Date through but excluding the date that is the
second year anniversary of the Closing Date, at the option of Borrowers (but subject to the conditions set forth in clause (b) below), the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount may be increased by an amount in the aggregate for
all such increases of the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount not to exceed the Available Increase Amount (each such increase, an   Increase  ). Agent shall invite each Lender to increase its Revolver Commitments (it
being understood that no Lender shall be obligated to increase its Revolver Commitments) in connection with a proposed Increase at the interest margin proposed by Borrowers;  provided  that in the event the Lenders do not agree to provide
Revolver Commitments in respect of the full amount of the proposed Increase, the Borrowers may invite any Eligible Transferee or any other Person acceptable to Agent to provide such additional Revolver Commitments. Any Increase shall be in an amount
of at least $2,000,000.00 and integral multiples of $500,000.00 in excess thereof. In no event may the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount be increased pursuant to this  Section 2.14  on more than
two (2) occasions in the aggregate for all such Increases. Additionally, for the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that in no event shall the aggregate amount of the Increases to the Revolver Commitments exceed $5,000,000.00.
   (b) Each of the following shall be conditions precedent to any Increase of the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount in
connection therewith:    (i) Agent or Borrowers have obtained the commitment of one or more Lenders (or other prospective lenders)
reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers to provide the applicable Increase and any such Lenders (or prospective lenders), Borrowers, and Agent have signed a joinder agreement to this Agreement (an   Increase Joinder  ), in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, to which such Lenders (or prospective lenders), Borrowers, and Agent are party,  
      29  

(ii) each of the conditions precedent set forth in  Section 3.2  are satisfied,  
 (iii) Borrowers have delivered to Agent updated pro forma Projections (after giving effect to the applicable Increase) for Borrowers and
their Subsidiaries evidencing compliance on a pro forma basis with the financial covenant in  Section 7  for the four fiscal quarters (on a quarter by quarter basis) immediately following the proposed date of the applicable Increase
(without regard to whether a Covenant Testing Period is then in effect), and    (iv) Borrowers shall have reached agreement with the
Lenders agreeing to the increased Revolver Commitments with respect to the interest margins applicable to Revolving Loans to be made pursuant to the increased Revolver Commitments (which interest margins may be with respect to Revolving Loans made
pursuant to the increased Revolver Commitments, higher than or equal to the interest margins applicable to Revolving Loans set forth in this Agreement immediately prior to the date of the increased Revolver Commitments (the date of the effectiveness
of the increased Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount, the   Increase Date  )) and shall have communicated the amount of such interest margins to Agent. Any Increase Joinder may, with the consent of Agent, Borrowers
and the Lenders or prospective lenders agreeing to the proposed Increase, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this  Section 2.14 
(including any amendment necessary to effectuate the interest margins for the Revolving Loans to be made pursuant to the increased Revolver Commitments).  
 (c) Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, all references in this Agreement and any other Loan Document to Revolving Loans shall be
deemed, unless the context otherwise requires, to include Revolving Loans made pursuant to the increased Revolver Commitments and Maximum Revolver Amount pursuant to this  Section 2.14 .  
 (d) Each of the Lenders having a Revolver Commitment prior to the Increase Date (the   Pre-Increase Revolver Lenders  ) shall
assign to any Lender which is acquiring a new or additional Revolver Commitment on the Increase Date (the   Post-Increase Revolver Lenders  ), and such Post-Increase Revolver Lenders shall purchase from each Pre-Increase Revolver
Lender, at the principal amount thereof, such interests in the Revolving Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit on such Increase Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases,
such Revolving Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit will be held by Pre-Increase Revolver Lenders and Post-Increase Revolver Lenders ratably in accordance with their Pro Rata Share after giving effect to such increased Revolver
Commitments.    (e) The Revolving Loans, Revolver Commitments, and Maximum Revolver Amount established pursuant to this
 Section 2.14  shall constitute Revolving Loans, Revolver Commitments, and Maximum Revolver Amount under, and shall be entitled to all the benefits afforded by, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall, without limiting the
foregoing, benefit equally and ratably from any guarantees and the security interests created by  
      30  

the Loan Documents. Borrowers shall take any actions reasonably required by Agent to ensure and demonstrate that the Liens and security interests granted by the Loan Documents continue to be
perfected under the Code or otherwise after giving effect to the establishment of any such new Revolver Commitments and Maximum Revolver Amount.  
 2.15   Joint and Several Liability of Borrowers .   
 (a) Each Borrower is accepting joint and several liability hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in consideration of the financial
accommodations to be provided by the Lender Group under this Agreement, for the mutual benefit, directly and indirectly, of each Borrower and in consideration of the undertakings of the other Borrowers to accept joint and several liability for the
Obligations.    (b) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as a surety but also as
a co-debtor, joint and several liability with the other Borrowers, with respect to the payment and performance of all of the Obligations (including any Obligations arising under this  Section 2.15 ), it being the intention of the parties
hereto that all the Obligations shall be the joint and several obligations of each Borrower without preferences or distinction among them.  
 (c) If and to the extent that any Borrower shall fail to make any payment with respect to any of the Obligations as and when due or to perform
any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, then in each such event the other Borrowers will make such payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligation until such time as all of the Obligations are paid in full.  
 (d) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, the Obligations of each Borrower under the provisions of
this  Section 2.15  constitute the absolute and unconditional, full recourse Obligations of each Borrower enforceable against each Borrower to the full extent of its properties and assets, irrespective of the validity, regularity or
enforceability of the provisions of this Agreement (other than this  Section 2.15(d) ) or any other circumstances whatsoever.  
 (e) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Borrower hereby waives notice of acceptance of its joint and several
liability, notice of any Revolving Loans or Letters of Credit issued under or pursuant to this Agreement, notice of the occurrence of any Default, Event of Default, or of any demand for any payment under this Agreement, notice of any action at any
time taken or omitted by Agent or Lenders under or in respect of any of the Obligations, any requirement of diligence or to mitigate damages and, generally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, all demands, notices and other formalities of
every kind in connection with this Agreement (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement). Each Borrower hereby assents to, and waives notice of, any extension or postponement of the time for the payment of any of the Obligations, the acceptance
of any payment of any of the Obligations, the acceptance of any partial payment thereon, any waiver, consent or other action or acquiescence by Agent or Lenders at any time or times in respect of any default by any Borrower in the performance or
satisfaction of any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement, any and all other indulgences whatsoever by Agent or Lenders in respect of any of  
      31  

the Obligations, and the taking, addition, substitution or release, in whole or in part, at any time or times, of any security for any of the Obligations or the addition, substitution or release,
in whole or in part, of any Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower assents to any other action or delay in acting or failure to act on the part of any Agent or Lender with respect to the failure by any Borrower to
comply with any of its respective Obligations, including any failure strictly or diligently to assert any right or to pursue any remedy or to comply fully with applicable laws or regulations thereunder, which might, but for the provisions of this
 Section 2.15  afford grounds for terminating, discharging or relieving any Borrower, in whole or in part, from any of its Obligations under this  Section 2.15 , it being the intention of each Borrower that, so long as any of the
Obligations hereunder remain unsatisfied, the Obligations of each Borrower under this  Section 2.15  shall not be discharged except by performance and then only to the extent of such performance. The Obligations of each Borrower under this
 Section 2.15  shall not be diminished or rendered unenforceable by any winding up, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation, reconstruction or similar proceeding with respect to any other Borrower or any Agent or Lender.  
 (f) Each Borrower represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that such Borrower is currently informed of the financial condition of
Borrowers and of all other circumstances which a diligent inquiry would reveal and which bear upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations. Each Borrower further represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that such Borrower has read and
understands the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents. Each Borrower hereby covenants that such Borrower will continue to keep informed of Borrowers  financial condition and of all other circumstances which bear upon the risk of nonpayment
or nonperformance of the Obligations.    (g) The provisions of this  Section 2.15  are made for the benefit of Agent, each member
of the Lender Group, each Bank Product Provider, and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and may be enforced by it or them from time to time against any or all Borrowers as often as occasion therefor may arise and without requirement
on the part of Agent, any member of the Lender Group, any Bank Product Provider, or any of their successors or permitted assigns first to marshal any of its or their claims or to exercise any of its or their rights against any Borrower or to exhaust
any remedies available to it or them against any Borrower or to resort to any other source or means of obtaining payment of any of the Obligations hereunder or to elect any other remedy. The provisions of this  Section 2.15  shall remain
in effect until all of the Obligations shall have been paid in full or otherwise fully satisfied. If at any time, any payment, or any part thereof, made in respect of any of the Obligations, is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by
Agent or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower, or otherwise, the provisions of this  Section 2.15  will forthwith be reinstated in effect, as though such payment had not been made.  
 (h) Each Borrower hereby agrees that it will not enforce any of its rights of contribution or subrogation against any other Borrower with
respect to any liability incurred by it hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, any payments made by it to Agent or Lenders with respect to any of the Obligations or any collateral security therefor until such time as all of the
Obligations have been paid in full. Any claim which any Borrower may have against any other Borrower with respect to any payments to any Agent or any member of the Lender Group hereunder or under any of the Bank Product Agreements are hereby
expressly  
      32  

made subordinate and junior in right of payment, without limitation as to any increases in the Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, to the prior payment in full of the Obligations and, in
the event of any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, reorganization or other similar proceeding under the laws of any jurisdiction relating to any Borrower, its debts or its assets, whether voluntary or involuntary, all such
Obligations shall be paid in full before any payment or distribution of any character, whether in cash, securities or other property, shall be made to any other Borrower therefor.  
 (i) Each Borrower hereby agrees that after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, such Borrower will not demand,
sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any indebtedness of any other Borrower owing to such Borrower until the Obligations shall have been paid in full. If, notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, such Borrower shall collect, enforce or receive any
amounts in respect of such indebtedness, such amounts shall be collected, enforced and received by such Borrower as trustee for Agent, and such Borrower shall deliver any such amounts to Agent for application to the Obligations in accordance with
 Section 2.4(b) .      

3.  
  CONDITIONS; TERM OF AGREEMENT.       3. 1  Conditions Precedent to the Initial Extension
of Credit  . The obligation of each Lender to make available extensions of credit provided for hereunder is subject to the fulfillment, to the satisfaction of each Lender (or written waiver in accordance with  Section 14.1 ), of each
of the conditions precedent set forth on  Schedule 3.1  (the occurrence of the Closing Date being conclusively deemed to be its satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent).  
 3.2   Conditions Precedent to all Extensions of Credit  . The obligation of the Lender Group (or any member thereof) to make any
Revolving Loans hereunder (or, except as expressly set forth herein, to extend any other credit hereunder) at any time shall be subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver in accordance with  Section 14.1  of the following conditions
precedent:    (a) the representations and warranties of each Borrower contained in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents shall be
true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date of such
extension of credit, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material
respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of such earlier date); and  
 (b) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such extension of credit, nor shall either result from
the making thereof.    3.3   Maturity  . Subject to  Section 3.5 , this Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect for a term ending on the Maturity Date.  
      33  

3.4   Effect of Maturity .  On the Maturity Date, all Commitments of the Lender Group
to provide additional credit hereunder shall automatically be terminated and all of the Obligations immediately shall become due and payable without notice or demand and Borrowers shall be required to repay all of the Obligations in full. No
termination of the obligations of the Lender Group (other than payment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments) shall relieve or discharge any Loan Party of its duties, obligations, or covenants hereunder or under any other
Loan Document and Agent s Liens in the Collateral shall continue to secure the Obligations and shall remain in effect until all Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have been terminated. When all of the Obligations have been
paid in full and the Lender Group s obligations to provide additional credit under the Loan Documents have been terminated irrevocably, Agent s Liens on the Collateral shall be automatically released and discharged without the need of
further action by any party, and Agent will, at Borrowers  sole expense, execute and deliver any termination statements, lien releases, discharges of security interests, and other similar discharge or release documents (and, if applicable, in
recordable form) as are reasonably necessary to evidence the release, as of record, of Agent s Liens and all notices of security interests and liens previously filed by Agent.  
 3.5   Early Termination by Borrowers .  Borrowers have the option, at any time upon not less than ten (10) Business Days
prior written notice to Agent (or such shorter period as Agent may agree in its discretion), to terminate this Agreement and terminate the Commitments hereunder by repaying to Agent all of the Obligations in full. The foregoing notwithstanding,
(a) Borrowers may condition any such termination notice on the happening or occurrence of an event, and may rescind any such termination notice if such event does not happen or occur on or before the date of the proposed termination (in which
case, a new notice shall be required to be sent in connection with any subsequent termination), and (b) Borrowers may extend the date of termination specified in any such notice at any time; provided that an extension of more than
ten (10) days shall require the consent of Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).  
 3.6   Conditions Subsequent .  The obligation of the Lender Group (or any member thereof) to continue to make Revolving Loans (or
otherwise extend credit hereunder) is subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver in accordance with  Section 14.1 ), on or before the date applicable thereto, of the conditions subsequent set forth on  Schedule 3.6  (the
failure by Borrowers to so perform or cause to be performed such conditions subsequent as and when required by the terms thereof (unless such date is extended, in writing, by Agent, which Agent may do without obtaining the consent of the other
members of the Lender Group), shall constitute an Event of Default); provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the existence of any such condition subsequent would otherwise cause any representation, warranty or covenant in
this Agreement or any other Loan Document to be breached, Agent hereby waives such breach for the period from the Closing Date until the date on which such condition subsequent is required to be fulfilled pursuant to this  Section 3.6 .

4.  
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.       In order to induce the Lender Group to enter into this
Agreement, each Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to the Lender Group which shall be true, correct, and complete, in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be
 
      34  

applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the Closing Date, and shall be true, correct, and complete, in
all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the date of the making of each Revolving
Loan (or other extension of credit) made thereafter, as though made on and as of the date of such Revolving Loan (or other extension of credit) (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality
in the text thereof) as of such earlier date) and such representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement:  
 4.1   Due Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries .   
 (a) Each Loan Party (i) is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization,
(ii) is qualified to do business in any state where the failure to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) has all requisite power and authority to own or lease and operate its
properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby.  
 (b) Set forth on  Schedule 4.1(b)  is, as of the Closing Date, a complete and accurate description of the authorized Equity
Interests of each Borrower, by class, and, as of the Closing Date, a description of the number of shares of each such class that are issued and outstanding. No Borrower is subject to any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to repurchase or
otherwise acquire or retire any shares of its Equity Interests or any security convertible into or exchangeable for any of its Equity Interests.  
 (c) Set forth on  Schedule 4.1(c)  (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time to reflect changes resulting from
transactions permitted under this Agreement), is a complete and accurate list of the Loan Parties  direct and indirect Subsidiaries, showing: (i) the number of shares of each class of common and preferred Equity Interests authorized for
each of such Subsidiaries, and (ii) the number and the percentage of the outstanding shares of each such class owned directly or indirectly by Borrower. All of the outstanding Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary have been validly issued
and, to the extent applicable, are fully paid and non-assessable.    (d) Except as set forth on  Schedule 4.1(d) , there are no
subscriptions, options, warrants, or calls relating to any shares of any Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries  Equity Interests, including any right of conversion or exchange under any outstanding security or other instrument.  
      35  

4.2   Due Authorization; No Conflict .   
 (a) As to each Loan Party, the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action on the part of such Loan Party.    (b) As to each Loan Party, the
execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party do not and will not (i) violate any material provision of federal, state, or local law or regulation applicable to such Loan Party, the
Governing Documents of any Loan Party, or any material order, judgment, or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority binding on such Loan Party, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of
time or both) a default under any material agreement of such Loan Party where any such conflict, breach or default could individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) result in or require the
creation or imposition of any Lien of any nature whatsoever upon any assets of such Loan Party, other than Permitted Liens, or (iv) require any approval of any holder of Equity Interests of a Loan Party or any approval or consent of any Person
under any material agreement of any Loan Party, other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except, in the case of material agreements, for consents or approvals which the failure to obtain
could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect.    4.3   Governmental
Consents .  The execution, delivery, and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not require any
registration with, consent, or approval of, or notice to, or other action with or by, any Governmental Authority, other than (i) registrations, consents, approvals, notices, or other actions that have been obtained and that are still in force
and effect and except for filings and recordings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, which will be made timely, (ii) filings and recordings with respect to the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to Agent for
filing or recordation, as of the Closing Date and (iii) registrations, consents, approvals, notices, or other actions which the failure to obtain, make or take could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to cause a
Material Adverse Effect.    4.4   Binding Obligations; Perfected Liens .   
 (a) Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding
obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws
relating to or limiting creditors  rights generally.    (b) Agent s Liens are validly created, perfected (other than with respect
to Collateral in which Agent s Lien is not required to be perfected under the Loan Documents) and first priority Liens, subject only to Permitted Liens which are not required under the terms of the Loan Documents to be subordinated to
Agent s Liens.  
      36  

4.5   Title to Assets; No Encumbrances .  Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries
has (a) good, sufficient and legal title to (in the case of fee interests in Real Property), (b) valid leasehold interests in (in the case of leasehold interests in real or personal property), and (c) good and marketable title to (in
the case of all other personal property), all of their respective assets reflected in their most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to  Section 5.1 , in each case except for assets disposed of since the date of such financial
statements to the extent permitted hereby and except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All of such assets are free and clear of Liens except for Permitted Liens.  
 4.6   Litigation  .  
 (a) There are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened in writing against a Loan Party or
any of its Subsidiaries that either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
 (b)  Schedule 4.6(b)  sets forth a complete and accurate description, with respect to each of the actions, suits, or proceedings
with asserted liabilities in excess of, or that could reasonably be expected to result in liabilities in excess of, $100,000 that, as of the Closing Date, is pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, after due inquiry, threatened in writing
against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, of (i) the parties to such actions, suits, or proceedings, (ii) the nature of the dispute that is the subject of such actions, suits, or proceedings, (iii) the procedural status, as of
the Closing Date, with respect to such actions, suits, or proceedings, and (iv) whether any liability of the Loan Parties  and their Subsidiaries in connection with such actions, suits, or proceedings is covered by insurance.  
 (c)   Health Care Proceedings  . There is no pending (or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in writing) Health Care
Proceeding ongoing with respect to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 4.7   Compliance with Laws  . No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) is in violation of any Requirement of Law
(including Environmental Laws) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (b) is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees,
rules or regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.    4.8   No Material Adverse Effect  . All historical financial statements relating to the
Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries that have been delivered by Borrowers to Agent have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited financial statements, for the lack of footnotes, appropriate format, and being subject to
year-end audit adjustments) and present fairly in all material respects, the Loan Parties  and their Subsidiaries  consolidated financial condition as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period then ended, in conformity
with GAAP. Since December 31, 2015, no event, circumstance, or change has occurred that has or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries.  
      37  

4.9   Solvency  .  
 (a) The Loan Parties are Solvent on a consolidated basis and taken as a whole.  
 (b) No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party.  
 4.10   Employee Benefits  . No Loan Party, none of their Subsidiaries, nor any of their ERISA Affiliates maintains or contributes to
any Benefit Plan that either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.    4.11
  Environmental Condition .  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.11, (a) to each Borrower s knowledge, no Loan Party s nor any of its Subsidiaries  properties or assets has ever been used by a Loan Party, its
Subsidiaries, or by previous owners or operators in the disposal of, or to produce, store, handle, treat, release, or transport, any Hazardous Materials, where such disposal, production, storage, handling, treatment, release or transport was in
violation, in any material respect, of any applicable Environmental Law, (b) to each Borrower s knowledge, no Loan Party s nor any of its Subsidiaries  properties or assets has ever been designated or identified in any manner
pursuant to any environmental protection statute as a Hazardous Materials disposal site, (c) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice that a Lien arising under any Environmental Law has attached to any revenues or to any
Real Property owned or operated by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and (d) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any outstanding written order, consent decree, or settlement agreement with any Person relating to any
Environmental Law or Environmental Liability that, with respect to each of subparts (a), (b) or (d), that individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
 4.12   Complete Disclosure .  All factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information and projections and
other financial forecasts and budgets, information of a general economic nature and general information about Borrowers  industry, information and reports provided by third party advisors and information with respect to third parties that are
not Affiliates of the Loan Parties) furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent or any Lender (including all information contained in the Schedules hereto or in the other Loan Documents) for purposes of or in
connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is, and all other factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information, projections and other financial forecasts and budgets, information of a general economic
nature, general information about Borrowers  industry, information and reports provided by third party advisors and information with respect to third parties that are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties) hereafter furnished by or on behalf of a
Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent or any Lender will be, when furnished and taken as a whole, true and accurate, in all material respects, on the date as of which such information is dated or certified and does not and will not,
when furnished and taken as a whole, omit to state  
      38  

any material fact necessary to make such information (taken as a whole) not misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the circumstances under which such information was
provided, in each case, after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto subsequent to the date on which such information was dated, certified or furnished. The Projections delivered to Agent on June 1, 2016 were prepared and any
future Projections delivered to Agent will be prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by Borrowers to be reasonable at the time such assumptions were or are made (it being understood and agreed that financial performance projections
are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, that no assurances can be given that any particular financial projections will be realized and that actual
results during the period or periods covered thereby may differ materially from such projected or estimated results).    4.13   Patriot
Act.   To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with the (a) Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department
(31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (b) Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct
Terrorism (USA Patriot Act of 2001) (the   Patriot Act  ). No part of the proceeds of the loans made hereunder will be used by any Loan Party or any of their Affiliates, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any
governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in
violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.    4.14   Indebtedness  . Immediately after
giving effect to the closing hereunder on the Closing Date, no Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party has any Indebtedness outstanding other than Permitted Indebtedness.  
 4.15   Payment of Taxes  . Except as otherwise permitted under  Section 5.5 , all material Tax returns and reports of each
Loan Party and its Subsidiaries required to be filed by any of them have been timely filed, and all material Taxes shown on such Tax returns to be due and payable and all assessments, fees and other governmental charges upon a Loan Party and its
Subsidiaries and upon their respective assets, income, businesses and franchises that are due and payable have been paid when due and payable. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries have made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP for all
Taxes not yet due and payable. No Borrower knows of any proposed Tax assessment against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is not being appropriately contested by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary diligently, in good faith, and by
appropriate proceedings;  provided  such reserves or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made or provided therefor.  
 4.16   Margin Stock  . No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in
the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. No part of the proceeds of the loans made to Borrowers will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or for any purpose, in each case that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors.  
      39  

4.17   Governmental Regulation .  No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject
to regulation under the Federal Power Act or the Investment Company Act of 1940 or under any other federal or state statute or regulation which may limit its ability to incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or any portion of the
Obligations unenforceable. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is a  registered investment company  or a company  controlled  by a  registered investment company  or a  principal underwriter  of a
 registered investment company  as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940.    4.18   OFAC  .
No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any of the country or list based economic and trade sanctions administered and enforced by OFAC. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) is a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned
Entity, (b) has its assets located in Sanctioned Entities, or (c) revenues from investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons or Sanctioned Entities. No proceeds of any loan made hereunder will be used to fund any operations in,
finance any investments or activities in, or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity.    4.19   Employee and
Labor Matters .  There is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened in writing against any Borrower or its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority and no arbitration proceeding
pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened in writing against any Borrower or its Subsidiaries which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement and that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, (ii) no strike, labor dispute, slowdown, stoppage or similar action pending or, to the knowledge of Borrowers, threatened in writing against any Borrower or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, or (iii) to the knowledge of any Borrower, no union election petition pending with respect to the employees of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries and no union organizing activity taking place with respect to any of the employees
of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries, in each case in connection with their employment by any Borrower or its Subsidiaries. Since January 1, 2016, none of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability or obligation under the
Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or similar state law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied, except to the extent such violations could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Since January 1, 2016, the hours worked and payments made to employees of each Borrower and its Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act, except to the extent such violations could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All material payments due from any Borrower and its Subsidiaries on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as
a liability on the books of Borrowers, except where the failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
 4.20   Intentionally Omitted .   
 4.21   Leases .  In each case except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and its
Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed  
      40  

possession under all leases material to their business and to which they are parties or under which they are operating, and, subject to Permitted Protests, all of such material leases are valid
and subsisting and no material default by the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiaries exists under any of them.    4.22   Eligible
Accounts  . As to each Account that is identified by Borrowers as an Eligible Account in a Borrowing Base Certificate submitted to Agent, such Account is (a) a bona fide existing payment obligation of the applicable Account Debtor created
by the sale and delivery of Inventory or the rendition of services to such Account Debtor in the ordinary course of the Borrowers  business and (b) not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria (other than
any such criteria that is subject to the discretion or Permitted Discretion of Agent) set forth in the definition of Eligible Accounts.  
 4.23   Intentionally Omitted .   
 4.24   Intentionally Omitted .   
 4.25   Intentionally Omitted .   
 4.26   Regulatory Compliance .   
 (a) Each Loan Party is in compliance with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, directives, standards, guidances, policies or orders
issued by relevant Regulatory Authorities, except to the extent any such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party has, and it and its products are in conformance with, all Registrations that
are required to conduct its business as currently conducted, or as proposed to be conducted, except to the extent the failure to have, or any non-conformance, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Regulatory
Authority has limited, suspended or revoked such Registrations or required changes to the marketing classification or labeling or other significant parameter related to any product of a Loan Party, which, in each case, could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of each Loan Party, any third party that is a manufacturer, supplier, distributor or contractor for any Loan Party is in compliance with all Registrations required by relevant Regulatory
Authorities and all Public Health Laws that reasonably pertain to product components of, accessories to, or products regulated as drugs or medical devices and marketed or distributed by such Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent any such
non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party is aware of any reasonable basis for any Regulatory Action by that Regulatory Authority that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.    (b) All products designed, developed, investigated, manufactured, prepared, assembled, packaged, tested, labeled, distributed,
promoted, sold or marketed by or on behalf of any Loan Party that are subject to the jurisdiction of any Regulatory Authority have been and are being, to the knowledge of each Loan Party, designed, developed, investigated, manufactured, prepared,
assembled, packaged, tested, labeled, distributed, promoted, sold and marketed in compliance with the Public Health Laws and, to the knowledge of each Loan Party, have been (to the extent applicable) for the previous six years, except, in each case,
to the extent any such  
      41  

non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All activities conducted by the Loan Parties are conducted in compliance with applicable Public Health Laws, to
the extent any such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.    (c) No Loan Party is subject to
any obligation arising under a Regulatory Action, and no such obligation has been threatened in writing, except, in each case, those that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no Regulatory Action or other
civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, demand, claim, complaint, hearing, investigation, demand letter, proceeding or request for information pending against any Loan Party or an officer, director, or employee of any Loan Party, in each
case, in such capacity, and no Loan Party has any liability (whether actual or contingent) for failure to comply with any Public Health Laws, that, in each case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 (d) No Loan Party is undergoing any inspection by any Regulatory Authority related to any activities or products of any Loan Party that are
subject to Public Health Laws or has received any written notice or written communication from any Regulatory Authority alleging noncompliance with any Public Health Law, except, in each case, those that could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Efect. No product has been seized, withdrawn, recalled, detained, or subject to a suspension of research, manufacturing, distribution or commercialization activity that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
No proceedings seeking the withdrawal, recall, revocation, suspension, import detention, or seizure of any product are pending or, to such Loan Party s knowledge, threatened in writing against any Loan Party that could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.    4.27   Intentionally Omitted .   
 4.28   Health Care Matters .   
 (a)  Compliance with Health Care Laws; Health Care Permits; Third Party Payors.  Each Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is in
compliance with all Health Care Laws applicable to it and its assets, business or operations, except to the extent any such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries
(i) holds in full force and effect (without default, violation or noncompliance) all Health Care Permits necessary for it to own, lease, sublease or operate its assets and to conduct its business and operations as presently conducted and
(ii) to the extent required under applicable laws, has obtained and maintains accreditation from all applicable recognized accreditation agencies, in each case with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) except to the extent which could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.    (b)  Material Statements.  No Borrower, and to each Borrower s
knowledge, no officer, managing employee or director of any Borrower, in each case, in such capacity, has made an untrue statement of a material fact or fraudulent statement to any Governmental Authority, failed to disclose a material fact that must
be disclosed to any Governmental Authority, or committed an act, made a statement or failed to make a statement that, at the time such statement, disclosure or failure to disclose occurred and when taken as a whole, would constitute a violation of
any Health Care Law that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
      42  

(c)  HIPAA.  Each Loan Party and each of their respective Subsidiaries is in compliance with
HIPAA (to the extent applicable to such Loan party or Subsidiary), except where any non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. In each contractual arrangement that is subject to HIPAA, and to the extent (and
for so long as) applicable to any Loan Party and each of their respective Subsidiaries, such Person has: (i) entered into a written business associate agreement (as such term is defined under the HIPAA regulations) that substantially meets the
requirements of HIPAA; (ii) at all times complied in all material respects with such business associate agreements in respect of the HIPAA privacy or security standards; and (iii) at no time experienced or had a material unauthorized use
or disclosure of Protected Health Information (as defined in the HIPAA regulations) or privacy or security breach or other privacy or security incident within the meaning of HIPAA, except, in each case, where any such action or inaction could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.    (d)   Corporate Integrity Agreement .  No Borrower, and to each
Borrower s knowledge, no officer, managing employee or director of any Borrower, in each case, in such capacity, is a party to or bound by any individual integrity agreement, corporate integrity agreement, corporate compliance agreement,
deferred prosecution agreement, or other similar written agreement with any Governmental Authority concerning compliance with Health Care Laws or the requirements of any Health Care Permit that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.      

5.  
  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.       Each Borrower covenants and agrees that, until termination of
all of the Commitments and payment in full of the Obligations:    5.1   Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates .  Borrowers
(a) will deliver to Agent each of the financial statements, reports, and other items set forth on  Schedule 5.1  no later than the times specified therein, (b) agree that no Subsidiary of a Loan Party will have a fiscal year
different from that of Administrative Borrower, (c) agree to maintain a system of accounting that enables Borrowers to produce financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (d) agree that they will, and will cause each other Loan Party
to, (i) keep books and records that are materially correct and sufficient to allow Borrower to prepare such other reports with respect to its assets and business activities as are required by this Agreement. Documents required to be delivered
pursuant to  Schedule 5.1  (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are posted on Borrowers  behalf on the
website of the SEC (including, for the avoidance of doubt, periodic financial statements filed on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as applicable).  
 5.2   Reporting .  Borrowers (a) will deliver to Agent each of the reports set forth on  Schedule 5.2  at the times
specified therein, and (b) agree to use commercially reasonable efforts in cooperation with Agent to facilitate and implement a system of electronic collateral reporting in order to provide electronic reporting of each of the items set forth on
such Schedule.  
      43  

5.3   Existence  . Except as otherwise permitted under  Section 6.3  or
 Section 6.4 , each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect such Person s valid existence and good standing in its jurisdiction of organization and, except as
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, good standing in all other jurisdictions in which it is qualified to do business and any rights, franchises, permits, licenses, accreditations, authorizations, or other
approvals material to their businesses.    5.4   Maintenance of Properties  . Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, maintain and preserve all of its assets that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear, tear, casualty, condemnation, obsolescence and Permitted Dispositions
excepted, except where the failure to so maintain and preserve such assets could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 5.5   Taxes  . Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay in full before delinquency or before the
expiration of any extension period all material governmental assessments and Taxes imposed, levied, or assessed against it, or any of its assets or in respect of any of its income, businesses, or franchises, except to the extent that the validity of
such governmental assessment or Tax is the subject of a Permitted Protest.    5.6   Insurance  . Each Loan Party will, at such
Loan Party s expense, maintain insurance covering such Loan Party s assets wherever located, covering liabilities, losses or damages as are customarily insured against by other Persons engaged in same or similar businesses and similarly
situated and located. All such policies of insurance shall be with financially sound and reputable insurance companies and in such amounts as are carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses
similarly situated and located. All certificates of personal property and general liability insurance (other than any pollution legal liability policy, representation and warranty policy, workers  compensation policy, directors and officers
indemnification policy and any property policy that provides coverage exclusively for any property of the Loan Parties that is not Collateral) are to be delivered to Agent, with the loss payable (but only in respect of Collateral) and additional
insured endorsements in favor of Agent and shall provide for not less than 30 days (10 days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation;  provided  that, notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event Agent receives any such insurance proceeds, Agent shall promptly apply such proceeds to the Obligations for application in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents. If any Borrower or its Subsidiaries fails to maintain
such insurance, then upon notice to Borrowers, Agent may arrange for such insurance, but at Borrowers  expense and without any responsibility on Agent s part for obtaining the insurance, the solvency of the insurance companies, the
adequacy of the coverage, or the collection of claims. Borrowers shall give Agent prompt notice of any loss exceeding $1,000,000 covered by their or their Subsidiaries  casualty or business interruption, medical malpractice insurance or product
recall or liability insurance. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the right to file claims under any  
      44  

personal property and general liability insurance policies in respect of the Collateral on which Agent is identified as lender loss payee or additional insured, as applicable, to receive, receipt
and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement
of any claims under any such insurance policies.    5.7   Inspection .   
 (a) Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit Agent and its duly authorized representatives or agents to visit
any of its properties and inspect any of its assets or books and records, to examine and make copies of its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances, and accounts with, and to be advised as to the same by, its officers and employees
(provided an authorized representative of a Borrower shall be allowed to be present) at such reasonable times and intervals as Agent may designate and, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with reasonable prior
notice to Borrowers and during regular business hours; provided that Agent shall direct such representatives or agents to comply with the confidentiality provisions of  Section 17.9 ; provided, further, that so long as no Default or Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, not more than one such visit or inspection may be conducted during any fiscal year.    (b)
Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit Agent and each of its duly authorized representatives or agents to conduct field examinations at such reasonable times and intervals as Agent may designate (subject to the
limitations set forth in  Section 2.10(c) ) and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with reasonable prior notice to Borrowers and during regular business hours; provided that Agent shall direct such
representatives or agents to comply with the confidentiality provisions of  Section 17.9 .    5.8   Compliance with
Laws  . Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all applicable Requirements of Law except where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all Public Health Laws and their implementation by any applicable Governmental Authority and all
lawful requests of any Governmental Authority applicable to its products except to the extent the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to,
continue to operate all facilities, locations, and processes in compliance with all Registrations and Public Health Laws, except to the extent the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All products
designed, developed, investigated, manufactured, prepared, assembled, packaged, tested, labeled, distributed, promoted, sold or marketed by or on behalf of any Borrower or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries that are subject to the
jurisdiction of any Regulatory Authority shall be designed, developed, investigated, manufactured, prepared, assembled, packaged, tested, labeled, distributed, promoted, sold and marketed in compliance with the Public Health Laws, except to the
extent the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
      45  

5.9   Environmental  . Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to,
   (a) Keep any property either owned or operated by any Borrower or its Subsidiaries free of any Environmental Liens or post bonds or other
financial assurances sufficient to satisfy the obligations or liability evidenced by such Environmental Liens,    (b) Comply, in all
material respects, with Environmental Laws and provide to Agent documentation of such compliance which Agent reasonably requests,    (c)
Promptly notify Agent of any release of which any Borrower has knowledge of a Hazardous Material in any reportable quantity from or onto property owned or operated by any Borrower or its Subsidiaries and take any Remedial Actions required to abate
said release or otherwise to come into compliance, in all material respects, with applicable Environmental Law, and    (d) Promptly, but in
any event within 5 Business Days of its receipt thereof, provide Agent with written notice of any of the following: (i) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against any of the real or personal property of a Borrower or its
Subsidiaries, (ii) commencement of any Environmental Action or written notice that an Environmental Action will be filed against a Borrower or its Subsidiaries, and (iii) written notice of a violation, citation, or other administrative
order from a Governmental Authority.    5.10   Disclosure Updates  . Each Borrower will, promptly and in no event later than
5 Business Days after obtaining knowledge thereof, notify Agent if any factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information, projections and other financial forecasts and budgets, information of a general economic
nature, general information about Borrowers  industry, information and reports provided by third party advisors and information with respect to third parties that are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties) furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party
or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent or any Lender was not, when furnished and taken as a whole, true and accurate, in all material respects, on the date as of which such information was dated or certified, or, when furnished and taken as a
whole, omitted to state any material fact necessary to make such information (taken as a whole) not misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the circumstances under which such information was provided, in each case, after giving
effect to all supplements and updates thereto subsequent to the date on which such information was dated, certified or furnished. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, any notification pursuant to the foregoing provision will not cure or
remedy the effect of the prior untrue statement of a material fact or omission of any material fact nor shall any such notification have the effect of amending or modifying this Agreement or any of the Schedules hereto.  
 5.11   Formation of Subsidiaries  . Each Borrower will, at the time that any Loan Party forms any direct or indirect Subsidiary or
acquires any direct or indirect Subsidiary after the Closing Date, within 30 days of such formation or acquisition (or such later date as permitted by Agent in its sole discretion) (a) cause such new Subsidiary to provide to Agent a
joinder to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, together with such other security agreements with respect to any assets or property of such new Subsidiary constituting Collateral, as well as appropriate financing statements, all in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent (including being  
      46  

sufficient to grant Agent a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in and to the assets of such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary constituting Collateral (as defined in the Guaranty
and Security Agreement);  provided , that the joinder to the Guaranty and Security Agreement and such other security agreements shall not be required to be provided to Agent with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary, and (b) provide to Agent
all other documentation, including one or more customary opinions of counsel reasonably satisfactory to Agent, which, in its reasonable opinion, is customary and appropriate with respect to the execution and delivery of the applicable documentation
referred to above. Any document, agreement, or instrument executed or issued pursuant to this  Section 5.11  shall constitute a Loan Document.  
 5.12   Further Assurances  . Each Borrower will, and will cause each of the other Loan Parties to, at any time upon the reasonable
request of Agent, execute or deliver to Agent any and all joinder agreements, financing statements, security agreements, pledges, assignments and all other documents (the   Additional Documents  ) that Agent may reasonably request in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, to create, perfect, and continue perfected Agent s Liens on the Collateral (whether now owned or hereafter arising or acquired, tangible or intangible), and in order to fully consummate all
of the transactions contemplated hereby and under the other Loan Documents, subject in all cases to any limitations set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including  Section 5.11 ). To the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, if any Borrower or any other Loan Party refuses or fails to execute or deliver any reasonably requested Additional Documents within a reasonable period of time following the request to do so, each Borrower and each other Loan Party
hereby authorizes Agent to execute any such Additional Documents in the applicable Loan Party s name and authorizes Agent to file such executed Additional Documents in any appropriate filing office. In furtherance of, and not in limitation of,
the foregoing, each Loan Party shall take such actions as Agent may reasonably request from time to time to ensure that the Obligations are guarantied by the Guarantors and are secured by the Collateral of such Loan Parties.  
 5.13   Lender Meetings  . Borrowers will, within 30 days after delivery of the annual audited financial statements of Borrowers
for each fiscal year, at the request of Agent or of the Required Lenders and upon reasonable prior notice, hold a meeting (at a mutually agreeable location and time or, at the option of Agent, by conference call) with all Lenders who choose to
attend such meeting at which meeting shall be reviewed the financial results of the previous fiscal year and the financial condition of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries and the projections presented for the current fiscal year of Administrative
Borrower.    5.14   Intentionally Omitted  .  
 5.15   Compliance with Health Care Laws  .  
 (a) Each Loan Party and each of their respective Subsidiaries will comply with all applicable Health Care Laws, except to the extent the
failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.    (b) Each Loan Party and each of their respective
Subsidiaries shall (i) obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all material Health Care Permits which are necessary
 
      47  

or useful in the proper conduct of its business; and (ii) keep and maintain all records required to be maintained by any Governmental Authority or otherwise under any Health Care Law, except
where any failure to so act in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
 (c) Each Loan Party and each of their respective Subsidiaries shall maintain a corporate and health care regulatory compliance program
(  RCP  ) which addresses the requirements of applicable Health Care Laws, and includes at least the following components to the extent required by such Health Care Laws: (i) standards of conduct and procedures that describe
compliance policies regarding laws with an emphasis on prevention of fraud and abuse; (ii) a specific officer within high-level personnel identified as having overall responsibility for compliance with such standards and procedures;
(iii) training and education programs which effectively communicate the compliance standards and procedures to employees and agents, including fraud and abuse laws and illegal billing practices; (iv) auditing and monitoring systems and
reasonable steps for achieving compliance with such standards and procedures including publicizing a reporting system to allow employees and other agents to anonymously report criminal or suspect conduct and potential compliance problems;
(v) disciplinary guidelines and consistent enforcement of compliance policies including discipline of individuals responsible for the failure to detect violations of the RCP as required by applicable Requirements of Law; and
(vi) mechanisms to promptly respond to detected violations of the RCP. Each Loan Party and each of their respective Subsidiaries shall modify such RCPs from time to time, as may be necessary to ensure continuing compliance with all applicable
Health Care Laws. Upon request, the Agent (and/or its consultants) shall be permitted to review such RCPs, subject to applicable confidentiality requirements.  
 5.16   Health Care Notices  . Promptly following any Loan Party obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of any of the following,
notify Agent if: (i) a Regulatory Authority initiates a Regulatory Action or any other enforcement action against any Loan Party or any supplier of a Loan Party that causes any Loan Party to recall, withdraw, remove or discontinue marketing or
conducting clinical research on any of its products that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) a Regulatory Authority issues or undertakes a Regulatory Action with respect to any Loan Party or any of its
activities or products that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) any Loan Party conducts a mandatory or voluntary recall which could reasonably be expected to result in liability and expense to the Loan Parties
of $1,000,000 or more (except to the extent covered (other than to the extent of applicable deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has not denied coverage); (iv) any Loan Party enters into a settlement agreement with CMS or any
Regulatory Authority that results in aggregate liability as to any single or related series of transactions, incidents or conditions of $1,000,000 or more (except to the extent covered (other than to the extent of applicable deductibles) by
insurance pursuant to which the insurer has not denied coverage) or that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (v) a Regulatory Authority revokes any authorization or permission granted under any Registration, or
any Loan Party withdraws any Registration, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
      48  

6.  
  NEGATIVE COVENANTS .      Each Borrower covenants and agrees that, until termination of all
of the Commitments and payment in full of the Obligations:    6.1   Indebtedness  . No Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, suffer to exist, guarantee, or otherwise become or remain, directly or indirectly, liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except for Permitted Indebtedness.  
 6.2   Liens  . No Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, or suffer to
exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on or with respect to any of its assets, of any kind, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except for Permitted Liens.  
 6.3   Restrictions on Fundamental Changes  . No Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to:  
 (a) Other than in order to consummate a Permitted Acquisition, enter into any merger, consolidation, reorganization, or recapitalization, or
reclassify its Equity Interests, except for (i) any such transaction between Loan Parties,  provided , that a Borrower must be the surviving entity of any such merger or consolidation to which it is a party, (ii) any merger between a
Loan Party and a Subsidiary of such Loan Party that is not a Loan Party so long as such Loan Party is the surviving entity of any such merger or consolidation, and (iii) any such transaction between Subsidiaries of any Borrower that are not
Loan Parties,    (b) liquidate, wind up, or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), except for (i) the liquidation
or dissolution of non-operating Subsidiaries of any Borrower with nominal assets and nominal liabilities, (ii) the liquidation or dissolution of a Loan Party (other than any Borrower) or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries so long as all of
the assets (including any interest in any Equity Interests) of such liquidating or dissolving Loan Party or Subsidiary are transferred to a Loan Party that is not liquidating or dissolving, or (iii) the liquidation or dissolution of a
Subsidiary of any Borrower that is not a Loan Party so long as all of the assets of such liquidating or dissolving Subsidiary are transferred to a Subsidiary of a Borrower that is not liquidating or dissolving; provided that with respect to any such
Subsidiary the Equity Interests of which (or any portion thereof) are subject to a Lien in favor of Agent), the assets of such Subsidiary are transferred to another Subsidiary the Equity Interests of which (or not less than a corresponding portion
thereof) are subject to a Lien in favor of Agent, or    (c) suspend or cease operating a substantial portion of its or their business,
except (i) as permitted pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) above, (ii) in connection with a transaction permitted under  Section 6.4  or (iii) solely with respect to any Subsidiary of Borrower, if such suspension or
cessation of business could not reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the Agent or any Lender, as determined by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion.  
 6.4   Disposal of Assets  . Other than Permitted Dispositions or transactions expressly permitted by  Sections 6.3 
or  6.9 , no Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, convey, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of (or enter into an agreement to convey, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, or
otherwise dispose of, except to  
      49  

the extent such agreement is conditioned upon obtaining prior written consent from Agent or contemplates the payment in full of the Obligations upon consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby, or is otherwise consented to in writing by Agent) any of its assets.    6.5   Nature of Business  . No Borrower shall,
and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any material change in the nature of its or their business as conducted on the Closing Date or acquire any properties or assets that are not reasonably related to the conduct of such
business activities;  provided , that the foregoing shall not prevent any Borrower and its Subsidiaries from engaging in any business that is reasonably related, incidental or ancillary to its or their business.  
 6.6   Prepayments and Amendments  . No Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to:  
 (a) Except in connection with Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by  Section 6.1 ,  
 (i) optionally prepay, redeem, defease, purchase, or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries, other than in
respect of (A) the Obligations in accordance with this Agreement, (B) Permitted Intercompany Advances, (C) Indebtedness that has been contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations if such optional prepayment,
redemption, defeasement, purchase or acquisition is permitted at such time under the subordination terms applicable thereto, (D) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets
securing such Indebtedness, or (E) other Indebtedness so long as all such payments in respect of such optional prepayments, redemptions, defeasements, purchases or acquisitions do not exceed $15,000,000 in the aggregate,  plus  an
unlimited amount so long as, on a  pro forma  basis immediately after giving effect to any such optional prepayment, redemption, defeasement, purchase or acquisition, Total Liquidity shall be at least $40,000,000;  
 (ii) make any payment on account of Indebtedness that has been contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations if such
payment is not permitted at such time under the subordination terms applicable thereto, or    (b) Directly or indirectly, amend, modify, or
change any of the terms or provisions of    (i) any agreement, instrument, document, indenture, or other writing evidencing or concerning
Permitted Indebtedness other than (A) the Obligations in accordance with this Agreement, (B) Indebtedness permitted under clauses (c), (g), (h), (j), (k), (l), (m), (r)(x), (s), (t), (u) and (x) of the definition of
Permitted Indebtedness, (C) Indebtedness that has been contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations if such amendment, modification or change is permitted at such time under the subordination terms applicable thereto, and
(D) any other Permitted Indebtedness (including Refinancing Indebtedness permitted hereunder) so long as such amendment, modification or change under this clause (D) is not materially adverse to the interests of the Agent or any Lender, or
 
      50  

(ii) the Governing Documents of any Loan Party if the effect thereof, either individually or in
the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of Agent or any of the Lenders (it being understood that any amendment, modification or other change to the Governing Documents of any Loan Party that is necessary
to affect any transaction permitted by  Section 6.3  or  Section 6.9  shall be deemed to be not materially adverse to Agent or any of the Lenders).  
 6.7   Restricted Payments  . No Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Restricted
Payment, except (to the extent permitted by law):    (a) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or
would result therefrom, any Subsidiary may make distributions directly or indirectly to a Borrower to permit such Borrower to make distributions to current or former employees, officers, or directors of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (or
any spouses, ex-spouses, estates, trusts, heirs or other beneficiaries of any of the foregoing) to repurchase Equity Interests of such Borrower held by such Persons, to make payments in respect of any Indebtedness issued pursuant to clause (m)
of the definition of  Permitted Indebtedness  or to make payments to such Persons to permit such Persons to pay taxes associated with the receipt or exercise of Equity Interests of such Borrower held by such Persons; provided, that the
aggregate amount of such distributions made by such Borrower under this clause (a) during any fiscal year shall not exceed $250,000,  
 (b) any Subsidiary may make distributions directly or indirectly to a Borrower to permit such Borrower to make non-cash distributions to
current or former employees, officers, or directors of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (or any spouses, ex-spouses, estates, trusts, heirs or other beneficiaries of any of the foregoing), solely in the form of forgiveness of Indebtedness of
such Persons owing to such Borrower that was incurred as a result of an Investment made by such Persons pursuant to clause (j)(x) of the definition of  Permitted Investments  to the extent that such forgiveness occurs in connection
with the repurchase of such Equity Interests of such Borrower so purchased by such Persons,    (c) any Subsidiary may make distributions
directly or indirectly to a Borrower to permit such Borrower to (i) pay franchise or similar taxes and other fees required to maintain the legal existence of such Borrower, (ii) pay out-of-pocket legal, accounting and filing costs and
other expenses in the nature of overhead and liabilities in the ordinary course of business of such Borrower in an aggregate amount not to exceed $250,000 in any fiscal year and (iii) pay directors  fees, expenses and indemnities
owing to directors of such Borrower,    (d) distributions may be made (i) by any Subsidiary to any Loan Party, (ii) by any
Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, (iii) by any non-wholly owned Subsidiary (excluding any directors  qualifying shares in such determination) to each owner of Equity Interests of such
Subsidiary pro rata based on their relative ownership interests and (iv) by any Subsidiary payable solely in Qualified Equity Interests of such Subsidiary,  
 (e) any Subsidiary may make distributions directly or indirectly to a Borrower to permit such Borrower to (i) so long as no Default or
Event of Default shall have occurred and  
      51  

be continuing or would result therefrom, make cash payments in lieu of issuing fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options, or other securities convertible into or
exchangeable for Equity Interests of such Borrower, (ii) make distributions constituting non-cash repurchases of Equity Interests of such Borrower that are deemed to occur upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible
into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of such Borrower if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such warrants, options or other securities, and (iii) make distributions in the form of Qualified Equity Interests
of such Borrower (so long as such issuance does not result in a Change of Control),    (f) any Subsidiary may make distributions directly or
indirectly to a Borrower to permit such Borrower to make (i) any payment in respect of a transaction permitted by  Section 6.9  or  Section 6.10 , (ii) any payment required to be made, including any working capital
adjustment, expense reimbursement payment or purchase price adjustment, pursuant to any documentation governing a Permitted Acquisition or any documentation governing a Permitted Disposition, and (iii) Permitted Intercompany Advances; and  
 (g) distributions may be made by any Loan Party to any owner of Equity Interests of such Loan Party, so long as (i) no Default or Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) immediately after giving effect to any such distribution on a  pro forma  basis, (x) the Total Liquidity shall be at least $25,000,000 and
(iii) Availability, at all times during the 60 consecutive days immediately preceding the date of any such distribution, and on a  pro forma  basis immediately after giving effect to such distribution, shall not be less than $2,500,000.
   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this  Section 6.7 , any Restricted Payment that is described above may be made,
directly or indirectly, by any Subsidiary of a Loan Party to such Loan Party and further distributed by such Loan Party to any direct or indirect parent entity thereof, so long as such Restricted Payment is applied toward the purpose or payment that
is described in the applicable clauses above (if any).    6.8   Accounting Methods  . No Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, modify or change its fiscal year or its method of accounting (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP).  
 6.9   Investments  . No Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make or
acquire any Investment or incur any liabilities (including contingent obligations) for or in connection with any Investment except for Permitted Investments.  
 6.10   Transactions with Affiliates  . No Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly, enter into or permit to exist any transaction with any Affiliate of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than transactions between or among Loan Parties and transactions between or among Subsidiaries of Loan Parties that are
not Loan Parties) except for:    (a) transactions between such Borrower or its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Affiliate of such
Borrower or its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, so long as such  
      52  

transactions (i) are disclosed in reasonable detail to Agent prior to the consummation thereof, if they involve one or more payments by such Borrower or its Subsidiaries in excess of
$250,000 for any single transaction or series of related transactions, and (ii) are no less favorable, taken as a whole, to such Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, than would be obtained in an arm s length transaction with a
non-Affiliate;    (b) so long as it has been approved by such Borrower s or its applicable Subsidiary s board of directors (or
comparable governing body) in accordance with applicable law, any indemnity provided for the benefit of any officers and directors (or comparable managers) of such Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary;  
 (c) with respect to, or for the benefit of, any officer, director or employee of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries, (i) payment of
compensation, severance, bonuses, commissions and other amounts (including reasonable expense reimbursement of business expenses), (ii) employment and severance, (iii) entering into, and payments in accordance with, employment agreements,
services agreements, consulting agreements and other similar agreements for the performance of duties or services for or on behalf of such Borrower or its Subsidiaries, (iv) establishment and maintenance of, and payments in respect of, benefit
programs or arrangements, including vacation plans, health and life insurance plans, deferred compensation plans and retirement or savings plans and similar plans, and (v) establishment and maintenance of, and payments in respect of, employee
incentive programs, including equity option plans, equity incentive plans and other similar equity-based compensation and benefits programs, in each case consistent with industry practice taking into account competitive concerns;  
 (d) transactions permitted by  Section 6.3  or  Section 6.7 , or any Permitted Intercompany Advance;  
 (e) the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests so long as such issuance does not result in a Change of Control;  
 (f) transactions between or among any Loan Party and any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party that are otherwise expressly set
forth and permitted herein, subject in all cases to any limitations or conditions applicable thereto;    (g) any tax sharing agreement or
arrangement governing the sharing of Taxes (and Tax benefits) among members of any affiliated, unitary or other similar group for Tax purposes of which the Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries are members; and  
 (h) any Permitted Genotek Transaction.  
 6.11   Use of Proceeds  . No Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of any Loan
made hereunder for any purpose other than (a) on the Closing Date, to pay the fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, in each case, as set forth in the Flow of Funds Agreement, and (b) thereafter, consistent with the terms and conditions hereof, for their lawful and permitted purposes, including to finance the working capital
needs of the Loan Parties and for general corporate purposes, to consummate Permitted Acquisitions and other Permitted  
      53  

Investments and to pay fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith (including that no part of the proceeds of the Loans made to Borrowers will be used to purchase or carry Margin
Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or for any other purpose, in each case to the extent such use of proceeds would violate the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of
Governors).    6.12   Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests  . Except for the issuance or sale of Qualified Equity Interests,
no Borrower shall, and no Borrower shall permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue or sell any of its Equity Interests.      

7.  
  FINANCIAL COVENANT.       Each Borrower covenants and agrees that, until termination of all
of the Commitments and payment in full of the Obligations, during any Covenant Testing Period, the Loan Parties shall not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal month during such Covenant Testing Period and for any
Measurement Period, to be less than 1.10 to 1.00.      

8.  
  EVENTS OF DEFAULT .      Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of
default (each, an   Event of Default  ) under this Agreement:    8.1   Payments  . If Borrowers fail to pay when
due and payable, or when declared due and payable, (a) all or any portion of the Obligations consisting of interest, fees, or charges due the Lender Group, reimbursement of Lender Group Expenses, or other amounts (other than any portion thereof
constituting principal) constituting Obligations (including any portion thereof that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency
Proceeding), and such failure continues for a period of 3 Business Days, (b) all or any portion of the principal of the Loans, or (c) any amount payable to Issuing Bank in reimbursement of any drawing under a Letter of Credit;  
 8.2   Covenants  . If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries:  
 (a) fails to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of (i)  Sections 3.6 ,  5.1 ,  5.2 ,
 5.3  (solely with respect to the obligation of each Loan Party to maintain its existence),  5.6 ,  5.7  (solely if any Borrower refuses to allow Agent or its representatives or agents to visit any Borrower s properties, inspect
its assets or books or records, examine and make copies of its books and records, or discuss Borrowers  affairs, finances, and accounts with officers and employees of any Borrower in each case in accordance with the terms thereof),  5.10 ,
 5.11  or  5.13  of this Agreement, (ii)  Section 6  of this Agreement, (iii)  Section 7  of this Agreement, or (iv) Section 7 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement;  
 (b) fails to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of  Sections 5.3  (other than with respect to the
obligation of each Loan Party to maintain its existence),  5.5 ,  5.8 ,  5.12  and  5.15  of this Agreement and such failure continues for a period of ten (10) days after the earlier of (i) the date on which such
failure shall first become known to any officer of any Borrower or (ii) the date on which written notice thereof is given to Borrowers by Agent; or  
      54  

(c) fails to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in this Agreement, or
in any of the other Loan Documents, in each case, other than any such covenant or agreement that is the subject of another provision of this  Section 8  (in which event such other provision of this  Section 8  shall govern), and
such failure continues for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any officer of any Borrower or (ii) the date on which written notice thereof is given to Borrowers by
Agent;    8.3   Judgments  . If one or more final judgments, orders, or awards for the payment of cash involving an aggregate
amount of $1,000,000, or more (except to the extent covered (other than to the extent of applicable deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has not denied coverage) is entered or filed against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries,
or with respect to any of their respective assets, and either (a) there is a period of 60 consecutive days at any time after the entry of any such judgment, order, or award during which (1) the same is not discharged, satisfied,
vacated, or bonded pending appeal, or (2) a stay of enforcement thereof is not in effect, in each case, except to the extent that the terms of such judgment, order or award specifically provide for a longer payment term and the applicable Loan
Party timely discharges or satisfies such obligations during such specified longer term, or (b) enforcement proceedings are commenced upon such judgment, order, or award;  
 8.4   Voluntary Bankruptcy, etc.   If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries;  
   8.5   Involuntary Bankruptcy, etc.   If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries
and any of the following events occur: (a) such Loan Party or such Subsidiary consents to the institution of such Insolvency Proceeding against it, (b) the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not timely controverted,
(c) the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not dismissed within 60 calendar days of the date of the filing thereof, (d) an interim trustee is appointed to take possession of all or any substantial portion of the
properties or assets of, or to operate all or any substantial portion of the business of, such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, or (e) an order for relief shall have been issued or entered therein;  
   8.6   Default Under Other Agreements  . If any Loan Party defaults in the performance of its obligations under any agreement
governing Indebtedness in an outstanding principal amount of $1,000,000 or more, and such default (i) occurs at the final maturity of the obligations thereunder, or (ii) results in a right by such third Person, irrespective of whether
exercised, to accelerate the maturity of such Loan Party obligations thereunder;      8.7   Representations, etc.   If any
warranty, representation, certificate, statement, or Record made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or delivered in writing to Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document proves to be untrue
in any material respect (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of the date of issuance or making or deemed
making thereof;  
      55  

8.8   Guaranty  . If the obligation of any Guarantor under the guaranty contained in
the Guaranty and Security Agreement is limited or terminated by operation of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or in connection with any transaction permitted by this Agreement or any other Loan
Document);    8.9   Security Documents  . If the Guaranty and Security Agreement or any other Loan Document that purports to
create a Lien in favor of Agent in any Collateral, shall, for any reason, fail or cease to create a valid and perfected and first priority (subject to Permitted Liens which are not required under the terms of the Loan Documents to be subordinated to
Agent s Liens), except (a) in connection with any transaction permitted under this Agreement (including any release of any Lien on any Collateral in connection therewith), or (b) as the result of an action or failure to act on the
part of Agent or any Lender;    8.10   Loan Documents  . The validity or enforceability of any Loan Document shall at any time for
any reason (other than solely as the result of an action or failure to act on the part of Agent or any Lender) be declared to be null and void, or a proceeding shall be commenced by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or by any Governmental Authority
having jurisdiction over a Loan Party, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or a Loan Party shall deny that such Loan Party has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document; or  
 8.11   Change of Control  . A Change of Control shall occur.  
 8.12   Intentionally Omitted  .  
 8.13   Regulatory Authority  . (i) a Regulatory Authority issues or undertakes a Regulatory Action with respect to any Loan
Party or any of its activities or products which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) any Loan Party conducts a mandatory or voluntary recall which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(iv) any Loan Party enters into a settlement agreement with any Regulatory Authority that that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (iv) a Regulatory Authority revokes any authorization or permission granted
under any Registration, or any Loan Party withdraws any Registration, in each case that could reasonably be expect to have a Material Adverse Effect.      

9.  
  RIGHTS AND REMEDIES .      9.1   Rights and Remedies.   Upon the occurrence and
during the continuation of an Event of Default, Agent may, and, at the instruction of the Required Lenders, shall (in each case under clauses (a) or (b) by written notice to Borrowers), in addition to any other rights or remedies
provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document or by applicable law, do any one or more of the following:    (a) (i) declare
the principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of, the Loans and all other Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations),  
      56  

whether evidenced by this Agreement or by any of the other Loan Documents to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the same shall become and be immediately due and payable and Borrowers shall
be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full, without presentment, demand, protest, or further notice or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower, and (ii) direct Borrowers to provide
(and Borrowers agree that upon receipt of such notice Borrowers will provide) Letter of Credit Collateralization to Agent to be held as security for Borrowers  reimbursement obligations for drawings that may subsequently occur under issued and
outstanding Letters of Credit;    (b) declare the Commitments terminated, whereupon the Commitments shall immediately be terminated together
with (i) any obligation of any Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans, (ii) the obligation of the Swing Lender to make Swing Loans, and (iii) the obligation of Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit; and  
 (c) exercise all other rights and remedies available to Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents, under applicable law, or in equity.
   The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in  Section 8.4  or
 Section 8.5 , in addition to the remedies set forth above, without any notice to Borrowers or any other Person or any act by the Lender Group, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the Obligations (other than the Bank Product
Obligations), inclusive of the principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of, the Loans and all other Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), whether evidenced by this Agreement or by any of the
other Loan Documents, shall automatically become and be immediately due and payable and Borrowers shall automatically be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full (including Borrowers being obligated to provide (and Borrowers agree that
they will provide) (1) Letter of Credit Collateralization to Agent to be held as security for Borrowers  reimbursement obligations in respect of drawings that may subsequently occur under issued and outstanding Letters of Credit and
(2) Bank Product Collateralization to be held as security for Borrowers  or their Subsidiaries  obligations in respect of outstanding Bank Products (except as such Bank Products are allowed by the applicable Bank Product Provider to
remain outstanding without being required to be repaid or cash collateralized), without presentment, demand, protest, or notice or other requirements of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by Borrowers.  
 9.2   Remedies Cumulative  . The rights and remedies of the Lender Group under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and all
other agreements shall be cumulative. The Lender Group shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided under the Code, by law, or in equity. No exercise by the Lender Group of one right or remedy shall be deemed an
election, and no waiver by the Lender Group of any Event of Default shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by the Lender Group shall constitute a waiver, election, or acquiescence by it.  

10.  
  WAIVERS; INDEMNIFICATION .      10.1   Demand; Protest; etc.   Each Borrower waives
demand, protest, notice of protest, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, nonpayment at maturity,  
      57  

release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees at any time held by the Lender Group on which any Borrower may in any way be
liable.    10.2   The Lender Group s Liability for Collateral  . Each Borrower hereby agrees that: (a) so long as Agent
complies with its obligations, if any, under the Code, the Lender Group shall not in any way or manner be liable or responsible for: (i) the safekeeping of the Collateral, (ii) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising in any manner
or fashion from any cause, (iii) any diminution in the value thereof, or (iv) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, forwarding agency, or other Person, and (b) all risk of loss, damage, or destruction of the
Collateral shall be borne by Borrowers.    10.3   Indemnification  . Each Borrower shall pay, indemnify, defend, and hold the
Agent-Related Persons, the Lender-Related Persons, and each Participant (each, an   Indemnified Person  ) harmless (to the fullest extent permitted by law) from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations,
proceedings, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and all reasonable fees and disbursements of attorneys, experts, or consultants and all other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith or in connection with the
enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought), at any time asserted against, imposed upon, or incurred by any of them (a) in connection with or as a result of or related to the
execution and delivery (provided that Borrowers shall not be liable for costs and expenses (including attorneys  fees) of any Lender (other than Wells Fargo) incurred in advising, structuring, drafting, reviewing, administering or syndicating
the Loan Documents), enforcement, performance, or administration (including any restructuring or workout with respect hereto) of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the monitoring of
the Loan Parties  compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents ( provided , that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall not extend to (i) disputes solely between or among Indemnified Persons that do not involve any
violation of the Loan Documents by any Loan Party; it being understood and agreed that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall extend to Agent (but not the Lenders) relative to disputes between or among Agent on the one hand, and one or
more Lenders, or one or more of their Affiliates, on the other hand, or (ii) any Taxes or any costs attributable to Taxes, which shall be governed by  Section 16 ), (b) with respect to any actual or prospective investigation,
litigation, or proceeding related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the making of any Loans or issuance of any Letters of Credit hereunder, or the use of the proceeds of the Loans or the Letters of Credit provided hereunder (irrespective
of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto), or any act, omission, event, or circumstance in any manner related thereto, and (c) in connection with or arising out of any presence or release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under, to or
from any assets or properties owned, leased or operated by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Environmental Actions, Environmental Liabilities or Remedial Actions related in any way to any such assets or properties of any Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries (each and all of the foregoing, the   Indemnified Liabilities  ). The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, no Borrower shall have any obligation to any Indemnified Person under this  Section 10.3 
with respect to any Indemnified Liability that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person or its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, or
agents; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Borrower s indemnification obligations  
      58  

under this  Section 10.3  include any Indemnified Liabilities in respect of legal fees, disbursements and expenses in excess of the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees of
one firm of counsel to the Indemnified Parties, taken as a whole, and, to the extent necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction and one regulatory counsel to the Indemnified Parties, taken as a whole, and solely in the case of an
actual or perceived conflict of interest, where the Indemnified Party affected by such conflict informs the Borrowers of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, one additional firm of counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group
of similarly situated affected Indemnified Persons (but excluding, in all cases, the allocated costs of in-house or internal counsel to any Indemnified Person). This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment in full
of the Obligations. If any Indemnified Person makes any payment to any other Indemnified Person with respect to an Indemnified Liability as to which Borrowers were required to indemnify the Indemnified Person receiving such payment, the Indemnified
Person making such payment is entitled to be indemnified and reimbursed by Borrowers with respect thereto.  WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE FOREGOING INDEMNITY SHALL APPLY TO EACH INDEMNIFIED PERSON WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES WHICH IN WHOLE
OR IN PART ARE CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENT ACT OR OMISSION OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON OR OF ANY OTHER PERSON, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN.       
   Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices or demands relating
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be in writing and (except for financial statements and other informational documents which may be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid) shall be personally delivered or sent by registered or
certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, electronic mail (at such email addresses as a party may designate in accordance herewith), or telefacsimile. In the case of notices or demands to any Loan Party or Agent,
as the case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below:      
 
      59  

Any party hereto may change the address at which they are to receive notices hereunder, by notice in writing
in the foregoing manner given to the other party. All notices or demands sent in accordance with this  Section 11 , shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or 3 Business Days after the deposit thereof in
the mail;  provided , that (a) notices sent by overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received, (b) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal
business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient) and (c) notices by electronic mail shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an
acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the  return receipt requested  function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgment).      

12.  
  CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER; JUDICIAL REFERENCE PROVISION .      (a)  THE
VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT), THE CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF AND THEREOF, THE RIGHTS OF
THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO WITH RESPECT TO ALL MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES OR DISPUTES ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED
UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.       (b)  THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL
ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE TRIED AND LITIGATED ONLY IN THE STATE AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL
  
      60  

COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, STATE OF NEW YORK;  PROVIDED , THAT ANY SUIT SEEKING ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE BROUGHT, AT AGENT S OPTION, IN
THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE AGENT ELECTS TO BRING SUCH ACTION OR WHERE SUCH COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND. EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT EACH MAY
HAVE TO ASSERT THE DOCTRINE OF  FORUM   NON   CONVENIENS  OR TO OBJECT TO VENUE TO THE EXTENT ANY PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS  SECTION 12(b) .   
   (c)  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP HEREBY WAIVE THEIR
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS, IF ANY, TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT
CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS (EACH A   CLAIM  ). EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP REPRESENT THAT EACH HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER AND EACH KNOWINGLY AND
VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.   
   (d)  EACH BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS
LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK AND THE STATE OF NEW YORK, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN
ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT AGENT MAY
OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.   
   (e)  NO CLAIM MAY BE MADE BY ANY PARTY HERETO AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR LOSSES IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY ACT, OMISSION, OR
  
      61  

EVENT OCCURRING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, AND EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES, AND AGREES NOT TO SUE UPON ANY CLAIM FOR SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT ACCRUED AND WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN OR
SUSPECTED TO EXIST IN ITS FAVOR.       (f)  IN THE EVENT ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING IS FILED IN A COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA (THE
  COURT  ) BY OR AGAINST ANY PARTY HERETO IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM AND THE WAIVER SET FORTH IN CLAUSE (C) ABOVE IS NOT ENFORCEABLE IN SUCH PROCEEDING, THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS:   
   (i)  WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE MATTERS SPECIFIED IN SUBCLAUSE (ii) BELOW, ANY CLAIM SHALL BE DETERMINED BY A GENERAL REFERENCE
PROCEEDING IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE SECTIONS 638 THROUGH 645.1. THE PARTIES INTEND THIS GENERAL REFERENCE AGREEMENT TO BE SPECIFICALLY ENFORCEABLE. VENUE FOR THE REFERENCE PROCEEDING SHALL BE
IN THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA.       (ii)  THE FOLLOWING MATTERS SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO A GENERAL REFERENCE
PROCEEDING: (A) NON-JUDICIAL FORECLOSURE OF ANY SECURITY INTERESTS IN REAL OR PERSONAL PROPERTY, (B) EXERCISE OF SELF-HELP REMEDIES (INCLUDING SET-OFF OR RECOUPMENT), (C) APPOINTMENT OF A RECEIVER, AND (D) TEMPORARY, PROVISIONAL,
OR ANCILLARY REMEDIES (INCLUDING WRITS OF ATTACHMENT, WRITS OF POSSESSION, TEMPORARY RESTRAINING ORDERS, OR PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIONS). THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT LIMIT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO EXERCISE OR OPPOSE ANY OF THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES DESCRIBED
IN CLAUSES (A) - (D) AND ANY SUCH EXERCISE OR OPPOSITION DOES NOT WAIVE THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO PARTICIPATE IN A REFERENCE PROCEEDING PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER MATTER.   
   (iii)  UPON THE WRITTEN REQUEST OF ANY PARTY, THE PARTIES SHALL SELECT A SINGLE REFEREE, WHO SHALL BE A RETIRED JUDGE OR JUSTICE. IF
THE PARTIES DO NOT AGREE UPON A REFEREE WITHIN 10 DAYS OF SUCH WRITTEN REQUEST, THEN, ANY PARTY SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO REQUEST THE COURT TO APPOINT A REFEREE PURSUANT TO CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE SECTION 640(B). THE REFEREE SHALL
BE APPOINTED TO SIT WITH ALL OF THE POWERS PROVIDED BY LAW. PENDING APPOINTMENT OF THE REFEREE, THE COURT SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO ISSUE TEMPORARY OR PROVISIONAL REMEDIES.   
   (iv)  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE REFEREE SHALL DETERMINE THE MANNER IN WHICH
  
      62  

THE REFERENCE PROCEEDING IS CONDUCTED INCLUDING THE TIME AND PLACE OF HEARINGS, THE ORDER OF PRESENTATION OF EVIDENCE, AND ALL OTHER QUESTIONS THAT ARISE WITH RESPECT TO THE COURSE OF THE
REFERENCE PROCEEDING. ALL PROCEEDINGS AND HEARINGS CONDUCTED BEFORE THE REFEREE, EXCEPT FOR TRIAL, SHALL BE CONDUCTED WITHOUT A COURT REPORTER, EXCEPT WHEN ANY PARTY SO REQUESTS A COURT REPORTER AND A TRANSCRIPT IS ORDERED, A COURT REPORTER SHALL BE
USED AND THE REFEREE SHALL BE PROVIDED A COURTESY COPY OF THE TRANSCRIPT. THE PARTY MAKING SUCH REQUEST SHALL HAVE THE OBLIGATION TO ARRANGE FOR AND PAY THE COSTS OF THE COURT REPORTER, PROVIDED THAT SUCH COSTS, ALONG WITH THE REFEREE S FEES,
SHALL ULTIMATELY BE BORNE BY THE PARTY WHO DOES NOT PREVAIL, AS DETERMINED BY THE REFEREE.       (v)  THE REFEREE MAY REQUIRE ONE
OR MORE PREHEARING CONFERENCES. THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE ENTITLED TO DISCOVERY, AND THE REFEREE SHALL OVERSEE DISCOVERY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES OF DISCOVERY, AND SHALL ENFORCE ALL DISCOVERY ORDERS IN THE SAME MANNER AS ANY TRIAL COURT JUDGE
IN PROCEEDINGS AT LAW IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.       (vi)  THE REFEREE SHALL APPLY THE RULES OF EVIDENCE APPLICABLE TO
PROCEEDINGS AT LAW IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA AND SHALL DETERMINE ALL ISSUES IN ACCORDANCE WITH CALIFORNIA SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL LAW. THE REFEREE SHALL BE EMPOWERED TO ENTER EQUITABLE AS WELL AS LEGAL RELIEF AND RULE ON ANY MOTION WHICH WOULD
BE AUTHORIZED IN A TRIAL, INCLUDING MOTIONS FOR DEFAULT JUDGMENT OR SUMMARY JUDGMENT. THE REFEREE SHALL REPORT HIS OR HER DECISION, WHICH REPORT SHALL ALSO INCLUDE FINDINGS OF FACT AND CONCLUSIONS OF LAW. THE REFEREE SHALL ISSUE A DECISION AND
PURSUANT TO CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE, SECTION 644, THE REFEREE S DECISION SHALL BE ENTERED BY THE COURT AS A JUDGMENT IN THE SAME MANNER AS IF THE ACTION HAD BEEN TRIED BY THE COURT. THE FINAL JUDGMENT OR ORDER FROM ANY
APPEALABLE DECISION OR ORDER ENTERED BY THE REFEREE SHALL BE FULLY APPEALABLE AS IF IT HAS BEEN ENTERED BY THE COURT.       (vii)
 THE PARTIES RECOGNIZE AND AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS RESOLVED IN A GENERAL REFERENCE PROCEEDING PURSUANT HERETO WILL BE DECIDED BY A REFEREE AND NOT BY A JURY. AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR OWN
CHOICE, EACH PARTY HERETO KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AND FOR THEIR MUTUAL BENEFIT AGREES THAT THIS REFERENCE PROVISION SHALL APPLY TO ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.   
      63  

13.  
  ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS; SUCCESSORS .      13.1   Assignments and
Participations  .    (a) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (a)(ii) below, any Lender may assign and delegate
all or any portion of its rights and duties under the Loan Documents (including the Obligations owed to it and its Commitments) to one or more Eligible Transferees (each, an   Assignee  ), with the prior written consent (such consent
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of:    (A) Borrowers;  provided , that no consent of Borrowers shall be required (1) if
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or (2) in connection with an assignment to a Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate (other than natural persons) of a Lender;  provided further , that Borrowers shall be deemed to have
consented to a proposed assignment unless they object thereto by written notice to Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; and  
 (B) Agent, Swing Lender, and Issuing Bank.  
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:  
 (A) no assignment may be made (i) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to a Disqualified Institution,
(ii) to a Competitor, or (iii) to a natural person, and any such assignment made in contravention of this clause (a) shall be void  ab initio ,  
 (B) no assignment may be made to a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party,  
 (C) the amount of the Commitments and the other rights and obligations of the assigning Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents
subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to Agent) shall be in a minimum amount (unless waived by Agent) of $5,000,000 (except such minimum amount shall not
apply to (I) an assignment or delegation by any Lender to any other Lender, an Affiliate of any Lender, or a Related Fund of such Lender or (II) a group of new Lenders, each of which is an Affiliate of each other or a Related Fund of such
new Lender to the extent that the aggregate amount to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least $5,000,000),    (D) each partial
assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement,  
 (E) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to Borrowers and Agent an Assignment and Acceptance;  provided , that
Borrowers and Agent may continue to deal solely and directly with the assigning Lender in connection with the interest so assigned to an Assignee until written notice of such assignment, together with payment instructions, addresses, and related
information with respect to the Assignee, have been given to Borrowers and Agent by such Lender and the Assignee,  
      64  

(F) unless waived by Agent, the assigning Lender or Assignee has paid to Agent, for Agent s
separate account, a processing fee in the amount of $3,500, and    (G) the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to Agent an
Administrative Questionnaire in a form approved by Agent (the   Administrative Questionnaire  ).    (b) From and after the
date that Agent receives the executed Assignment and Acceptance and, if applicable, payment of the required processing fee, (i) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been
assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, shall be a  Lender  and shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, and (ii) the assigning Lender shall, to the extent that rights and
obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights (except with respect to  Section 10.3 ) and be released from any future obligations under
this Agreement (and in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, such Lender shall cease to be a party
hereto and thereto);  provided , that nothing contained herein shall release any assigning Lender from obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement, including such assigning Lender s obligations under  Section 15 
and  Section 17.9(a) .    (c) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender thereunder and the
Assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no
responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document furnished pursuant hereto, (ii) such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Borrower or the performance or observance by any Borrower of any of
its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto, (iii) such Assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with such other documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance, (iv) such Assignee will, independently and without reliance upon Agent, such assigning Lender or any other Lender, and based on such
documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, (v) such Assignee appoints and authorizes Agent to take such actions and to
exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to Agent, by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, and (vi) such Assignee agrees that it will
perform all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.  
      65  

(d) Immediately upon Agent s receipt of the required processing fee, if applicable, and
delivery of notice to the assigning Lender pursuant to  Section 13.1(b) , this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to the extent, but only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of the Assignee and the resulting adjustment of
the Commitments arising therefrom. The Commitment allocated to each Assignee shall reduce such Commitments of the assigning Lender  pro tanto .  
 (e) Any Lender may at any time sell to one or more commercial banks, financial institutions, or other Persons (a
  Participant  ) participating interests in all or any portion of its Obligations, its Commitment, and the other rights and interests of that Lender (the   Originating Lender  ) hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents;  provided , that (i) the Originating Lender shall remain a  Lender  for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the Participant receiving the participating interest in the Obligations, the
Commitments, and the other rights and interests of the Originating Lender hereunder shall not constitute a  Lender  hereunder or under the other Loan Documents and the Originating Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain
unchanged, (ii) the Originating Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance of such obligations, (iii) Borrowers, Agent, and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with the Originating Lender in connection
with the Originating Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (iv) no Lender shall transfer or grant any participating interest under which the Participant has the right to approve any amendment
to, or any consent or waiver with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except to the extent such amendment to, or consent or waiver with respect to this Agreement or of any other Loan Document would (A) extend the final
maturity date of the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (B) reduce the interest rate applicable to the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (C) release all or substantially all of
the Collateral or guaranties (except to the extent expressly provided herein or in any of the Loan Documents) supporting the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (D) postpone the payment of, or reduce the amount of,
the interest or fees payable to such Participant through such Lender (other than a waiver of default interest), or (E) decreases the amount or postpones the due dates of scheduled principal repayments or prepayments or premiums payable to such
Participant through such Lender, (v) no participation shall be sold to a Disqualified Institution, Competitor or natural person, (vi) no participation shall be sold to a Loan Party, an Affiliate of a Loan Party, and (vii) all amounts
payable by Borrowers hereunder shall be determined as if such Lender had not sold such participation, except that, if amounts outstanding under this Agreement are due and unpaid, or shall have been declared or shall have become due and payable upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of set off in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest
were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement. The rights of any Participant only shall be derivative through the Originating Lender with whom such Participant participates and no Participant shall have any rights under this Agreement
or the other Loan Documents or any direct rights as to the other Lenders, Agent, Borrowers, the Collateral, or otherwise in respect of the Obligations. No Participant shall have the right to participate directly in the making of decisions by the
Lenders among themselves. No Participant shall receive (or be entitled to receive) any greater payment than the participating Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to  Section 16.1 .  
      66  

(f) In connection with any such assignment or participation or proposed assignment or
participation or any grant of a security interest in, or pledge of, its rights under and interest in this Agreement, a Lender may, subject to the provisions of  Section 17.9 , disclose all documents and information which it now or
hereafter may have relating to any Borrower and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses.    (g) Any other provision in this
Agreement notwithstanding, any Lender may at any time create a security interest in, or pledge, all or any portion of its rights under and interest in this Agreement in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the
Federal Reserve Bank or U.S. Treasury Regulation 31 CFR  203.24, and such Federal Reserve Bank may enforce such pledge or security interest in any manner permitted under applicable law.  
 (h) Agent (as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of Borrowers) shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, a register (the
  Register  ) on which it enters the name and address of each Lender as the registered owner of the Revolving Loans (and the principal amount thereof and stated interest thereon) held by such Lender (each, a   Registered
Loan  ). Other than in connection with an assignment by a Lender of all or any portion of its portion of the Revolving Loan to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender (i) a Registered Loan (and the registered note,
if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide) and (ii) any assignment or sale of all or part of
such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register, together with the surrender of the registered note, if any, evidencing the same duly
endorsed by (or accompanied by a written instrument of assignment or sale duly executed by) the holder of such registered note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s), one or more new registered notes in the
same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and prior to the registration of assignment or sale of any Registered Loan
(and the registered note, if any evidencing the same), Borrowers, the Agent and the Lenders shall treat the Person in whose name such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) is registered as the owner thereof for the
purpose of receiving all payments thereon and for all other purposes, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In the case of any assignment by a Lender of all or any portion of its Revolving Loan to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of
such Lender, and which assignment is not recorded in the Register, the assigning Lender, on behalf of Borrowers, shall maintain a register comparable to the Register.  
 (i) In the event that a Lender sells participations in the Registered Loan, such Lender, as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of Borrowers,
shall maintain (or cause to be maintained) a register on which it enters the name of all participants in the Registered Loans held by it (and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of such Registered Loans that is subject
to such participations) (the   Participant Register  ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Agent and the Lenders shall treat the Person in whose name such
Registered Loan is registered as the owner thereof for the purpose of receiving all payments thereon and for all other purposes, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. A Registered Loan (and the Registered Note, if any,
 
      67  

evidencing the same) may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation on the Participant Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide). Any
participation of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register.  
 (j) Agent shall make a copy of the Register (and each Lender shall make a copy of its Participant Register to the extent it has one) available
for review by Borrowers from time to time as Borrowers may reasonably request.    13.2   Successors  . This Agreement shall bind
and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of each of the parties;  provided , that no Borrower may assign this Agreement or any rights or duties hereunder without the Lenders  prior written consent and any
prohibited assignment shall be absolutely void  ab initio . No consent to assignment by the Lenders shall release any Borrower from its Obligations. A Lender may assign this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and its rights and duties
hereunder and thereunder pursuant to  Section 13.1  and, except as expressly required pursuant to  Section 13.1 , no consent or approval by any Borrower is required in connection with any such assignment.  
   
   14.1   Amendments and Waivers  .  
 (a) No amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than Bank Product
Agreements or the Fee Letter), and no consent with respect to any departure by any Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders (or by Agent at the written request of the Required
Lenders) and the Loan Parties that are party thereto and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective, but only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given;  provided , that no such waiver, amendment, or consent
shall, unless in writing and signed by all of the Lenders directly affected thereby and all of the Loan Parties that are party thereto, do any of the following:  
 (i) increase the amount of or extend the expiration date of any Commitment of any Lender,  
 (ii) postpone or delay any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees, or other
amounts due hereunder or under any other Loan Document (provided that any postponement or delay of any mandatory prepayments pursuant to  Section 2.4(e)  shall only require the consent of Required Lenders),  
 (iii) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest on, any Loan or other extension of credit hereunder, or reduce any fees or other
amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document (except (x) in connection with the waiver of applicability of  Section 2.6(c)  (which waiver shall be effective with the written consent of the Required Lenders),
(y) that any reduction, waiver or other modification of or with respect to any mandatory prepayments pursuant to  Section 2.4(e)  shall only require the consent of the Required Lenders and (z) that any amendment or modification
of defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or a reduction of fees for purposes of this clause (iii)),  
      68  

(iv) amend, modify, or eliminate this Section or any provision of this Agreement providing for
consent or other action by all Lenders,    (v) amend, modify, or eliminate  Section 3.1  or  3.2 ,  
 (vi) amend, modify, or eliminate  Section 15.11 ,  
 (vii) other than as permitted by  Section 15.11 , release Agent s Lien in and to any of the Collateral,  
 (viii) amend, modify, or eliminate the definitions of   Required Lenders   or   Pro Rata Share  ,  
 (ix) contractually subordinate any of Agent s Liens,  
 (x) other than in connection with a transaction expressly permitted by the terms hereof or the other Loan Documents, release any Borrower or
any Guarantor from any obligation for the payment of money or consent to the assignment or transfer by any Borrower or any Guarantor of any of its rights or duties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or  
 (xi) amend, modify, or eliminate any of the provisions of  Section 2.4(b)(i) ,  (ii)  or  (iii ) or
 Section 2.4(f) .    (b) No amendment, waiver, modification, or consent shall amend, modify, waive, or eliminate,  
 (i) the definition of, or any of the terms or provisions of, the Fee Letter, without the written consent of Agent and Borrowers (and shall
not require the consent of any of the Lenders),    (ii) any provision of  Section 15  pertaining to Agent, or any other rights or
duties of Agent under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of Agent, Borrowers, and the Required Lenders;  
 (c) No amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent shall, without written consent of Agent, Borrowers and the Supermajority
Lenders, amend, modify, or eliminate the definition of Borrowing Base or any of the defined terms (including the definitions of Eligible Accounts and Eligible Unbilled Accounts) that are used in such definition to the extent that any such change
results in more credit being made available to Borrowers based upon the Borrowing Base, but not otherwise, or the definition of Maximum Revolver Amount, or change  Section 2.1(c) ;  
 (d) No amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent shall amend, modify, or waive any provision of this Agreement or the other
Loan Documents pertaining to  
      69  

Issuing Bank, or any other rights or duties of Issuing Bank under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of Issuing Bank, Agent, Borrowers, and the Required
Lenders;    (e) No amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent shall amend, modify, or waive any provision of this Agreement or
the other Loan Documents pertaining to Swing Lender, or any other rights or duties of Swing Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of Swing Lender, Agent, Borrowers, and the Required Lenders; and  
 (f) Anything in this  Section 14.1  to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) any amendment, modification, elimination, waiver,
consent, termination, or release of, or with respect to, any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that relates only to the relationship of the Lender Group among themselves, and that does not affect the rights or obligations of any
Borrower, shall not require consent by or the agreement of any Loan Party, and (ii) any amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent of or with respect to any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be entered
into without the consent of, or over the objection of, any Defaulting Lender other than any of the matters governed by  Section 14.1(a)(i)  through  (iii)  that affect such Lender.  
 14.2   Replacement of Certain Lenders  .  
 (a) If (i) any action to be taken by the Lender Group or Agent hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all Lenders
or all Lenders affected thereby and if such action has received the consent, authorization, or agreement of the Required Lenders but not of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby, or (ii) any Lender makes a claim for compensation under
 Section 16 , then Borrowers or Agent, upon not less than five (5) Business Days prior irrevocable notice, may permanently replace any Lender that failed to give its consent, authorization, or agreement (a   Non-Consenting
Lender  ) or any Lender that made a claim for compensation (a   Tax Lender  ) with one or more Replacement Lenders, and the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall have no right to refuse to be replaced
hereunder. Such notice to replace the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given.  
 (b) Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, and each Replacement Lender shall
execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, being repaid in full its share of the outstanding Obligations (without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever, but
including (i) all interest, fees and other amounts that may be due in payable in respect thereof, and (ii) an assumption of its Pro Rata Share of participations in the Letters of Credit). If the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as
applicable, shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, Agent may, but shall not be required to, execute and deliver such Assignment and Acceptance in the name or
and on behalf of the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, and irrespective of whether Agent executes and delivers such Assignment and Acceptance, the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall be deemed to have
 
      70  

executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall be made in accordance with the terms of
 Section 13.1 . Until such time as one or more Replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, hereunder and
under the other Loan Documents, the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall remain obligated to make the Non-Consenting Lender s or Tax Lender s, as applicable, Pro Rata Share of Revolving Loans and to purchase a
participation in each Letter of Credit, in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of participations in such Letters of Credit.    14.3
  No Waivers; Cumulative Remedies  . No failure by Agent or any Lender to exercise any right, remedy, or option under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or delay by Agent or any Lender in exercising the same, will operate as a
waiver thereof. No waiver by Agent or any Lender will be effective unless it is in writing, and then only to the extent specifically stated. No waiver by Agent or any Lender on any occasion shall affect or diminish Agent s and each
Lender s rights thereafter to require strict performance by Borrowers of any provision of this Agreement. Agent s and each Lender s rights under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will be cumulative and not exclusive of any
other right or remedy that Agent or any Lender may have.      

15.  
  AGENT; THE LENDER GROUP .      15.1   Appointment and Authorization of Agent  .
Each Lender hereby designates and appoints Wells Fargo as its agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be
deemed to designate, appoint, and authorize) Agent to execute and deliver each of the other Loan Documents on its behalf and to take such other action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise
such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to Agent by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Agent agrees to act as agent for and on behalf of the
Lenders (and the Bank Product Providers) on the conditions contained in this  Section 15 . Any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document notwithstanding, Agent shall not have any duties
or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents, nor shall Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender (or Bank Product Provider), and no implied covenants, functions,
responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term  agent  in this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents with reference to Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of
market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only a representative relationship between independent contracting parties. Each Lender hereby further authorizes (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be
deemed to authorize) Agent to act as the secured party under each of the Loan Documents that create a Lien on any item of Collateral. Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement, Agent shall have and may use its sole discretion with
respect to exercising or refraining from exercising any discretionary rights or  
      71  

taking or refraining from taking any actions that Agent expressly is entitled to take or assert under or pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, or of any other provision of the Loan Documents that provides rights or powers to Agent, Lenders agree that Agent shall have the right to exercise the following powers as long as this Agreement remains in effect: (a) maintain,
in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Obligations, the Collateral, payments and proceeds of Collateral, and related matters, (b) execute or file any and all financing or similar
statements or notices, amendments, renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written agreements with respect to the Loan Documents, (c) make Revolving Loans, for itself or on behalf of Lenders, as
provided in the Loan Documents, (d) exclusively receive, apply, and distribute payments and proceeds of the Collateral as provided in the Loan Documents, (e) open and maintain such bank accounts and cash management arrangements as Agent
deems necessary and appropriate in accordance with the Loan Documents for the foregoing purposes, (f) perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and remedies of the Lender Group with respect to any Loan Party, the Obligations, the
Collateral, or otherwise related to any of same as provided in the Loan Documents, and (g) incur and pay such Lender Group Expenses as Agent may deem necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions and powers
pursuant to the Loan Documents.    15.2   Delegation of Duties  . Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document by or through agents, employees or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or
attorney in fact that it selects as long as such selection was made without gross negligence or willful misconduct.    15.3   Liability
of Agent  . None of the Agent-Related Persons shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby
(except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or its Affiliates,
or any officer or director thereof, contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for any failure of any Loan Party or any other party to any Loan Document to perform
its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or
conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the books and records or properties of any Loan Party.    15.4
  Reliance by Agent  . Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, telefacsimile or other electronic method of
transmission, telex or telephone message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent, or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel
(including counsel to Borrowers or counsel to any Lender), independent accountants and  
      72  

other experts selected by Agent. Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless Agent shall first receive such
advice or concurrence of the Lenders as it deems appropriate and until such instructions are received, Agent shall act, or refrain from acting, as it deems advisable. If Agent so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction
by the Lenders (and, if it so elects, the Bank Product Providers) against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting,
or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the
Lenders (and Bank Product Providers).    15.5   Notice of Default or Event of Default  . Agent shall not be deemed to have
knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest, fees, and expenses required to be paid to Agent for the account of the Lenders and, except with respect
to Events of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge, unless Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or Borrowers referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default, and stating that such notice is a
 notice of default.  Agent promptly will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice or of any Event of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge. If any Lender obtains actual knowledge of any Event of Default, such Lender
promptly shall notify the other Lenders and Agent of such Event of Default. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for giving any notices to its Participants, if any. Subject to  Section 15.4 , Agent shall take such action with respect to
such Default or Event of Default as may be requested by the Required Lenders in accordance with  Section 9 ;  provided , that unless and until Agent has received any such request, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such
action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable.    15.6
  Credit Decision  . Each Lender (and Bank Product Provider) acknowledges that none of the Agent-Related Persons has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by Agent hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs
of any Borrower and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender (or Bank Product Provider). Each Lender represents (and by entering into a Bank Product
Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to represent) to Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such due diligence, documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made
its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document, and all applicable bank regulatory laws
relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to Borrowers. Each Lender also represents (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall
be deemed to represent) that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and
decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and
creditworthiness of  
      73  

each Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document. Except for notices, reports, and other documents expressly herein required to be furnished to the Lenders by Agent, Agent shall not
have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender (or Bank Product Provider) with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any Borrower or any
other Person party to a Loan Document that may come into the possession of any of the Agent-Related Persons. Each Lender acknowledges (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that
Agent does not have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis (except to the extent, if any, that is expressly specified herein) to provide such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) with any credit or other information with
respect to any Borrower, its Affiliates or any of their respective business, legal, financial or other affairs, and irrespective of whether such information came into Agent s or its Affiliates  or representatives  possession before or
after the date on which such Lender became a party to this Agreement (or such Bank Product Provider entered into a Bank Product Agreement).  
 15.7   Costs and Expenses; Indemnification  . Agent may incur and pay Lender Group Expenses to the extent Agent reasonably deems
necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions, powers, and obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents, including court costs, attorneys  fees and expenses, fees and expenses of financial accountants, advisors and
consultants, costs of collection by outside collection agencies, auctioneer fees and expenses, and costs of security guards or insurance premiums paid to maintain the Collateral, whether or not Borrowers are obligated to reimburse Agent or Lenders
for such expenses pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. Agent is authorized and directed to deduct and retain sufficient amounts from payments or proceeds of the Collateral received by Agent to reimburse Agent for such out-of-pocket costs and
expenses prior to the distribution of any amounts to Lenders (or Bank Product Providers). In the event Agent is not reimbursed for such costs and expenses by Borrowers or their Subsidiaries, each Lender hereby agrees that it is and shall be
obligated to pay to Agent such Lender s ratable thereof. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, each of the Lenders, on a ratable basis, shall indemnify and defend the Agent-Related Persons (to the extent not
reimbursed by or on behalf of Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of Borrowers to do so) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities;  provided , that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of
any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting solely from such Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct nor shall any Lender be liable for the obligations of any Defaulting Lender in failing to make a Revolving Loan or other
extension of credit hereunder. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse Agent upon demand for such Lender s ratable share of any costs or out of pocket expenses (including attorneys, accountants, advisors, and
consultants fees and expenses) incurred by Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment, or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in
respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the extent that Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of Borrowers. The undertaking in this Section shall survive the payment of all
Obligations hereunder and the resignation or replacement of Agent.    15.8   Agent in Individual Capacity  . Wells Fargo and its
Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, provide Bank Products to,  
      74  

acquire Equity Interests in, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting, or other business with any Borrower and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any
other Person party to any Loan Document as though Wells Fargo were not Agent hereunder, and, in each case, without notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender Group. The other members of the Lender Group acknowledge (and by entering into
a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, pursuant to such activities, Wells Fargo or its Affiliates may receive information regarding a Borrower or its Affiliates or any other Person party to any
Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Borrower or such other Person and that prohibit the disclosure of such information to the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers), and the Lenders acknowledge (and by
entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver of such confidentiality obligations, which waiver Agent will use its reasonable best
efforts to obtain), Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. The terms  Lender  and  Lenders  include Wells Fargo in its individual capacity.  
 15.9   Successor Agent  . Agent may resign as Agent upon 30 days (10 days if an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing) prior written notice to the Lenders (unless such notice is waived by the Required Lenders) and Borrowers (unless such notice is waived by Borrowers) and without any notice to the Bank Product Providers. If Agent resigns under this
Agreement, the Required Lenders shall be entitled, with (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the consent of Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned), appoint a successor Agent for
the Lenders (and the Bank Product Providers). If, at the time that Agent s resignation is effective, it is acting as Issuing Bank or the Swing Lender, such resignation shall also operate to effectuate its resignation as Issuing Bank or the
Swing Lender, as applicable, and it shall automatically be relieved of any further obligation to issue Letters of Credit, or to make Swing Loans. If no successor Agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of Agent, Agent may
appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and Borrowers, a successor Agent. If Agent has materially breached or failed to perform any material provision of this Agreement or of applicable law, the Required Lenders may agree in writing to remove and
replace Agent with a successor Agent from among the Lenders with (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the consent of Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned). In any such event,
upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor Agent hereunder, such successor Agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers, and duties of the retiring Agent and the term  Agent  shall mean such successor Agent and the retiring
Agent s appointment, powers, and duties as Agent shall be terminated. After any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this  Section 15  shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to
be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. If no successor Agent has accepted appointment as Agent by the date which is 30 days following a retiring Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Agent s resignation shall
nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above.  
 15.10   Lender in Individual Capacity  . Any Lender and its respective Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the
account of, accept deposits from, provide Bank Products to, acquire Equity Interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust,  
      75  

financial advisory, underwriting, or other business with any Borrower and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any other Person party to any Loan Documents as though such Lender were not a Lender
hereunder without notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender Group (or the Bank Product Providers). The other members of the Lender Group acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be
deemed to acknowledge) that, pursuant to such activities, such Lender and its respective Affiliates may receive information regarding a Borrower or its Affiliates or any other Person party to any Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality
obligations in favor of such Borrower or such other Person and that prohibit the disclosure of such information to the Lenders, and the Lenders acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to
acknowledge) that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver of such confidentiality obligations, which waiver such Lender will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain), such Lender shall not be under any obligation to provide such
information to them.    15.11   Collateral Matters  .  
 (a) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to
authorize) Agent to release any Lien on any Collateral (i) in accordance with  Section 3.4 , upon the termination of the Commitments and payment in full by Borrowers of all of the Obligations, (ii) constituting property being
sold or disposed of if a release is required or desirable in connection therewith and if the sale or disposition is permitted under  Section 6.4 , (iii) constituting property in which no Loan Party owned any interest at the time
Agent s Lien was granted nor at any time thereafter, (iv) constituting property leased or licensed to a Loan Party under a lease or license that has expired or is terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or (v) in
connection with a credit bid or purchase authorized under this  Section 15.11 . The Loan Parties and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to
authorize) Agent, based upon the instruction of the Required Lenders, to (a) consent to, credit bid or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion of the Collateral at any sale thereof conducted
under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, (b) credit bid or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion of the Collateral at any sale or other
disposition thereof conducted under the provisions of the Code, including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the Code, or (c) credit bid or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion
of the Collateral at any other sale or foreclosure conducted or consented to by Agent in accordance with applicable law in any judicial action or proceeding or by the exercise of any legal or equitable remedy. In connection with any such credit bid
or purchase, (i) the Obligations owed to the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims being estimated for
such purpose if the fixing or liquidation thereof would not impair or unduly delay the ability of Agent to credit bid or purchase at such sale or other disposition of the Collateral and, if such contingent or unliquidated claims cannot be estimated
without impairing or unduly delaying the ability of Agent to credit bid at such sale or other disposition, then such claims shall be disregarded, not credit bid, and not entitled to any interest in the Collateral that is the subject of such credit
bid or purchase) and the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers whose Obligations are credit bid shall be entitled to receive interests (ratably based upon the proportion  
      76  

of their Obligations credit bid in relation to the aggregate amount of Obligations so credit bid) in the Collateral that is the subject of such credit bid or purchase (or in the Equity Interests
of any entities that are used to consummate such credit bid or purchase), and (ii) Agent, based upon the instruction of the Required Lenders, may accept non-cash consideration, including debt and equity securities issued by any entities used to
consummate such credit bid or purchase and in connection therewith Agent may reduce the Obligations owed to the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers (ratably based upon the proportion of their Obligations credit bid in relation to the aggregate
amount of Obligations so credit bid) based upon the value of such non-cash consideration. Except as provided above, Agent will not execute and deliver a release of any Lien on any Collateral without the prior written authorization of (y) if the
release is of all or substantially all of the Collateral, all of the Lenders (without requiring the authorization of the Bank Product Providers), or (z) otherwise, the Required Lenders (without requiring the authorization of the Bank Product
Providers). Upon request by Agent or Borrowers at any time, the Lenders will (and if so requested, the Bank Product Providers will) confirm in writing Agent s authority to release any such Liens on particular types or items of Collateral
pursuant to this  Section 15.11 ;  provided , that (1) anything to the contrary contained in any of the Loan Documents notwithstanding, Agent shall not be required to execute any document or take any action necessary to evidence
such release on terms that, in Agent s reasonable opinion, could reasonably be expected to expose Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Lien without recourse, representation, or
warranty, and (2) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly released) upon (or obligations of Borrowers in respect of) any and all interests retained by any
Borrower, including, the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Each Lender further hereby irrevocably authorize (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be
deemed to irrevocably authorize) Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to subordinate any Lien granted to or held by Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Permitted Lien on such property if such Permitted Lien secures
Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness.    (b) Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any of the Lenders (or the Bank Product
Providers) (i) to verify or assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by Borrowers or their Subsidiaries or is cared for, protected, or insured or has been encumbered, (ii) to verify or assure that Agent s Liens have been properly
or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected, or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, (iii) to verify or assure that any particular items of Collateral meet the eligibility criteria applicable in respect thereof,
(iv) to impose, maintain, increase, reduce, implement, or eliminate any particular reserve hereunder or to determine whether the amount of any reserve is appropriate or not, or (v) to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under
any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to Agent pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or
any act, omission, or event related thereto, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion given Agent s own interest in the Collateral in its capacity as one
of the Lenders and that Agent shall have no other duty or liability whatsoever to any Lender (or Bank Product Provider) as to any of the foregoing, except as otherwise expressly provided herein.  
      77  

15.12   Restrictions on Actions by Lenders; Sharing of Payments  .  
 (a) Each of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, without the express written consent of Agent, and that it shall, to the extent it is
lawfully entitled to do so, upon the written request of Agent, set off against the Obligations, any amounts owing by such Lender to any Loan Party or any deposit accounts of any Loan Party now or hereafter maintained with such Lender. Each of the
Lenders further agrees that it shall not, unless specifically requested to do so in writing by Agent, take or cause to be taken any action, including, the commencement of any legal or equitable proceedings to enforce any Loan Document against any
Loan Party or to foreclose any Lien on, or otherwise enforce any security interest in, any of the Collateral.    (b) If, at any time or
times any Lender shall receive (i) by payment, foreclosure, setoff, or otherwise, any proceeds of Collateral or any payments with respect to the Obligations, except for any such proceeds or payments received by such Lender from Agent pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement, or (ii) payments from Agent in excess of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of all such distributions by Agent, such Lender promptly shall (A) turn the same over to Agent, in kind, and with such endorsements
as may be required to negotiate the same to Agent, or in immediately available funds, as applicable, for the account of all of the Lenders and for application to the Obligations in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement, or
(B) purchase, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in the Obligations owed to the other Lenders so that such excess payment received shall be applied ratably as among the Lenders in accordance with their Pro
Rata Shares;  provided , that to the extent that such excess payment received by the purchasing party is thereafter recovered from it, those purchases of participations shall be rescinded in whole or in part, as applicable, and the applicable
portion of the purchase price paid therefor shall be returned to such purchasing party, but without interest except to the extent that such purchasing party is required to pay interest in connection with the recovery of the excess payment.  
 15.13   Agency for Perfection  . Agent hereby appoints each other Lender (and each Bank Product Provider) as its agent (and each
Lender hereby accepts (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to accept) such appointment) for the purpose of perfecting Agent s Liens in assets which, in accordance with Article 8 or
Article 9, as applicable, of the Code can be perfected by possession or control. Should any Lender obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify Agent thereof, and, promptly upon Agent s request therefor
shall deliver possession or control of such Collateral to Agent or in accordance with Agent s instructions.    15.14   Payments by
Agent to the Lenders  . All payments to be made by Agent to the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) shall be made by bank wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to such wire transfer instructions as each party may designate for
itself by written notice to Agent. Concurrently with each such payment, Agent shall identify whether such payment (or any portion thereof) represents principal, premium, fees, or interest of the Obligations.  
   15.15   Concerning the Collateral and Related Loan Documents  . Each member of the Lender Group authorizes and directs Agent
to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each member of the Lender Group agrees (and by entering into a Bank Product  
      78  

Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to agree) that any action taken by Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents relating to the
Collateral and the exercise by Agent of its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding upon all of the Lenders (and such Bank Product Provider).  
 15.16   Field Examination Reports; Confidentiality; Disclaimers by Lenders; Other Reports and Information  . By becoming a party to
this Agreement, each Lender:    (a) is deemed to have requested that Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after it becomes available, a copy
of each field examination report respecting any Loan Party (each, a   Report  ) prepared by or at the request of Agent, and Agent shall so furnish each Lender with such Reports,  
 (b) expressly agrees and acknowledges that Agent does not (i) make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any Report, and
(ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report,    (c) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not
comprehensive audits or examinations, that Agent or other party performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties  books and records, as well as
on representations of Borrowers  personnel,    (d) agrees to keep all Reports and other material, non-public information regarding
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries and their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans in a confidential manner in accordance with  Section 17.9 , and  
 (e) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees: (i) hold Agent and any
other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or fail to take or any conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any loans or other credit accommodations that
the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a loan or loans of Borrowers, and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend and
hold Agent, and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including, attorneys  fees and costs) incurred by Agent and any such other Lender
preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender.  
 (f) In addition to the foregoing, (x) any Lender may from time to time request of Agent in writing that Agent provide to such Lender a
copy of any report or document provided by any Loan Party to Agent that has not been contemporaneously provided by such Loan Party to such Lender, and, upon receipt of such request, Agent promptly shall provide a copy of same to such Lender,
(y) to the extent that Agent is entitled, under any provision of the Loan Documents, to request additional reports or information from any Loan Party, any Lender may, from time to time, reasonably request Agent to exercise such right as
specified in such  
      79  

Lender s notice to Agent, whereupon Agent promptly shall request of Borrowers the additional reports or information reasonably specified by such Lender, and, upon receipt thereof from such
Loan Party, Agent promptly shall provide a copy of same to such Lender, and (z) any time that Agent renders to Borrowers a statement regarding the Loan Account, Agent shall send a copy of such statement to each Lender.  
 15.17   Several Obligations; No Liability  . Notwithstanding that certain of the Loan Documents now or hereafter may have been or
will be executed only by or in favor of Agent in its capacity as such, and not by or in favor of the Lenders, any and all obligations on the part of Agent (if any) to make any credit available hereunder shall constitute the several (and not joint)
obligations of the respective Lenders on a ratable basis, according to their respective Commitments, to make an amount of such credit not to exceed, in principal amount, at any one time outstanding, the amount of their respective Commitments.
Nothing contained herein shall confer upon any Lender any interest in, or subject any Lender to any liability for, or in respect of, the business, assets, profits, losses, or liabilities of any other Lender. Each Lender shall be solely responsible
for notifying its Participants of any matters relating to the Loan Documents to the extent any such notice may be required, and no Lender shall have any obligation, duty, or liability to any Participant of any other Lender. Except as provided in
 Section 15.7 , no member of the Lender Group shall have any liability for the acts of any other member of the Lender Group. No Lender shall be responsible to any Borrower or any other Person for any failure by any other Lender (or Bank
Product Provider) to fulfill its obligations to make credit available hereunder, nor to advance for such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) or on its behalf, nor to take any other action on behalf of such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) hereunder
or in connection with the financing contemplated herein.      
   16.1   Payments  . All payments made by Borrowers
hereunder or under any note or other Loan Document will be made without setoff, counterclaim, or other defense, except to the extent required by applicable law. All such payments will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding
for, any present or future Indemnified Taxes, and in the event any deduction or withholding of Indemnified Taxes is required, Borrowers shall comply with the next sentence of this  Section 16.1 . If any Indemnified Taxes are so levied or
imposed, Borrowers agree to pay the full amount of such Indemnified Taxes and such additional amounts as may be necessary so that every payment of all amounts due under this Agreement, any note, or Loan Document, including any amount paid pursuant
to this  Section 16.1  after withholding or deduction for or on account of any Indemnified Taxes, will not be less than the amount provided for herein. Borrowers will furnish to Agent as promptly as possible after the date the payment of
any Indemnified Tax is due pursuant to applicable law, certified copies of Tax receipts evidencing such payment by Borrowers. Borrowers agree to pay any present or future stamp, value added or documentary Taxes or any other excise or property Taxes,
charges, or similar levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery, performance, recordation, or filing of, or otherwise with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than any such Taxes arising
as a result of an assignment, participation or other transfer hereunder).  
      80  

16.2   Exemptions  .  
 (a) If a Lender is entitled to claim an exemption or reduction from United States withholding Tax, such Lender shall deliver to Borrowers and
Agent one of the following (x) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement and (y) upon the reasonable request of the Agent or any Borrower:  
 (i) if such Lender is entitled to claim an exemption from United States withholding Tax pursuant to the portfolio interest exception,
(A) a statement of the Lender that it is not a (I) a  bank  as described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, (II) a 10% shareholder of Administrative Borrower (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) or
Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the IRC), or (III) a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the IRC, and (B) a properly completed and executed IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E;
   (ii) if such Lender is entitled to claim an exemption from, or a reduction of, withholding Tax under a United States Tax treaty, a
properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E;    (iii) if such Lender is entitled to claim that interest paid
under this Agreement is exempt from United States withholding Tax because it is effectively connected with a United States trade or business of such Lender, a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI;  
 (iv) if such Lender is entitled to claim that interest paid under this Agreement is exempt from United States withholding Tax because such
Lender serves as an intermediary, a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY (with proper attachments); or    (v) a properly
completed and executed copy of any other form or forms (or other documentation), including IRS Form W-9, as may be required under the IRC or other laws of the United States as a condition to exemption from, or reduction of, United States withholding
or backup withholding Tax.    (b) Each Lender shall provide new forms (or successor forms) upon the expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy
of any previously delivered forms and to promptly notify the Borrowers and Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction.  
 (c) If a Lender claims an exemption from withholding Tax in a jurisdiction other than the United States, such Lender shall deliver to the
Borrowers and Agent any such form or forms, as may be required under the laws of such jurisdiction as a condition to exemption from, or reduction of, foreign withholding or backup withholding Tax before receiving its first payment under this
Agreement, but only if such Lender is legally able to deliver such forms,  provided , that nothing in this  Section 16.2(c)  shall require a Lender to disclose any information that it deems to be confidential (including without
limitation, its tax returns). Each Lender shall provide new forms (or successor forms) upon the expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy of any previously delivered forms and to promptly notify the Borrowers and Agent of any change in circumstances
which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction.  
      81  

(d) If a Lender claims exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax and such Lender sells,
assigns, grants a participation in, or otherwise transfers all or part of the Obligations of Borrowers to such Lender, such Lender agrees to notify the Borrowers and Agent of the percentage amount in which it is no longer the beneficial owner of
Obligations of Borrowers to such Lender. With respect to such percentage amount, Assignee shall provide new documentation pursuant to  Section 16.2(a) , 16.2(c)  or  16.2(e) , as applicable.  
 (e) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender
were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrowers and Agent at the time or times prescribed
by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers and Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably
requested by the Borrowers or Agent as may be necessary for the Borrowers and Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the
amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (e),  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.  
 16.3   Reductions  .  
 (a) If a Lender is entitled to a reduction in the applicable withholding Tax, Agent or Borrowers, as applicable, may withhold from any
interest payment to such Lender an amount equivalent to the applicable withholding Tax after taking into account such reduction. If the forms or other documentation required by  Section 16.2(a) ,  16.2(c)  or  16.2(e), as
applicable  are not delivered to Agent or the Borrowers, then Agent or Borrowers, as applicable may withhold from any interest payment to such Lender not providing such forms or other documentation an amount equivalent to the applicable
withholding Tax.    (b) If the IRS or any other Governmental Authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that Agent
or the Borrowers did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender due to a failure on the part of the Lender (because the appropriate form was not delivered, was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed
to notify Agent or the Borrowers of a change in circumstances which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective, or for any other reason) such Lender shall indemnify and hold Agent or the Borrowers, as applicable,
harmless for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by Agent or the Borrowers, as applicable, as Tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, and including any Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction Agent or Borrowers, as applicable, under this
 Section 16 , together with all costs and expenses (including attorneys  fees and expenses). The obligation of the Lenders under this subsection shall survive the payment of all Obligations and the resignation or replacement of Agent.
 
      82  

16.4   Refunds   .  If Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that
it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes to which Borrowers have paid additional amounts pursuant to this  Section 16 , it shall pay over such refund to Borrowers (but only to the extent of payments made, or additional amounts
paid, by Borrowers under this  Section 16  with respect to Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such a refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the
applicable Governmental Authority with respect to such a refund); provided, that Borrowers, upon the request of Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to Borrowers (plus any penalties, interest or other charges, imposed by the
applicable Governmental Authority, other than such penalties, interest or other charges imposed as a result of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of Agent hereunder) to Agent or such Lender in the event Agent or such Lender is required to
repay such refund to such Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this  Section 16  shall not be construed to require Agent or any Lender to make available its
tax returns (or any other information which it deems confidential) to Borrowers or any other Person.      
   17.1   Effectiveness  . This Agreement shall be binding
and deemed effective when executed by each Borrower, Agent, and each Lender whose signature is provided for on the signature pages hereof.  
 17.2   Section Headings  . Headings and numbers have been set forth herein for convenience only. Unless the contrary is
compelled by the context, everything contained in each Section applies equally to this entire Agreement.    17.3
  Interpretation  . Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed against the Lender Group or any Borrower, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Agreement has been
reviewed by all parties and shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to accomplish fairly the purposes and intentions of all parties hereto.  
   17.4   Severability of Provisions  . Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this
Agreement for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision.      17.5   Bank Product
Providers  . Each Bank Product Provider in its capacity as such shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof and of the provisions of the other Loan Documents for purposes of any reference in a Loan Document to the parties for whom Agent
is acting. Agent hereby agrees to act as agent for such Bank Product Providers and, by virtue of entering into a Bank Product Agreement, the applicable Bank Product Provider shall be automatically deemed to have appointed Agent as its agent and to
have accepted the benefits of the Loan Documents. It is understood and agreed that the rights and benefits of each Bank Product Provider under the Loan Documents consist exclusively of such Bank Product Provider s being a beneficiary of the
Liens and security interests (and, if applicable, guarantees) granted to Agent and the right to share in payments and collections out of the Collateral as more fully set forth herein. In addition, each Bank Product Provider, by virtue of entering
into a Bank  
      83  

Product Agreement, shall be automatically deemed to have agreed that Agent shall have the right, but shall have no obligation, to establish, maintain, relax, or release reserves in respect of the
Bank Product Obligations and that if reserves are established there is no obligation on the part of Agent to determine or insure whether the amount of any such reserve is appropriate or not. In connection with any such distribution of payments or
proceeds of Collateral, Agent shall be entitled to assume no amounts are due or owing to any Bank Product Provider unless such Bank Product Provider has provided a written certification (setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation) to Agent as
to the amounts that are due and owing to it and such written certification is received by Agent a reasonable period of time prior to the making of such distribution. Agent shall have no obligation to calculate the amount due and payable with respect
to any Bank Products, but may rely upon the written certification of the amount due and payable from the applicable Bank Product Provider. In the absence of an updated certification, Agent shall be entitled to assume that the amount due and payable
to the applicable Bank Product Provider is the amount last certified to Agent by such Bank Product Provider as being due and payable (less any distributions made to such Bank Product Provider on account thereof). Borrowers may obtain Bank Products
from any Bank Product Provider, although Borrowers are not required to do so. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Bank Product Provider has committed to provide any Bank Products and that the providing of Bank Products by any Bank Product
Provider is in the sole and absolute discretion of such Bank Product Provider. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no provider or holder of any Bank Product shall have any voting or approval rights
hereunder (or be deemed a Lender) solely by virtue of its status as the provider or holder of such agreements or products or the Obligations owing thereunder, nor shall the consent of any such provider or holder be required (other than in their
capacities as Lenders, to the extent applicable) for any matter hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, including as to any matter relating to the Collateral or the release of Collateral or Guarantors.  
 17.6   Debtor-Creditor Relationship  . The relationship between the Lenders and Agent, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the
other hand, is solely that of creditor and debtor. No member of the Lender Group has (or shall be deemed to have) any fiduciary relationship or duty to any Loan Party arising out of or in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions
contemplated thereby, and there is no agency or joint venture relationship between the members of the Lender Group, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, by virtue of any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein.
     17.7   Counterparts; Electronic Execution  . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by
different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of
this Agreement by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by
telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding
effect of this Agreement. The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document  mutatis mutandis .  
      84  

17.8   Revival and Reinstatement of Obligations; Certain Waivers  .  
 (a) If any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider repays, refunds, restores, or returns in whole or in part, any payment or
property (including any proceeds of Collateral) previously paid or transferred to such member of the Lender Group or such Bank Product Provider in full or partial satisfaction of any Obligation or on account of any other obligation of any Loan Party
under any Loan Document or any Bank Product Agreement, because the payment, transfer, or the incurrence of the obligation so satisfied is asserted or declared to be void, voidable, or otherwise recoverable under any law relating to creditors 
rights, including provisions of the Bankruptcy Code relating to fraudulent transfers, preferences, or other voidable or recoverable obligations or transfers (each, a   Voidable Transfer  ), or because such member of the Lender Group
or Bank Product Provider elects to do so on the reasonable advice of its counsel in connection with a claim that the payment, transfer, or incurrence is or may be a Voidable Transfer, then, as to any such Voidable Transfer, or the amount thereof
that such member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider elects to repay, restore, or return (including pursuant to a settlement of any claim in respect thereof), and as to all reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys  fees of such member
of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider related thereto and required to be paid or reimbursed pursuant to the terms hereof, (i) the liability of the Loan Parties with respect to the amount or property paid, refunded, restored, or returned
will automatically and immediately be revived, reinstated, and restored and will exist and (ii) Agent s Liens securing such liability shall be effective, revived, and remain in full force and effect, in each case, as fully as if such
Voidable Transfer had never been made. If, prior to any of the foregoing, (A) Agent s Liens shall have been released or terminated or (B) any provision of this Agreement shall have been terminated or cancelled, Agent s Liens, or
such provision of this Agreement, shall be reinstated in full force and effect and such prior release, termination, cancellation or surrender shall not diminish, release, discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligation of any Loan Party in
respect of such liability or any Collateral securing such liability.    (b) Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, if
Agent or any Lender accepts a guaranty of only a portion of the Obligations pursuant to any guaranty, each Borrower hereby waive its right under Section 2822(a) of the California Civil Code or any similar laws of any other applicable
jurisdiction to designate the portion of the Obligations satisfied by the applicable guarantor s partial payment.      17.9
  Confidentiality .     (a) Agent and Lenders each individually (and not jointly or jointly and severally) agree that material,
non-public information regarding Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans (  Confidential Information  ) shall be treated by Agent and the Lenders in a confidential
manner, and shall not be disclosed by Agent and the Lenders to Persons who are not parties to this Agreement, except: (i) to attorneys for and other advisors, accountants, auditors, and consultants to any member of the Lender Group and to
employees, directors and officers of any member of the Lender Group (the Persons in this clause (i),   Lender Group Representatives  ) on a  need to know  basis in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and on a confidential basis, (ii) to Subsidiaries and Affiliates of any member of the Lender Group  
      85  

(including the Bank Product Providers), provided that any such Subsidiary or Affiliate shall have agreed to receive such information hereunder subject to the terms of this
 Section 17.9 , (iii) as may be required by regulatory authorities so long as such authorities are informed of the confidential nature of such information, (iv) as may be required by statute, decision, or judicial or
administrative order, rule, or regulation;  provided  that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (iv), the disclosing party agrees to provide Borrowers with prior notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so
and to the extent that the disclosing party is permitted to provide such prior notice to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the applicable statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation and (y) any disclosure under
this clause (iv) shall be limited to the portion of the Confidential Information as may be required by such statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation, (v) as may be agreed to in advance in writing by
Borrowers, (vi) as requested or required by any Governmental Authority pursuant to any subpoena or other legal process, provided, that, (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (iv) the disclosing party agrees to provide
Borrowers with prior written notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing party is permitted to provide such prior written notice to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the subpoena or other
legal process and (y) any disclosure under this clause (iv) shall be limited to the portion of the Confidential Information as may be required by such Governmental Authority pursuant to such subpoena or other legal process, (vii) as
to any such information that is or becomes generally available to the public (other than as a result of prohibited disclosure by Agent or the Lenders or the Lender Group Representatives), (viii) in connection with any assignment, participation
or pledge of any Lender s interest under this Agreement, provided that prior to receipt of Confidential Information any such assignee, participant, or pledgee shall have agreed in writing to receive such Confidential Information either subject
to the terms of this  Section 17.9  or pursuant to confidentiality requirements substantially similar to those contained in this  Section 17.9  (and such Person may disclose such Confidential Information to Persons employed or
engaged by them as described in clause (i) above), (ix) in connection with any litigation or other adversary proceeding involving parties hereto which such litigation or adversary proceeding involves claims related to the rights or duties
of such parties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;  provided , that, prior to any disclosure to any Person (other than any Loan Party, Agent, any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel) under this
clause (ix) with respect to litigation involving any Person (other than any Borrower, Agent, any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel), the disclosing party agrees to provide Borrowers with prior written
notice thereof, and (x) in connection with, and to the extent reasonably necessary for, the exercise of any secured creditor remedy under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document.  
 (b) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in each case with the prior written consent of Borrowers, Agent may disclose
information concerning the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to loan syndication and pricing reporting services or in its marketing or promotional materials, with such information to consist of deal terms and other
information customarily found in such publications or marketing or promotional materials and may otherwise use the name, logos, and other insignia of any Borrower or the other Loan Parties and the Commitments provided hereunder in any
 tombstone  or other advertisements, on its website or in other marketing materials of the Agent.  
      86  

(c) The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge that Agent or its Affiliates may make available to the
Lenders materials or information provided by or on behalf of Borrowers hereunder (collectively,   Borrower Materials  ) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, SyndTrak or another similar electronic system (the
  Platform  ) and certain of the Lenders may be  public-side  Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities) (each, a   Public
Lender  ). The Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders to treat Borrower Materials marked  PUBLIC  or otherwise at any time filed with the SEC as not containing any material
non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws. All Borrower Materials marked  PUBLIC  are permitted to be made available through a portion of the
Platform designated as  Public Investor  (or another similar term). Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked  PUBLIC  or that are not at any time filed with
the SEC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not marked as  Public Investor  (or such other similar term).  
 (d) To the extent applicable to such Loan Parties, the Loan Parties maintain individually identifiable healthcare information as defined under
HIPAA or other confidential information relating to healthcare patients (collectively, the   Confidential Healthcare Information  ). To the extent applicable to such Loan Party, each Loan Party shall take reasonable steps in
compliance with HIPAA to ensure that Confidential Healthcare Information is not disclosed to Agent, Lenders or their respective representatives and is protected against unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure during the course of field
examinations and other visits, inspections, examinations and discussions with representatives of the Agent and Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent, Lenders and their respective representatives may receive, maintain or transmit Confidential
Healthcare Information upon entering into a Business Associate Agreement (as such term is defined in HIPAA) (or otherwise satisfying any applicable requirements relating to such Confidential Healthcare Information) satisfactory to the Loan Parties,
Agent and Lenders.    17.10   Survival  . All representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in
the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the
Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that Agent, Issuing Bank, or any Lender may have had notice or
knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of, or any accrued interest on, any Loan or any
fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding or unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or been terminated.  
   17.11   Patriot Act  . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies Borrowers that
pursuant to the requirements of the Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower, which information includes the name and address of each Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to
identify  
      87  

each Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. In addition, if Agent is required by law or regulation or internal policies to do so, it shall have the right to periodically conduct
(a) Patriot Act searches, OFAC/PEP searches, and customary individual background checks for the Loan Parties and (b) OFAC/PEP searches and customary individual background checks for the Loan Parties  senior management and key
principals, and each Borrower agrees to cooperate in respect of the conduct of such searches and further agrees that the reasonable costs and charges for such searches shall constitute Lender Group Expenses hereunder and be for the account of
Borrowers.    17.12   Integration  . This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, reflects the entire understanding of
the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, all Bank Product Agreements,
if any, are independent agreements governed by the written provisions of such Bank Product Agreements, which will remain in full force and effect, unaffected by any repayment, prepayments, acceleration, reduction, increase, or change in the terms of
any credit extended hereunder, except as otherwise expressly provided in such Bank Product Agreement.    17.13   OraSure Technologies,
Inc. as Agent for Borrowers  . Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints OraSure Technologies, Inc. as the borrowing agent and attorney-in-fact for all Borrowers (the   Administrative Borrower  ) which appointment shall remain
in full force and effect unless and until Agent shall have received prior written notice signed by each Borrower that such appointment has been revoked and that another Borrower has been appointed Administrative Borrower. Each Borrower hereby
irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Borrower (a) to provide Agent with all notices with respect to Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit obtained for the benefit of any Borrower and all other notices and instructions under
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and any notice or instruction provided by Administrative Borrower shall be deemed to be given by Borrowers hereunder and shall bind each Borrower), (b) to receive notices and instructions from
members of the Lender Group (and any notice or instruction provided by any member of the Lender Group to the Administrative Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed to have been given to each Borrower), and (c) to take such
action as the Administrative Borrower deems appropriate on its behalf to obtain Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes of this Agreement. It is
understood that the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral in a combined fashion, as more fully set forth herein, is done solely as an accommodation to Borrowers in order to utilize the collective borrowing powers of Borrowers in the most
efficient and economical manner and at their request, and that Lender Group shall not incur liability to any Borrower as a result hereof. Each Borrower expects to derive benefit, directly or indirectly, from the handling of the Loan Account and the
Collateral in a combined fashion since the successful operation of each Borrower is dependent on the continued successful performance of the integrated group. To induce the Lender Group to do so, and in consideration thereof, each Borrower hereby
jointly and severally agrees to indemnify each member of the Lender Group and hold each member of the Lender Group harmless against any and all liability, expense, loss or claim of damage or injury, made against the Lender Group by any Borrower or
by any third party whosoever, arising from or incurred by reason of (i) the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of Borrowers as herein provided, or (ii) the Lender Group s relying on any instructions of the Administrative
Borrower  ,   except that Borrowers will have no liability to the relevant Agent-Related Person or  
      88  

Lender-Related Person under this  Section 17.13  with respect to (i) disputes solely between or among Agent-Related Persons and/or Lender-Related Persons that do not involve any
violation of the Loan Documents by a Loan Party, (ii) any Taxes or any costs attributable to Taxes, which shall be governed by  Section 16 , or (iii) any liability that has been finally determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent-Related Person or Lender-Related Person, as the case may be; provided, further, that notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Borrowers 
indemnification obligations under this  Section 17.13  include any liability, expense, loss or claim of damage or injury in respect of legal fees, disbursements and expenses in excess of the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees of
one firm of counsel to all Agent-Related Persons and Lender-Related Persons, taken as a whole, and, to the extent necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction and one regulatory counsel to all Agent-Related Persons and Lender-Related
Persons, taken as a whole, and solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, where the Agent-Related Person or Lender-Related Persons affected by such conflict informs the Borrowers of such conflict and thereafter retains its
own counsel, one additional firm of counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of similarly situated affected Agent-Related Persons or Lender-Related Persons (but excluding, in all cases, the allocated costs of in-house or internal counsel
to any Agent-Related Person or Lender-Related Person).    [Signature pages follow.]  
      89  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and
delivered as of the date first above written.      

BORROWERS: 

ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,   a
Delaware corporation   

By: 
   
    /s/ Mark L. Kuna    

Name: 
   
 Mark. L. Kuna  

Title: 
   
 Controller  

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 a national banking association, as Agent and as a Lender   

By: 
   
    /s/ Lloyd Van Dyke    

Name: 
   
 Lloyd Van Dyke  

Its Authorized Signatory  

Schedule 1.1    
 As used in the Agreement, the following terms shall have the following definitions:  
   Account   means an account (as that term is defined in the Code), including without limitation all health-care-insurance
receivables (as that term is defined in the Code).      Account Debtor   means any Person who is obligated on an Account,
chattel paper, or a general intangible.      Account Debtor Approved Countries   shall mean the United States, Denmark, the
Netherlands, France, Ireland, Canada, United Kingdom, Spain, Finland, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Hong Kong, Puerto Rico, Australia, New Zealand, Austria and Japan and any other country approved by Agent in its Permitted Discretion.  
   Accounting Changes   means changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation,
pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (or successor thereto or any agency with similar functions).  
   Acquired Indebtedness   means Indebtedness of a Person whose assets or Equity Interests are acquired by a Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition;  provided , that such Indebtedness was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition.  
   Acquisition   means (a) the purchase or other acquisition by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of
the assets of (or any division or business line of) any other Person, or (b) the purchase or other acquisition (whether by means of a merger, consolidation, or otherwise) by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the Equity
Interests of any other Person.      Additional Documents   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 5.12  of
the Agreement.      Administrative Borrower   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 17.13  of the
Agreement.      Administrative Questionnaire   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 13.1(a)  of the
Agreement.      Affected Lender   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.13(b)  of the Agreement.  
   Affiliate   means, as applied to any Person, any other Person who controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. For purposes of this definition,  control  means the possession, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, of the  
      -2-  

power to direct the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of Equity Interests, by contract, or otherwise;  provided , that, for purposes of the definition of
Eligible Accounts and  Section 6.10  of the Agreement: (a) any Person which owns directly or indirectly 10% or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other members of the governing
body of a Person or 10% or more of the partnership or other ownership interests of a Person (other than as a limited partner of such Person) shall be deemed an Affiliate of such Person, (b) each director (or comparable manager) of a Person
shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Person, and (c) each partnership in which a Person is a general partner shall be deemed an Affiliate of such Person.  
   Agent   has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble to the Agreement.  
   Agent-Related Persons   means Agent, together with its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents.
     Agent s Account   means the Deposit Account of Agent identified on  Schedule A-1  to this Agreement (or
such other Deposit Account of Agent that has been designated as such, in writing, by Agent to Borrowers and the Lenders).  
   Agent s Liens   means the Liens granted by each Loan Party to Agent under the Loan Documents and securing the
Obligations.      Agreement   means the Credit Agreement to which this  Schedule 1.1  is attached.  
   Applicable Margin   means (a) in the case of a Base Rate Loan, 1.50 percentage points (the   Base Rate
Margin  ), and (b) in the case of a LIBOR Rate Loan, 2.50 percentage points (the   LIBOR Rate Margin  ).  
   Application Event   means the occurrence of (a) a failure by Borrowers to repay all of the Obligations in full on the
Maturity Date, or (b) an Event of Default and the election by Agent or the Required Lenders to require that payments and proceeds of Collateral be applied pursuant to  Section 2.4(b)(ii)  of the Agreement.  
   Assignee   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 13.1(a)  of the Agreement.  
   Assignment and Acceptance   means an Assignment and Acceptance Agreement substantially in the form of  Exhibit A-1 
to the Agreement.      Authorized Person   means any one of the individuals identified on  Schedule A-2  to the
Agreement, as such schedule is updated from time to time by written notice from Borrowers to Agent.      Availability  
means, as of any date of determination, the amount that Borrowers are entitled to borrow as Revolving Loans under  Section 2.1  of the Agreement (after giving effect to the then outstanding Revolver Usage).  
      -3-  

Available Increase Amount   means, as of any date of determination, an amount
equal to the result of (a) $5,000,000 minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of Increases to the Revolver Commitments previously made pursuant to  Section 2.14  of the Agreement.  
   Average Revolver Usage   means, with respect to any period, the sum of the aggregate amount of Revolver Usage for each day in
such period (calculated as of the end of each respective day) divided by the number of days in such period.      Bank
Product   means any one or more of the following financial products or accommodations extended to a Borrower or its Subsidiaries by a Bank Product Provider: (a) credit cards (including commercial cards (including so-called
 purchase cards ,  procurement cards  or  p-cards )), (b) credit card processing services, (c) debit cards, (d) stored value cards, (e) Cash Management Services, or (f) transactions under Hedge
Agreements.      Bank Product Agreements   means those agreements entered into from time to time by a Borrower or its
Subsidiaries with a Bank Product Provider in connection with the obtaining of any of the Bank Products.      Bank Product
Collateralization   means providing cash collateral (pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Bank Product Provider) to be held by Agent for the benefit of the Bank Product Providers (other than the Hedge
Providers) in an amount determined by the applicable Bank Product Provider as sufficient to satisfy the reasonably estimated credit exposure with respect to the then existing Bank Product Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations).  
   Bank Product Obligations   means (a) all obligations, liabilities, reimbursement obligations, fees, or expenses owing by
each Borrower and its Subsidiaries to any Bank Product Provider (or to a third party for reimbursement of such amounts to the extent paid by such third party on behalf of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries) pursuant to or evidenced by a Bank
Product Agreement and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and (b) all Hedge Obligations.  
   Bank Product Provider   means Wells Fargo or any of its Affiliates, including each of the foregoing in its capacity, if
applicable, as a Hedge Provider.      Bank Product Reserves   means, as of any date of determination, those reserves that
Agent deems necessary or appropriate in its Permitted Discretion and subject to  Section 2.1(c) , to establish (based upon the Bank Product Providers  determination of the liabilities and obligations of each Borrower and its
Subsidiaries in respect of Bank Product Obligations) in respect of Bank Products then provided or outstanding.      Bankruptcy
Code   means title 11 of the United States Code, as in effect from time to time.      Base Rate   means the
greatest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus   1   2 %, (b) the LIBOR Rate (which rate shall be calculated based upon an Interest Period of 1 month and
shall  
      -4-  

be determined on a daily basis), plus 1 percentage point, and (c) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo at its principal office in San Francisco as its
 prime rate , with the understanding that the  prime rate  is one of Wells Fargo s base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those
loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal publications as Wells Fargo may designate.  
   Base Rate Loan   means a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate.  
   Base Rate Margin   has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.  
   Benefit Plan   means a  defined benefit plan  (as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA) that is or has been
sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates during the preceding six plan years.  
   Board of Directors   means, as to any Person, the board of directors (or comparable managers or other governing body) of such
Person, or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of the board of directors (or comparable managers or other governing body).  
   Board of Governors   means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor).  
   Borrower   and   Borrowers   have the respective meanings specified therefor in the preamble to the Agreement.
     Borrower Materials   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 17.9(c)  of the Agreement.  
   Borrowing   means a borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made on the same day by the Lenders (or Agent on behalf thereof),
or by Swing Lender in the case of a Swing Loan, or by Agent in the case of an Extraordinary Advance.      Borrowing Base  
means, as of any date of determination, the sum of:    (a) 85% of the amount of Eligible Accounts and Eligible Unbilled Accounts multiplied
by the Expected Net Value,  less  the Credit and Unapplied Collection Amount, and     minus   
 (b) the aggregate amount of Reserves and Bank Product Reserves, if any, established by Agent in its Permitted Discretion under
 Section 2.1(c)  of the Agreement.      Borrowing Base Certificate   means a certificate in substantially the form
of  Exhibit B-1 .  
      -5-  

Business Day   means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on
which banks are authorized or required to close in the state of California, except that, if a determination of a Business Day shall relate to a LIBOR Rate Loan, the term  Business Day  also shall exclude any day on which banks are closed
for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market.      Capital Expenditures   means, with respect to any Person
for any period, the amount of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period that are capital expenditures as determined in accordance with GAAP, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, but excluding, without
duplication (a) expenditures made during such period in connection with the replacement, substitution, or restoration of assets or properties pursuant to  Section 2.4(e)(ii)  of the Agreement or that are properly charged to current
operations, (b) with respect to the purchase price of assets that are purchased within 90 days of the trade-in of existing assets during such period, the amount that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted
by the seller of such assets for the assets being traded in at such time, (c) expenditures made during such period to the extent made with the proceeds of an equity investment in a Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which equity investment is
made within 90 days of the making of the expenditure, (d) capitalized software development costs to the extent such costs are deducted from net income under the definition of EBITDA for such period, (e) expenditures during such period
that, pursuant to a written agreement, are reimbursed by a third Person (excluding any Borrower or any of its Affiliates), (f) expenditures for fixed or capital assets relating to leasehold improvements for which such Person has been reimbursed
in cash or receives a credit from the applicable landlord, and (g) expenditures made during such period to consummate one or more Permitted Acquisitions.  
   Capitalized Lease Obligation   means that portion of the obligations under a Capital Lease that is required to be capitalized
in accordance with GAAP.      Capital Lease   means a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP.      Cash Equivalents   means (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or
unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within 1 year from the date of acquisition thereof, (b) marketable direct
obligations issued or fully guaranteed by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof maturing within 1 year from the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of
acquisition, having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from either Standard   Poor s Rating Group (  S P  ) or Moody s Investors Service, Inc. (  Moody s  ), (c) commercial paper
maturing no more than 270 days from the date of creation thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A-1 from S P or at least P-1 from Moody s, (d) certificates of deposit, time deposits, overnight
bank deposits or bankers  acceptances maturing within 1 year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any United States branch
of a foreign bank having at the date of acquisition thereof combined capital and surplus of not less than $500,000,000, (e) Deposit Accounts maintained with (i) any bank that satisfies the criteria described in clause (d)
 
      -6-  

above, or (ii) any other bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof so long as the full amount maintained with any such other bank is insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, (f) repurchase obligations of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (d) of this definition or recognized securities dealer having combined capital and surplus of not less than
$500,000,000, having a term of not more than seven days, with respect to securities satisfying the criteria in clauses (a) or (d) above, (g) debt securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by
standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (d) above, (h) Investments in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are invested in the types of assets described in
clauses (a) through (g) above and (i) any other investments in cash equivalents made in accordance with Administrative Borrower s investment policies as in effect on the Closing Date and provided to Agent, and as amended or
otherwise modified from time to time thereafter in a manner acceptable to Agent in its Permitted Discretion; provided that copies of any such as-amended investment policies shall be provided to Agent.  
   Cash Management Services   means any cash management or related services including treasury, depository, return items,
overdraft, controlled disbursement, merchant store value cards, e-payables services, electronic funds transfer, interstate depository network, automatic clearing house transfer (including the Automated Clearing House processing of electronic funds
transfers through the direct Federal Reserve Fedline system) and other cash management arrangements.      Change of Control  
means that:    (a) any  person  or  group  within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act
(other than Permitted Holders) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower representing 35% or more of the combined voting power of all
Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote for the election of members of the Board of Directors of Administrative Borrower; or  
 (b) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert (other than Permitted Holders), shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall
have entered into a contract or arrangement (except to the extent such agreement is conditioned upon obtaining prior written consent from Agent or contemplates the payment in full of the Obligations upon consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby, or is otherwise consented to in writing by Agent) that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of
Administrative Borrower or control over the Equity Interests of such Person entitled to vote for members of the Board of Directors of Administrative Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such Equity Interests that such
Person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) representing 35% or more of the combined voting power of such Equity Interests; or  
 (c) the Loan Parties fail to own and control, directly or indirectly, 100% of the Equity Interests of DNA Genotek, Inc.  
      -7-  

Change in Law   means the occurrence after the date of the Agreement of:
(a) the adoption or effectiveness of any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation
or application by any Governmental Authority of any law, rule, regulation, guideline or treaty, or (c) the making or issuance by any Governmental Authority of any request, rule, guideline or directive, whether or not having the force of law;
provided that notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and
(ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or
foreign regulatory authorities shall, in each case, be deemed to be a   Change in Law ,  regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.  
   Closing Date   means September 30, 2016.  
   Code   means the New York Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect from time to time.  
   Collateral   means all assets and interests in assets and proceeds thereof now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party
in or upon which a Lien is granted by such Person in favor of Agent or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents.  
   Collections   means all collections, wire transfers, electronic funds transfers and other cash proceeds of Accounts.  
   Commitment   means, with respect to each Lender, its Revolver Commitment, and, with respect to all Lenders, their Revolver
Commitments, as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Lender s name under the applicable heading on  Schedule C-1  to the Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under the
Agreement, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions of  Section 13.1  of the Agreement.  
   Competitor   means any Person which is a direct competitor of Borrowers or their Subsidiaries if, at the time of a proposed
assignment, Agent and the assigning Lender have actual knowledge that such Person is a direct competitor of Borrowers or their Subsidiaries; provided, that in connection with any assignment or participation, the Assignee or Participant with respect
to such proposed assignment or participation that is an investment bank, a commercial bank, a finance company, a fund, or other Person which, in each case, is engaged in the business of making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in
commercial loans, bonds, debt securities or other similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business, and merely has an economic interest in any such direct competitor, and is not itself such a direct competitor of Borrowers or
their Subsidiaries, shall not be deemed to be a direct competitor for the purposes of this definition.  
      -8-  

Compliance Certificate   means a certificate substantially in the form of
 Exhibit C-1  to the Agreement delivered by the chief financial officer (or other appropriate officer) of Administrative Borrower to Agent.  
   Confidential Information   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 17.9(a)  of the Agreement.  
   Control Agreement   means a control agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered
by a Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, Agent, and the applicable securities intermediary (with respect to a Securities Account) or bank (with respect to a Deposit Account).  
   Covenant Testing Period   means a period (a) commencing on the first day of any fiscal month during which a Covenant
Trigger Event occurs and (b) continuing through and including the first day after such Covenant Trigger Event that the Total Liquidity shall be at least $40,000,000 for thirty (30) consecutive days.  
   Covenant Trigger Event   means any date on which the Total Liquidity shall be less than $40,000,000.  
   Credit and Unapplied Collection Amount   means, at any time, the sum of (a) any credit charges of any Account Debtors of
Eligible Accounts that are aged greater than 120 days (or, in the case of Reckitt Benkiser so long as it has a corporate family rating of at least BBB- from S P or at least BAA3 from Moody s, 180 days) from the invoice date and
(b) any Collections that have been received by a Borrower but have not yet been applied to the invoice.      Default  
means an event, condition, or default that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.  
   Defaulting Lender   means any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any amounts required to be funded by it under the
Agreement on the date that it is required to do so under the Agreement (including the failure to make available to Agent amounts required pursuant to a Settlement or to make a required payment in connection with a Letter of Credit Disbursement),
(b) notified Borrowers, Agent, or any Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with all or any portion of its funding obligations under the Agreement, (c) has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to
comply with its funding obligations under the Agreement or under other agreements generally (as reasonably determined by Agent) under which it has committed to extend credit, (d) failed, within 1 Business Day after written request by
Agent, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of the Agreement relating to its obligations to fund any amounts required to be funded by it under the Agreement, (e) otherwise failed to pay over to Agent or any other Lender any other
amount required to be paid by it under the Agreement, or (f) (i) becomes or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is insolvent or (ii) becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a
receiver, conservator, trustee, or custodian or appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the
subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or  
      -9-  

has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such
proceeding or appointment.      Defaulting Lender Rate   means (a) for the first 3 days from and after the date the
relevant payment is due, the Base Rate, and (b) thereafter, the interest rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans (inclusive of the Base Rate Margin applicable thereto).  
   Deposit Account   means any deposit account (as that term is defined in the Code).  
   Designated Account   means the Deposit Account of Administrative Borrower identified on  Schedule D-1  to the
Agreement (or such other Deposit Account of Administrative Borrower located at Designated Account Bank that has been designated as such, in writing, by Borrowers to Agent).  
   Designated Account Bank   has the meaning specified therefor in  Schedule D-1  to the Agreement (or such other bank
that is located within the United States that has been designated as such, in writing, by Borrowers to Agent).      Disqualified
Equity Interests   shall mean any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition
(a) matures (other than as a result of the optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a
change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and
payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash
(other than dividends in respect of taxes), or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (other than at the option of the issuer thereof) for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity
Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is 180 days after the Maturity Date.      Disqualified Institution  
means, on any date, any Person designated by Administrative Borrower as a  Disqualified Institution  by written notice delivered to Agent prior to the date hereof;  provided , that  Disqualified Institutions  shall exclude
any Person that Administrative Borrower has designated as no longer being a  Disqualified Institution  by written notice delivered to Agent from time to time.  
   Dollars   or   $   means United States dollars.  
   Drawing Document   means any Letter of Credit or other document presented for purposes of drawing under any Letter of Credit.
 
      -10-  

Earn-Outs   shall mean unsecured liabilities of a Loan Party arising under an
agreement to make any deferred payment as a part of the Purchase Price for a Permitted Acquisition, including performance bonuses or consulting payments in any related services, employment or similar agreement, in an amount that is subject to or
contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of the target of such Permitted Acquisition.  
   EBITDA   means, with respect to any fiscal period, with respect to Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis

(a) 
 Borrowers  and their Subsidiaries  consolidated net income (or loss),       minus 

(b) 
 without duplication, the sum of the following amounts of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries for such period to the extent included in determining consolidated net income (or loss) for such period:    

(i) 
 extraordinary gains,        

(ii) 
 interest income,        

(iii) 
 unrealized or realized gains relating to or in respect of obligations under hedging transactions, and gains resulting from currency translation or transaction gains related to currency re-measurements of Indebtedness,
and all other foreign currency translation or transaction gains,        

(iv) 
 federal, state and local income tax credits,        

(v) 
 gains on sales of fixed assets or discontinued or disposed of operations, and        

(vi) 
 non-operating income,       Plus   

(c) 
 without duplication, the sum of the following amounts of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries for such period to the extent deducted in calculating consolidated net income (or loss) for such period:    
 (i) all non-cash charges, expenses or losses (including non-cash rent expense, non-cash impairment or write-offs of goodwill or other
intangible assets, non-cash exchange rate losses, non-cash restructuring charges and amortized or  
      -11-  

unamortized fees, non-cash premiums or expenses in connection with the prepayment or retirement of existing indebtedness), excluding any such charge, expense or loss incurred that constitutes an
accrual of or a reserve for cash charges for any future period or an amortization of a prepaid cash expense paid in a prior period,    (ii)
Interest Expense,    (iii) tax expense based on income, profits or capital, including federal, foreign, state, franchise and similar taxes
(and for the avoidance of doubt, specifically excluding any sales taxes or any other taxes held in trust for a Governmental Authority),  
 (iv) depreciation and amortization for such period (including amortization of goodwill and other intangibles),  
 (v) (x) any extraordinary losses and (y) any unusual or non-recurring cash charges or expenses (including restructuring charges,
integration charges and severance, relocation expenses, retention bonuses or other similar one-time compensation payments made to current and former employees, officers, directors and consultants of Borrowers or their Subsidiaries or made in
connection with any Permitted Acquisition or any disposition outside of the ordinary course of business) provided such charges and expenses added back pursuant to this subclause (y) do not exceed $3,000,000 in the aggregate,  
 (vi) expense reimbursement and indemnification paid or accrued in accordance with  Section 6.10(c)  of the Agreement; provided,
that, in the event that any of the foregoing amounts have accrued but not actually been paid during the relevant period, such amounts shall be included in the calculation of  EBITDA  for such period and not for any subsequent period in
which such amount is actually paid,    (vii) fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the execution, delivery, closing of the
Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated to occur in connection therewith,  
      -12-  

(viii) non-cash deferred compensation, stock-option or employee benefits-based and non-cash
other equity-based compensation expenses,    (ix) fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with (x) any Permitted Acquisition,
other Permitted Investment or Capital Expenditure, in each case outside the ordinary course of business, to the extent not prohibited by the Agreement and whether or not such transaction is successfully consummated, in an amount not to exceed
$6,000,000 in any period of twelve consecutive fiscal months and (y) any issuance of Equity Interests, any incurrence of Permitted Indebtedness and any Permitted Disposition, in each case outside of the ordinary course of business, to the
extent not prohibited by the Agreement and whether or not such transaction is successfully consummated, in an amount not to exceed $6,000,000 in any period of twelve consecutive fiscal months; provided that any amounts added back to EBITDA pursuant
to this clause (ix) shall be added back within 180 days of the consummation of the applicable transaction (or, in the case of an unsuccessful transaction, within 180 days after the Borrowers determine in good faith that the transaction will not
be consummated),    (x) fees, costs and expenses that have been reimbursed by third parties which are not Affiliates pursuant to an
indemnity or otherwise,    (xi) unrealized losses in respect of activities under Hedge Agreements,  
 (xii) losses or expenses incurred from discontinued or divested operations or any loss or expense incurred in connection with the disposal of
discontinued or divested operations (so properly classified as such under GAAP) not to exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate in period of twelve consecutive fiscal months,  
 (xiii) purchase accounting adjustments,  
 (xiv) the amount of debt discount and debt issuance costs, fees, charges and commissions incurred in connection with any Permitted
Indebtedness and fees, premiums and expenses incurred in connection with the prepayment or retirement of existing Indebtedness, not to exceed $500,000 in the aggregate in any period of twelve consecutive fiscal months,  
      -13-  

(xv) cash proceeds of business interruption insurance received by Borrowers or any of their
Subsidiaries during such period in an amount not to exceed the income for such period that such proceeds were intended to replace, as estimated in good faith by Borrowers, and  
 (xvi) to the extent not specifically described above, such other expenses, charges or items that are approved by Agent in its Permitted
Discretion.    in each case, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.  
 For the purposes of calculating EBITDA, for any trailing twelve-month period (each, a   Reference Period  ), (x) no more
than sixty percent (60%) of EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be attributable to Subsidiaries which are not Loan Parties and (y) if at any time during such Reference Period (and after the Closing Date), any Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries shall have made a Permitted Acquisition or a Permitted Disposition, EBITDA for such Reference Period shall be calculated after giving  pro forma  effect thereto, assuming the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or Permitted
Disposition and the incurrence or assumption of any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred or assumed and the repayment or refinancing of any Indebtedness to be repaid or refinanced, as the case may be, in connection therewith had occurred on the
first day of such Reference Period (including  pro forma  adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to such Permitted Acquisition, are factually supportable, and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case
determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act and as interpreted by the staff of the SEC, and such other adjustments as are reasonably acceptable to Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
EBITDA for the fiscal months ending prior to the Closing Date and set forth on  Schedule E-1  shall be deemed to be equal to the amount set forth opposite such fiscal month on such Schedule.  
   Eligible Accounts   means those Accounts created by a Borrower in the ordinary course of its business, that arise out of such
Borrower s sale of goods or rendition of services, that comply with each of the representations and warranties respecting Eligible Accounts made in the Loan Documents, and that are not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the
excluding criteria set forth below;  provided , that such criteria may be revised from time to time by Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion and in accordance with  Section 2.1(c)  to address the results of any field examination
performed by (or on behalf of) Agent from time to time after the Closing Date. In determining the amount to be included, Eligible Accounts shall be calculated net of customer deposits, unapplied cash, taxes, discounts, credits, allowances, and
rebates; provided that any reduction in eligibility resulting from any such revision shall not be duplicative of any reduction in availability resulting from the imposition of any Reserve hereunder. Eligible Accounts shall not include the following:
 
      -14-  

(a) Accounts that the Account Debtor (other than Reckitt Benkiser) has failed to pay or cause to
be paid within 120 days of original invoice date, and solely with respect to Reckitt Benkiser and only for so long as Reckitt Benkiser has a corporate family rating of at least BBB- from S P or at least BAA3 from Moody s, Accounts that
such Account Debtor has failed to pay or cause to be paid within 180 days of original invoice date,    (b) Accounts owed by an Account
Debtor (or its Affiliates) where 50% or more of all Accounts owed by that Account Debtor (or its Affiliates) are deemed ineligible under clause (a) above,  
 (c) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a natural person, an Affiliate of any Borrower or an employee or agent of any
Borrower or any Affiliate of any Borrower,    (d) Accounts arising in a transaction wherein goods are placed on consignment or are sold
pursuant to a guaranteed sale, a sale or return, a sale on approval, a bill and hold, or any other terms by reason of which the payment by the Account Debtor may be conditional; provided any Account arising in a transaction in the Borrowers 
over-the-counter business segment shall be considered eligible pursuant to this subsection to the extent of any portion of such Account that exceeds the applicable reserve taken by the Borrowers to account for any such conditional payment
obligations,    (e) Accounts that are not payable in Dollars,  
 (f) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor either (i) does not maintain its chief executive office in an Account Debtor
Approved Country, or (ii) is not organized under the laws of an Account Debtor Approved Country, or (iii) does not have a billing address in an Account Debtor Approved Country; or (iv) is the government of any foreign country or
sovereign state, or of any state, province, municipality, or other political subdivision thereof, or of any department, agency, public corporation, or other instrumentality thereof, unless (A) the Account is supported by an irrevocable letter
of credit satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion (as to form, substance, and issuer or domestic confirming bank) that has been delivered to Agent and is directly drawable by Agent or (B) the Account is covered by credit insurance in form,
substance and amount, and by an insurer, satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion,    (g) Accounts with respect to which the Account
Debtor is either (i) the United States or any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States (exclusive, however, of Accounts with respect to which Borrowers have complied, to the reasonable satisfaction of Agent, with the
Assignment of Claims Act, 31 USC   3727) (but not an Account Debtor making payments under a Government Reimbursement Program), or (ii) except as otherwise agreed by Agent in its sole discretion, any state of the United States,
   (h) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a Third Party Payor,  
      -15-  

(i) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a creditor of a Borrower, has or has
asserted a right of return or cancellation (except to the extent such Account is eligible pursuant to clause (d) of this definition) or a right of recoupment or setoff, or has disputed its obligation to pay all or any portion of the Account, to
the extent of such claim, right of recoupment or setoff, or dispute,    (j) Accounts with respect to an Account Debtor whose total
obligations owing to Borrowers exceed 25% (such percentage, as applied to a particular Account Debtor, being subject to reduction by Agent in its Permitted Discretion if the creditworthiness of such Account Debtor deteriorates;  provided  that
unless a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Agent shall provide written notice in accordance with  Section 2.1(c)  to Borrowers of any such reduction with respect to a particular Account Debtor) of all
Eligible Accounts, to the extent of the obligations owing by such Account Debtor in excess of such percentage;  provided , that, in each case, the amount of Eligible Accounts that are excluded because they exceed the foregoing percentage shall
be determined by Agent in its Permitted Discretion based on all of the otherwise Eligible Accounts prior to giving effect to any eliminations based upon the foregoing concentration limit,  
 (k) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, is not Solvent, has gone out of business, or as
to which any Borrower has received notice of an imminent Insolvency Proceeding or a material impairment of the financial condition of such Account Debtor,  
 (l) Accounts, the collection of which, Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, believes to be doubtful, including by reason of the Account
Debtor s financial condition; provided that unless a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, Agent shall provide written notice to Borrowers in accordance with Section 2.1(c) of any such determination of
ineligibility,    (m) Accounts that are not subject to a valid and perfected first priority Agent s Lien,  
 (n) Accounts with respect to which (i) the goods giving rise to such Account have not been shipped and billed to the Account Debtor, or
(ii) the services giving rise to such Account have not been performed and billed to the Account Debtor;  provided , that Eligible Unbilled Accounts shall be included in the Borrowing Base as provided in the definition thereof,  
 (o) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Entity,  
 (p) Accounts that, together with the contract evidencing such Account, contravenes any Requirement of Law applicable thereto (including
Requirement of Law relating to usury, consumer protection, truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy) in a manner that would adversely affect the enforceability
of such Account and with respect to which none of the Borrowers or the Account Debtor is in violation of any such Requirement of Law in a manner that would adversely affect the enforceability of such Account,  
      -16-  

(q) Accounts with respect to Account Debtors in Account Debtor Approved Countries (excluding the
United States, United Kingdom, Ireland and Canada) comprise more than 30% of the Borrowing Base,    (r) Accounts with respect to Account
Debtors in The Netherlands comprise more than 25% of the Borrowing Base,    (s) Accounts with respect to Account Debtors in any Account
Debtor Approved Country (except with respect to the United States, The Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Ireland and Canada) comprise more than 10% of the Borrowing Base,  
 (t) Accounts that represent the right to receive progress payments or other advance billings that are due prior to the completion of
performance by the applicable Borrower of the subject contract for goods or services,    (u) Accounts that represent the right to receive
royalty payments from Account Debtors, or    (v) Accounts owned by a target acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, until the
completion of a field examination with respect to such target, in each case, satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion (which field examination may be conducted prior to the closing of such Permitted Acquisition).  
   Eligible Unbilled Accounts   means Accounts that otherwise qualify as Eligible Accounts except that an invoice, statement or
other billing document has not been sent to the applicable Account Debtor;  provided , that any such Account shall cease to be an Eligible Unbilled Account on the date that (a) an invoice, statement or other billing document is sent to the
applicable Account Debtor or (b) is more than 15 days after the most recent date on which such services, goods or merchandise were provided by a Borrower;  provided ,  however , the aggregate amount of Eligible Unbilled Accounts
shall at no time exceed $2,000,000.      Eligible Transferee   means (a) any Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender),
any Affiliate of any Lender and any Related Fund of any Lender; and (b) (i) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000; (ii) a savings and
loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000; (iii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country or a political
subdivision thereof; provided that (A) (x) such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States or (y) such bank is organized under the laws of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development or a political subdivision of such country, and (B) such bank has total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000; (c) any other entity (other than a natural person) that is an  accredited investor  (as
defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) that extends credit or buys loans as one of its businesses including insurance companies, investment or mutual funds and lease financing companies, and
 
      -17-  

having total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000; and (d) during the continuation of an Event of Default, any other Person approved by Agent (provided such Person is not a Disqualified
Institution or a Competitor).      Environmental Action   means any written complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive,
order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter, or other written communication from any Governmental Authority, or any third party involving violations of Environmental Laws or releases of Hazardous
Materials (a) from any assets, properties, or businesses of any Borrower, any Subsidiary of any Borrower, or any of their predecessors in interest, (b) from adjoining properties or businesses, or (c) from or onto any facilities which
received Hazardous Materials generated by any Borrower, any Subsidiary of any Borrower, or any of their predecessors in interest.  
   Environmental Law   means any applicable federal, state, provincial, foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation,
ordinance, code, binding and enforceable guideline, binding and enforceable written policy, or rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any
judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, in each case, to the extent binding on any Borrower or its Subsidiaries, relating to the environment, the effect of the environment on employee health, or Hazardous Materials, in each
case as amended from time to time.      Environmental Liabilities   means all liabilities, monetary obligations, losses,
damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts, or consultants, and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions, and interest incurred as a result of any
claim or demand, or Remedial Action required, by any Governmental Authority or any third party, and which relate to any Environmental Action.  
   Environmental Lien   means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities.  
   Equipment   means equipment (as that term is defined in the Code).  
   Equity Interest   means, with respect to a Person, all of the shares, options, warrants, interests, participations, or other
equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including capital stock (or other ownership or profit interests or units), preferred stock, or any other  equity security  (as such term is
defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act).      ERISA  
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute thereto.      ERISA
Affiliate   means (a) any Person subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer as the employees of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries under IRC Section 414(b), (b) any trade or business subject to
ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer as the employees of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries  
      -18-  

under IRC Section 414(c), (c) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any organization subject to ERISA that is a member of an affiliated
service group of which any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a member under IRC Section 414(m), or (d) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any Person subject to ERISA that is a party to an
arrangement with any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and whose employees are aggregated with the employees of such Borrower or its Subsidiaries under IRC Section 414(o).  
   Event of Default   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 8  of the Agreement.  
   Exchange Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect from time to time.  
   Excluded Taxes   means (i) any Taxes imposed on the net income (however denominated) or net profits of any Lender
(including any branch profits or franchise taxes) as a result of a present or former connection between such Lender and the jurisdiction or Governmental Authority imposing the Tax (other than any such connection arising solely from such Lender
having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received payment under, or enforced its rights or remedies under the Agreement or any other Loan Document); (ii) Taxes resulting from a Lender s failure to comply with the
requirements of  Section 16.2  of the Agreement, (iii) any withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of a Lender based upon the law (and the applicable withholding rate) in effect at the time such Lender
becomes a party to the Agreement (or designates a new lending office), any amount that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was previously entitled to receive pursuant to  Section 16.1  of the Agreement, if any, with respect to such
withholding Tax at the time such Lender becomes a party to the Agreement (or designates a new lending office), and (iv) any Taxes imposed under FATCA.  
   Expected Net Value   means percentages that Agent deems necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion, as adjusted
from time to time by written notice to Borrowers based on the results of the most recent field examination then having been performed by (or on behalf of) Agent hereunder, to reduce Eligible Accounts by payor class (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid,
commercial insurance, etc.) based upon Borrowers  historical collection history, contractual allowances, returns, rebates, discounts, credits and other allowances that may result in the non-payment or diminution in value of Eligible Accounts.
     Extraordinary Advances   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.3(d)(iii)  of the Agreement.  
   FATCA   means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of the Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any applicable agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code,
any applicable intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with such Section of the Code, and any U.S. or non-U.S. or regulatory legislation or official rules adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection
with the implementation of the foregoing.  
      -19-  

FDA   means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and any Governmental Authority
successor thereto.      Fee Letter   means that certain fee letter, dated as of even date with the Agreement, among Borrowers
and Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.      Federal Funds Rate   means, for any period, a
fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on
the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by Agent from three Federal
funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.      Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio   means, with respect to any fiscal
period and with respect to Borrowers and each of their Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for such period  minus  Unfinanced Capital Expenditures made (to the extent not already
incurred in a prior period) or incurred during such period, to (b) Fixed Charges for such period.      Fixed Charges  
means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Borrowers and each of their Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, in all cases, the sum, without duplication, of (a) Interest Expense (other than
interest paid-in-kind, amortization of financing fees, and other non-cash Interest Expense) paid in cash during such period, (b) scheduled principal payments (excluding mandatory prepayments in respect of Indebtedness) that are paid in cash
during such period, (c) all federal, state, and local income Taxes paid in cash during such period, (d) all management fees and consulting fees paid during such period to the extent not deducted in the calculation of EBITDA and
(e) all Restricted Payments and other payments made to the extent permitted by Section 6.7 hereof, in each case to the extent paid in cash to a Person other than to a Loan Party or to a Subsidiary of a Loan Party during such period.  
   Flow of Funds Agreement   means a flow of funds agreement, dated as of even date herewith, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by each Loan Party and Agent.      Foreign Subsidiary   means (a) a
Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia and (b) any Subsidiary all or substantially all the assets of which are, directly or indirectly, allocable to
Equity Interests in one or more Persons described in clause (a).      Funding Date   means the date on which a Borrowing
occurs.  
      -20-  

Funding Losses   has the meaning specified therefor in
 Section 2.12(b)(ii)  of the Agreement.      GAAP   means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect
from time to time in the United States, consistently applied.      Governing Documents   means, with respect to any Person,
the certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws, or other organizational documents of such Person.      Government Account
Debtor   means the United States government or a political subdivision thereof, or any state, county or municipality or department, agency or instrumentality thereof, that is responsible for payment of an Account under any Government
Reimbursement Program, or any agent, administrator, intermediary or carrier for the foregoing.      Government Reimbursement
Program   means (a) Medicare, (b) Medicaid, (c) the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program under 5 U.S.C.    8902 et seq., (d) TRICARE, (e) CHAMPVA, or (f) if applicable within the context of
this Agreement, any agent, administrator, administrative contractor, intermediary or carrier for any of the foregoing.  
   Governmental Authority   means the government of any nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether at the national,
state, territorial, provincial, municipal or any other level, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers
or functions of, or pertaining to, government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). The term  Governmental Authority  shall further include any institutional review board, ethics
committee, data monitoring committee, or other committee or entity with defined authority to oversee Regulatory Matters or any agency, branch or other governmental body charged with the responsibility and/or vested with the authority to administer
and/or enforce any Public Health Laws.      Guarantor   means (a) on the Closing Date, OraSure Technologies, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, and (b) each other Person that becomes a guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant to  Section 5.11  of the Agreement.  
   Guaranty and Security Agreement   means a guaranty and security agreement, dated as of even date with the Agreement, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by each of the Borrowers and each of the Guarantors to Agent.  
   Hazardous Materials   means (a) substances that are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to, any
applicable laws or regulations as  hazardous substances,   hazardous materials,   hazardous wastes,   toxic substances,  or any other formulation intended to define, list, or classify substances by reason of
deleterious properties such as ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicity, or  EP toxicity , (b) oil, petroleum, or petroleum derived substances, natural gas, natural gas liquids, synthetic gas,
drilling fluids, produced waters, and other wastes associated with the exploration, development, or production of crude oil, natural gas, or geothermal resources, (c) any flammable substances or explosives or any radioactive materials, and
(d) asbestos in any form or electrical equipment that contains any oil or dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in excess of 50 parts per million.  
      -21-  

Health Care Laws   means all Requirements of Law relating to: (a) fraud and
abuse (including the following statutes, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and any successor statutes thereto and regulations promulgated from time to time thereunder: the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C.
  1320a-7b(b)), the Stark Law (42 U.S.C.   1395nn and   1395(q)), the civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C.   3729 et seq.), the federal health care program exclusion provisions (42 U.S.C.
  1320a-7), the Civil Monetary Penalties Act (42 U.S.C.   1320a-7a), and the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Pub. L. No. 108-173)); (b) any Government Reimbursement
Program; (c) HIPAA; (d) the practice of medicine and other health care professions or the organization of medical or professional entities; (e) fee-splitting prohibitions; (f) requirements for maintaining federal, state and local
tax-exempt status of Borrower; and (g) any and all other applicable federal, state or local health care laws, rules, codes, regulations, manuals, orders, ordinances, professional or ethical rules, administrative guidance and requirements, as
the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.      Health Care Permits   means any and all permits,
licenses, authorizations, certificates, certificates of need, accreditations and plans of third-party accreditation agencies (such as the Joint Commission for Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations) that are required under any Health Care Law.
     Health Care Proceeding   means any inquiries, investigations, probes, audits, hearings, litigation or proceedings (in
each case, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative) concerning any alleged or actual non-compliance by any Loan Party with any Health Care Laws or the requirements of any Health Care Permit or the business affairs, practices or
licensing of any Loan Party, by an Attorney General, the Office of Inspector General, the Department of Justice or any similar governmental agencies or contractors for such agencies).  
   Hedge Agreement   means a  swap agreement  as that term is defined in Section 101(53B)(A) of the Bankruptcy
Code.      Hedge Obligations   means any and all obligations or liabilities, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become
due, now existing or hereafter arising, of each Borrower and its Subsidiaries arising under, owing pursuant to, or existing in respect of Hedge Agreements entered into with one or more of the Hedge Providers.  
   Hedge Provider   means Wells Fargo or any of its Affiliates.  
   HIPAA   means (a) the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; (b) the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (Title XIII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009); and (c) any state and local laws regulating the privacy and/or security of individually identifiable information, in
each case as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, any successor statutes thereto, and any and all rules or regulations promulgated from time to time thereunder.  
      -22-  

Increase   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.14 .  
   Increase Date   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.14 .  
   Increase Joinder   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.14 .  
   Indebtedness   as to any Person means (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of
such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, or other financial products, (c) all obligations of such Person as
a lessee under Capital Leases, (d) all obligations or liabilities of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed (but limited to the lesser of the fair market value of
such assets and the outstanding principal amount of the Indebtedness secured thereby), (e) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of assets (other than (i) trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of
business and repayable in accordance with customary trade practices (ii) royalty payments payable in the ordinary course of business in respect of exclusive and non-exclusive licenses and (iii) accrued expenses and other accrued
obligations in the ordinary course of business), (f) all monetary obligations of such Person owing under Hedge Agreements (which amount shall be calculated based on the amount that would be payable by such Person if the Hedge Agreement were
terminated on the date of determination), (g) any Disqualified Equity Interests of such Person, and (h) any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made,
discounted, or sold with recourse) any obligation of any other Person that constitutes Indebtedness under any of clauses (a) through (g) above. For purposes of this definition, (i) the amount of any Indebtedness represented by a
guaranty or other similar instrument shall be the lesser of the principal amount of the obligations guaranteed and still outstanding and the maximum amount for which the guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument
embodying such Indebtedness, (ii) the amount of any Indebtedness which is limited or is non-recourse to a Person or for which recourse is limited to an identified asset shall be valued at the lesser of (A) if applicable, the limited amount
of such obligations, and (B) if applicable, the fair market value of such assets securing such obligation, and (iii)  Indebtedness  shall exclude the portion of any earn-out or other contingent consideration that is not then due
and owing and required to be paid.      Indemnified Liabilities   has the meaning specified therefor in
 Section 10.3  of the Agreement.      Indemnified Person   has the meaning specified therefor in
 Section 10.3  of the Agreement.      Indemnified Taxes   means, any Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on
or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrowers under any Loan Document.  
      -23-  

Insolvency Proceeding   means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person
under any provision of the Bankruptcy Code or under any other state or federal bankruptcy or insolvency law, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings
seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other similar relief.      Intercompany Subordination Agreement   means an
intercompany subordination agreement, dated as of even date with the Agreement, executed and delivered by each Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries, and Agent, the form and substance of which is reasonably satisfactory to Agent.  
   Interest Expense   means, for any period, the aggregate of the interest expense of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries for such
period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.      Interest Period   means, with respect to each LIBOR
Rate Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such LIBOR Rate Loan (or the continuation of a LIBOR Rate Loan or the conversion of a Base Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan) and ending 1, 2, 3 or 6 months thereafter;
 provided , that (a) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon the LIBOR Rate from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires, (b) any Interest
Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business
Day, (c) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period
shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month that is 1, 2, 3 or 6 months after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable, and (d) Borrowers may not elect an Interest Period which will end after
the Maturity Date.      Inventory   means inventory (as that term is defined in the Code).  
   Investment   means, with respect to any Person, any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in
the form of loans, guarantees, advances, capital contributions (excluding (a) commission, travel, and similar advances to officers and employees of such Person made in the ordinary course of business, and (b)  bona fide  accounts
receivable arising in the ordinary course of business), or acquisitions of Indebtedness, Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line of such other Person), and any other items
that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustment for
increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs, or write-offs with respect to such Investment, but after giving effect to any repayments, interest, returns, profits, dividends, distributions, proceeds, fees, income and other amounts
received or realized in respect of such Investment and determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs of any investments, loans or advances in connection therewith.  
      -24-  

IRC   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
   ISP   means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 (International Chamber of
Commerce Publication No. 590) and any subsequent revision thereof adopted by the International Chamber of Commerce on the date such Letter of Credit is issued.  
   Issuer Document   means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, a letter of credit application, a letter of credit agreement,
or any other document, agreement or instrument entered into (or to be entered into) by a Borrower in favor of Issuing Bank and relating to such Letter of Credit.  
   Issuing Bank   means Wells Fargo or any other Lender that, at the request of Borrowers and with the consent of Agent, agrees,
in such Lender s sole discretion, to become an Issuing Bank for the purpose of issuing Letters of Credit pursuant to  Section 2.11  of the Agreement, and Issuing Bank shall be a Lender.  
   Lender   has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement, shall include Issuing Bank and the Swing Lender, and
shall also include any other Person made a party to the Agreement pursuant to the provisions of  Section 13.1  of the Agreement and   Lenders   means each of the Lenders or any one or more of them.  
   Lender Group   means each of the Lenders (including Issuing Bank and the Swing Lender) and Agent, or any one or more of them.
     Lender Group Expenses   means all (a) costs or expenses (including taxes and insurance premiums) required to be
paid by any Loan Party under any of the Loan Documents that are paid, advanced, or incurred by the Lender Group in accordance with the terms hereof, (b) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees or charges paid or incurred by Agent in
connection with the Lender Group s transactions with each Loan Party under any of the Loan Documents, including, photocopying, notarization, couriers and messengers, telecommunication, public record searches, filing fees, recording fees and
publication, (c) Agent s customary fees and charges imposed or incurred in connection with any background checks or OFAC/PEP searches related to any Loan Parties, (d) Agent s customary fees and charges (as adjusted from time to
time) with respect to the disbursement of funds (or the receipt of funds) to or for the account of any Borrower (whether by wire transfer or otherwise), together with any reasonable, documented and out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in
connection therewith, (e) customary charges imposed or incurred by Agent resulting from the dishonor of checks payable by or to any Loan Party, (f) reasonable documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses paid or incurred by the Lender Group
to enforce any provision of the Loan Documents, or during the continuance of an Event of Default, in gaining possession of, maintaining, handling, preserving, storing, shipping, selling, preparing for sale, or advertising to sell the Collateral, or
any portion thereof, irrespective of whether a sale is consummated, (g) field examination fees and expenses of Agent related to any field examinations to the extent of the fees and charges to the extent required to be paid under
 Section 2.10  of the Agreement, (h) Agent s reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys  fees and out- 
      -25-  

of-pocket expenses) relative to third party claims or any other lawsuit or adverse proceeding paid or incurred, whether in enforcing or defending the Loan Documents or otherwise in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, Agent s Liens in and to the Collateral, or the Lender Group s relationship with any Loan Party, (i) Agent s reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses
(including reasonable documented attorneys  fees and out-of-pocket due diligence expenses) incurred in advising, structuring, drafting, reviewing, administering (including travel, meals, and lodging), or amending, waiving, or modifying the Loan
Documents, and (j) Agent s and each Lender s reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors fees and out-of-pocket expenses)
incurred in terminating, enforcing (including reasonable and documented attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with a  workout,  a  restructuring,  or an
Insolvency Proceeding concerning any Loan Party or in exercising rights or remedies under the Loan Documents), or defending the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether a lawsuit or other adverse proceeding is brought, or in taking any enforcement
action or any Remedial Action with respect to the Collateral; provided, that the fees and expenses of counsel that shall constitute Lender Group Expenses shall in any event be limited to one primary counsel to Agent and the Lenders, taken as a
whole, one local counsel to Agent in each reasonably necessary jurisdiction, one specialty counsel to Agent in each reasonably necessary specialty area including insolvency law, and solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest,
where the Lender affected by such conflict informs the Borrowers of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, one additional firm of counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of similarly situated affected Lenders (but
excluding, in all cases, the allocated costs of in-house or internal counsel to Agent or any Lender); provided, further, that the Borrowers  obligation to pay or reimburse Lender Group Expenses incurred or arising on or prior to the Closing
Date shall be limited in accordance with the provisions of that certain letter agreement, dated as of April 13, 2016, by and between Administrative Borrower and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC.  
   Lender Group Representatives   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 17.9  of the Agreement.  
   Lender-Related Person   means, with respect to any Lender, such Lender, together with such Lender s Affiliates,
officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents.      Letter of Credit   means a letter of credit (as that term is
defined in the Code) issued by Issuing Bank.      Letter of Credit Collateralization   means either (a) providing cash
collateral (pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to Agent, including provisions that specify that the Letter of Credit Fees and all commissions, fees, charges and expenses provided for in  Section 2.11(k)  of the Agreement
(including any fronting fees) will continue to accrue while the Letters of Credit are outstanding) to be held by Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders in an amount equal to 102% of the then existing Letter of Credit Usage,
(b) delivering to Agent documentation executed by all beneficiaries under the Letters of Credit, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Issuing Bank, terminating all of such beneficiaries  rights under the Letters of
Credit or otherwise causing such Letters of Credit to be returned to Issuing  
      -26-  

Bank, or (c) providing Agent with a standby letter of credit, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, from a commercial bank acceptable to Agent (in its sole discretion) in
an amount equal to 102% of the then existing Letter of Credit Usage (it being understood that the Letter of Credit Fee and all fronting fees set forth in the Agreement will continue to accrue while the Letters of Credit are outstanding and that any
such fees that accrue must be an amount that can be drawn under any such standby letter of credit).      Letter of Credit
Disbursement   means a payment made by Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.      Letter of Credit Exposure  
means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Lender, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Letter of Credit Usage on such date.  
   Letter of Credit Fee   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.6(b)  of the Agreement.  
   Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.11(f)  of the Agreement.  
   Letter of Credit Related Person   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.11(f)  of the Agreement.  
   Letter of Credit Usage   means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn face amount of all issued and
outstanding Letters of Credit.      LIBOR Notice   means a written notice in the form of  Exhibit L-1  to the
Agreement.      LIBOR Rate   means the rate per annum rate as reported on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page (or any successor
page) 2 Business Days prior to the commencement of the requested Interest Period, for a term, and in an amount, comparable to the Interest Period and the amount of the LIBOR Rate Loan requested by Borrowers in accordance with the Agreement
(and, if any such rate is below zero, the LIBOR Rate shall be deemed to be zero), which determination shall be made by Agent and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.  
   LIBOR Rate Loan   means each Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the LIBOR Rate.  
   LIBOR Rate Margin   has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin.  
   Lien   means any interest in property in the form of a security interest securing an obligation owed to, or a claim by, a
Person other than the owner of the property, which may be evidenced by, without limitation, a mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, charge, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, easement, lien (statutory or other), security
interest, or other security arrangement and any other preference, priority, or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, including any conditional sale contract or other title retention agreement, the interest of a lessor under a
Capital Lease and any synthetic or other financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing.  
      -27-  

Loan   shall mean any Revolving Loan, Swing Loan, or Extraordinary Advance made
(or to be made) hereunder.      Loan Account   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.9  of the
Agreement.      Loan Documents   means the Agreement, the Control Agreements, any Borrowing Base Certificate, the Fee Letter,
the Guaranty and Security Agreement, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, any Issuer Documents, the Letters of Credit, any note or notes executed by Borrowers in connection with the Agreement and payable to any member of the Lender Group, and
any other instrument or agreement entered into, now or in the future, by any Loan Party and any member of the Lender Group in connection with the Agreement.  
   Loan Party   means any Borrower or any Guarantor.  
   Margin Stock   as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors as in effect from time to time.  
   Material Adverse Effect   means (a) a material adverse effect in the business, operations, results of operations,
assets, liabilities or financial condition of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) a material impairment of the Loan Parties  ability to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents to which they are parties or of
the Lender Group s ability to enforce the Obligations or realize upon the Collateral (other than as a result of as a result of an action taken or not taken by Agent or any Lender), or (c) a material impairment of the enforceability or
priority of Agent s Liens with respect to all or a material portion of the Collateral (other than as a result of an action taken or not taken by Agent or any Lender.  
   Maturity Date   means September 30, 2019.  
   Maximum Revolver Amount   means $10,000,000 as of the Closing Date, as such amount may be increased from time to time in
accordance with  Section 2.14 .      Measurement Period   means, as of any date of determination, for the last day
of the fiscal month most recently ended, the trailing-twelve month period then ended.      Moody s   has the meaning
specified therefor in the definition of Cash Equivalents.      Non-Consenting Lender   has the meaning specified therefor in
 Section 14.2(a)  of the Agreement.      Non-Defaulting Lender   means each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender.
 
      -28-  

Obligations   means (a) all loans (including the Revolving Loans (inclusive
of Extraordinary Advances and Swing Loans)), debts, principal, interest (including any interest that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such
Insolvency Proceeding), reimbursement or indemnification obligations with respect to Letters of Credit (irrespective of whether contingent), premiums, liabilities (including all amounts charged to the Loan Account pursuant to the Agreement),
obligations (including indemnification obligations), fees (including the fees provided for in the Fee Letter), Lender Group Expenses (including any fees or expenses that accrue after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of
whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), guaranties, and all covenants and duties of any other kind and description owing by any Loan Party arising out of, under, pursuant to, in connection
with, or evidenced by the Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and including
all interest not paid when due and all other expenses or other amounts that Borrowers are required to pay or reimburse by the Loan Documents or by law or otherwise in connection with the Loan Documents, and (b) all Bank Product Obligations.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of Borrowers under the Loan Documents include the obligation to pay (i) the principal of the Revolving Loans, (ii) interest accrued on the Revolving Loans, (iii) the
amount necessary to reimburse Issuing Bank for amounts paid or payable pursuant to Letters of Credit, (iv) Letter of Credit commissions, fees (including fronting fees) and charges, (v) Lender Group Expenses, (vi) fees payable under
the Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and (vii) indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document, in each case in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents. Any reference in the Agreement or
in the Loan Documents to the Obligations shall include all or any portion thereof and any extensions, modifications, renewals, or alterations thereof, both prior and subsequent to any Insolvency Proceeding.  
   OFAC   means The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.  
   Originating Lender   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 13.1(e)  of the Agreement.  
   Overadvance   means, as of any date of determination, the existence of Revolver Usage in excess of the maximum amount
contemplated therefor after giving effect to the limitations set forth in  Section 2.1  or  Section 2.11 .  
   Participant   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 13.1(e)  of the Agreement.  
   Participant Register   has the meaning set forth in  Section 13.1(i)  of the Agreement.  
   Patriot Act   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 4.13  of the Agreement.  
      -29-  

Perfection Certificate   means a certificate in the form of
 Exhibit P-1  to the Agreement.      Permits   means, with respect to any Person, any permit, approval, clearance,
authorization, license, registration, certificate, concession, grant, franchise, variance or permission from, and any other contractual obligations with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and applicable
to or binding upon such Person or any of its Property or products or to which such Person or any of its Property or products is subject, including all Registrations and all Health Care Permits.  
   Permitted Acquisition   means (i) any Acquisition so long as, immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition on a
 pro forma  basis (within the meaning ascribed thereto in the final paragraph of the definition of  EBITDA ), (x) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (y) the Total Liquidity shall be at
least $40,000,000 and (z) to the extent not prohibited by agreement or applicable Requirements of Law, Borrowers have provided Agent with written notice of the Acquisition at least three (3) days prior to the anticipated closing date of
such Acquisition, and (ii) any other Acquisition so long as the following conditions are satisfied (or waived in writing by Agent):  
 (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition and
the proposed Acquisition is consensual,    (b) no Indebtedness will be incurred, assumed, or would exist with respect to any Borrower or its
Subsidiaries as a result of such Acquisition, other than Permitted Indebtedness and no Liens will be incurred, assumed, or would exist with respect to the assets of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries as a result of such Acquisition other than
Permitted Liens,    (c) Borrowers have provided Agent with written confirmation, supported by reasonably detailed calculations, that
immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition on a  pro forma  basis (within the meaning ascribed thereto in the final paragraph of the definition of  EBITDA ), the Total Liquidity shall be at least $25,000,000,  
 (d) with respect to Acquisitions the Purchase Price for which exceeds $5,000,000, Borrowers have provided Agent with its due diligence package
relative to the proposed Acquisition, including forecasted balance sheets, profit and loss statements, and cash flow statements of the Person or assets to be acquired, all prepared on a basis consistent with such Person s (or assets )
historical financial statements, together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of underlying assumptions for the one-year period following the date of the proposed Acquisition, on a quarter by quarter basis), in form and substance
(including as to scope and underlying assumptions) reasonably satisfactory to Agent;    (e) EBITDA (calculated on a  pro forma  basis
within the meaning ascribed thereto in the final paragraph of the definition of  EBITDA ) attributable to the assets being acquired or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is not projected by the Borrowers to be negative by
an amount (i) equal or in excess of $1,000,000 but not more than $2,500,000 during the 12 consecutive fiscal month period immediately following the date of the  
      -30-  

proposed Acquisition, provided that immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition on a  pro forma  basis (within the meaning ascribed thereto in the final paragraph of the definition
of  EBITDA ), the Total Liquidity shall be at least $25,000,000 or (ii) in excess of $2,500,000 but not more than $5,000,000 during the 12 consecutive fiscal month period immediately following the date of the proposed
Acquisition, provided that immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition on a  pro forma  basis (within the meaning ascribed thereto in the final paragraph of the definition of  EBITDA ), the Total Liquidity shall be at least
$27,500,000,    (f) with respect to Acquisitions the Purchase Price for which exceeds $5,000,000, Borrowers have provided Agent with written
notice of the proposed Acquisition at least 10 Business Days prior to the anticipated closing date of the proposed Acquisition and, not later than 5 Business Days prior to the anticipated closing date of the proposed Acquisition, current
copies of the acquisition agreement and other material documents relative to the proposed Acquisition, which agreement and documents must be reasonably acceptable to Agent,  
 (g) the assets being acquired (other than a  de minimis  amount of assets in relation to Borrowers  and their Subsidiaries 
total assets), or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired, are useful in or engaged in, as applicable, the business of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries or a business reasonably related thereto, and  
 (h) the subject assets or Equity Interests, as applicable, are being acquired directly by a Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries that is a Loan
Party, and, in connection therewith, the applicable Loan Party shall have complied with  Section 5.11  or  5.12  of the Agreement, as applicable, of the Agreement and, in the case of an acquisition of Equity Interests, the
applicable Loan Party shall have demonstrated to Agent that the new Loan Parties have received consideration sufficient to make the joinder documents binding and enforceable against such new Loan Parties.  
   Permitted Discretion   means a determination made in the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a secured
asset-based lender) business judgment.      Permitted Dispositions   means:  
 (a) sales, abandonment, or other dispositions of assets or other properties that are substantially worn, damaged, or obsolete or no longer
used or useful in the ordinary course of business and leases or subleases of Real Property not useful in the conduct of the business of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries,  
 (b) sales of Inventory, equipment, real property, contract rights, or other assets to buyers in the ordinary course of business,  
 (c) the use or transfer of cash or Cash Equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of the Agreement or the other Loan
Documents,    (d) the licensing of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights and the granting of product
distribution rights, which in each case may be exclusive to the extent not materially interfering with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrowers,  
      -31-  

(e) the granting of Permitted Liens,  
 (f) the sale or discount, in each case without recourse, of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business, but only in
connection with the compromise or collection thereof,    (g) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property,  
 (h) any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition
of use of property,    (i) (x) the leasing, subleasing, licensing or sublicensing of Real Property of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries in
the ordinary course of business and (y) the sale, transfer or other disposition of Real Property provided the book value of any such Real Property is not more than $5,000,000 on the date of such sale, transfer or other disposition,  
 (j) the sale or issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of (i) Administrative Borrower or (ii) to
the extent not constituting a Change of Control, any other Loan Party,    (k) (i) the lapse of registered or applied-for patents,
trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) the abandonment of patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights (and applications therefor) (in each case under
clauses (i) and (ii)), to the extent not materially adverse to the interests of the Lender Group,    (l) the making of Restricted
Payments that are expressly permitted to be made pursuant to the Agreement,    (m) the making of Permitted Investments,  
 (n) the sale, transfer or other disposition of assets (i) from a Loan Party to any other Loan Party and (ii) from any Subsidiary of
a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary of a Loan Party which is not Loan Party,    (o) dispositions
of assets acquired by Borrowers and their Subsidiaries pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition consummated within 12 months of the date of the proposed disposition so long as (i) the consideration received for the assets to be so disposed is
at least equal to the fair market value of such assets, (ii) the assets to be so disposed are not necessary or economically desirable in connection with the business of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, and (iii) the assets to be so
disposed are readily identifiable as assets acquired pursuant to the subject Permitted Acquisition,  
      -32-  

(p) the surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of any
contract, test or other litigation claims except to the extent expressly prohibited by any other provision of this Agreement,    (q) sales,
transfers and other dispositions of investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in the applicable joint venture arrangements or similar
binding arrangements,    (r) sales, transfers and other dispositions of Borrowers  substance abuse testing business line, insurance
risk assessment business line and/or cryosurgical systems business line provided, on any date of such sale, transfer or other disposition, so long as, immediately after giving effect to any such sale, transfer or other disposition on a  pro forma
 basis (within the meaning ascribed thereto in the final paragraph of the definition of  EBITDA ), (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) EBITDA for the applicable Reference Period shall
be not less than $15,000,000, and (iii) to the extent the assets subject to such sale, transfer or other disposition include Accounts constituting Eligible Accounts as set forth in the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered to
Agent, Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent an updated Borrowing Base Certificate; and    (s) sales or dispositions of assets (other than
Accounts not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through (r) above so long as made at fair market value and the aggregate fair market value of all assets disposed of in fiscal year (including the proposed disposition) pursuant to this
clause (s) would not exceed $1,000,000 in any fiscal year.      Permitted Genotek Transaction   means any transaction
consummated in accordance with the provisions of one or more of the Share Subscription Agreement, Company Promissory Note, Forward Subscription and Purchase Agreement and Contribution Agreement, each dated August 17, 2011, by and among
Administrative Borrower, OraSure Technologies, LLC, DNA Genotek, Inc. and the other parties thereto, and other documents, agreements and instruments executed in connection with the foregoing  
   Permitted Holder   means Wells Fargo, BlackRock, Inc. and their respective Affiliates.  
   Permitted Indebtedness   means:  
 (a) Indebtedness evidenced by the Agreement or the other Loan Documents,  
 (b) Indebtedness set forth on  Schedule P-1  to the Agreement and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness,  
 (c) Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness,  
 (d) endorsement of instruments or other payment items for deposit,  
      -33-  

(e) Indebtedness consisting of (i) unsecured guarantees incurred in the ordinary course of
business with respect to surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, completion guarantee and similar obligations; (ii) unsecured guarantees arising with respect to customary indemnification obligations to purchasers in
connection with Permitted Dispositions; and (iii) unsecured guarantees with respect to Indebtedness of any Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, to the extent that the Person that is obligated under such guaranty could have incurred such
underlying Indebtedness,    (f) unsecured Indebtedness of any Borrower that is incurred on the date of the consummation of a Permitted
Acquisition solely for the purpose of consummating such Permitted Acquisition, and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness, so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom,
(ii) such unsecured Indebtedness is not incurred for working capital purposes, (iii) such unsecured Indebtedness does not mature prior to the date that is 180 days after the Maturity Date, (iv) such unsecured Indebtedness does
not amortize until 180 days after the Maturity Date, and (v) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to Agent,  
 (g) Acquired Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed $1,000,000 outstanding at any one time and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of
such Indebtedness, provided that any Lien securing such Acquired Indebtedness is limited to the property subject thereto immediately prior to the acquisition of such Indebtedness, together with improvements thereon and proceeds thereof,  
 (h) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, surety, statutory, or appeal bonds or to vendors, trade
creditors and other similar parties,    (i) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to
any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the year in which such Indebtedness is
incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such year,    (j) the incurrence by any Borrower or its Subsidiaries of
Indebtedness under Hedge Agreements that are incurred for the bona fide purpose of hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with Borrowers  and their Subsidiaries  operations and not for speculative
purposes,    (k) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit
cards, stored value cards, commercial cards (including so-called  purchase cards ,  procurement cards  or  p-cards ), or Cash Management Services,  
 (l) Permitted Intercompany Advances,  
      -34-  

(m) unsecured Indebtedness of Administrative Borrower owing to current or former employees,
officers, or directors of Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (or any spouses, ex-spouses, estates, trusts, heirs or other beneficiaries of any of the foregoing) incurred in connection with the repurchase by Administrative Borrower of
the Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower that have been issued to such Persons, so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the incurrence of such Indebtedness and (ii) the aggregate
principal amount of all such Indebtedness outstanding at any one time does not exceed $250,000,    (n) contingent liabilities in respect of
any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions,  
 (o) unsecured Indebtedness incurred in connection with deferred compensation or similar plan provisions to the employees, officers or
directors of Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries not to exceed $250,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year,    (p) Indebtedness
composing Permitted Investments,    (q) unsecured Indebtedness incurred in respect of netting services, overdraft protection, and other like
services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business,    (r) (x) Indebtedness of any Borrower that is incurred on the date of
the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition solely for the purpose of consummating such Permitted Acquisition and (y) Subordinated Indebtedness owing to sellers of assets or Equity Interests acquired in a Permitted Acquisition as part of the
consideration therefor, and in each case, any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness; provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness incurred under this clause (r) shall not exceed $25,000,000 at any time
outstanding;    (s) Indebtedness of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries in respect of Earn-Outs owing to sellers of assets or Equity Interests
to such Borrower or its Subsidiaries that is incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions, provided that the Agent shall have approved the terms of any such Earn-Out in its Permitted Discretion;  
 (t) (x) Indebtedness of any Borrower that is incurred on the date of the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition solely for the purpose of
consummating such Permitted Acquisition and (y) Indebtedness owing to sellers of assets or Equity Interests acquired in a Permitted Acquisition as part of the consideration therefor, and in each case, any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of
such Indebtedness; provided that, in each case, on a  pro forma  basis (within the meaning of the final paragraph of the definition of  EBITDA ) after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, Total Liquidity shall be at
least $40,000,000;    (u) Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed $7,500,000 at any time outstanding for all
Subsidiaries of Borrowers that are not Loan Parties, and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness;  provided , that such Indebtedness is not directly or indirectly recourse to any of the Loan Parties or of their respective
assets,  
      -35-  

(v) accrual of interest, accretion or amortization of original issue discount, or the payment of
interest in kind, in each case, on Indebtedness that otherwise constitutes Permitted Indebtedness,    (w) Subordinated Indebtedness (and any
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof), the aggregate outstanding amount of which does not exceed $500,000, and    (x) any other
unsecured Indebtedness (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) incurred by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $500,000 at any one time.  
   Permitted Intercompany Advances   means loans, capital contributions or other advances made by (a) a Loan Party to
another Loan Party, (b) a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to another Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party, (c) a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to a Loan Party, so long as the parties
thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, (d) a Loan Party to a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party so long as (x) immediately after giving  pro forma  effect thereto, Total Liquidity shall be at
least $5,000,000 and (y) the aggregate amount of all such loans, capital contributions or other advances made pursuant to this clause (d) does not exceed $15,000,000,  plus  an unlimited amount so long as, immediately after giving
 pro forma  effect thereto, Total Liquidity shall be at least $40,000,000, and (e) parties to a Permitted Genotek Transaction provided that, to the extent any such transaction provides for the payment of cash from a Loan Party to DNA
Genotek, Inc., such transaction shall provide that DNA Genotek, Inc. shall make a reasonably prompt return payment of a substantially equivalent amount of cash to a Loan Party.  
   Permitted Investments   means:  
 (a) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents and any other investments in cash equivalents made in accordance with Administrative
Borrower s investment policies in effect from time to time to the extent copies thereof have been provided to Agent,    (b) Investments
in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection,    (c) advances made in connection with purchases of goods or
services or to customers or distributors, and prepaid expenses, in each case in the ordinary course of business,    (d) Investments received
in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or owing to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in
favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries,    (e) Investments owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and set
forth on  Schedule P-2  to the Agreement,  
      -36-  

(f) guarantees permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,  
 (g) Permitted Intercompany Advances,  
 (h) Equity Interests or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness or claims due or owing to
a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security for any such Indebtedness or claims,  
 (i) deposits of cash made in the ordinary course of business to secure performance of operating leases,  
 (j) (x) non-cash loans and advances to employees, officers, and directors of Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries for the purpose of
purchasing Equity Interests in Administrative Borrower so long as the proceeds of such loans are used in their entirety to purchase such Equity Interests in Administrative Borrower, and (y) loans and advances to employees and officers of
Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business for any other business purpose and in an aggregate amount not to exceed $250,000 at any one time,  
 (k) Permitted Acquisitions,  
 (l) Investments in the form of capital contributions and the acquisition of Equity Interests made by any Loan Party in any other Loan Party
(other than capital contributions to or the acquisition of Equity Interests of the Administrative Borrower),    (m) Investments resulting
from entering into (i) Bank Product Agreements, or (ii) agreements relative to Indebtedness that is permitted under clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,  
 (n) equity Investments by any Loan Party in any Subsidiary of such Loan Party which is required by law to maintain a minimum net capital
requirement or as may be otherwise required by applicable law,    (o) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of
accounts receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business,    (p) Investments held by a Person acquired
in a Permitted Acquisition to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such Permitted Acquisition,  
 (q) the formation of new Subsidiaries (subject to compliance with  Section 5.11  of the Agreement),  
 (r) Investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated subsidiaries useful in the business of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries so long as the
aggregate amount of all such Investments made pursuant to this clause (r) does not exceed $15,000,000,  plus  an unlimited amount so long as, immediately after giving  pro forma  effect thereto, Total Liquidity shall be at least
$40,000,000; and  
      -37-  

(s) any other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 during the term of the
Agreement.      Permitted Liens   means  
 (a) Liens granted to, or for the benefit of, Agent to secure the Obligations,  
 (b) Liens for unpaid taxes, assessments, or other governmental charges or levies that either (i) are not yet delinquent, or (ii) do
not have priority over Agent s Liens and the underlying taxes, assessments, or charges or levies are the subject of Permitted Protests,  
 (c) judgment Liens arising solely as a result of the existence of judgments, orders, or awards that do not constitute an Event of Default
under  Section 8.3  of the Agreement,    (d) Liens set forth on  Schedule P-3  to the Agreement;  provided , that
any such Lien shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Closing Date and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof,  
 (e) the interests of lessors under operating leases, exclusive and non-exclusive licensors under license agreements and distributors under
exclusive and non-exclusive distribution agreements for the products of any Borrower or Subsidiary thereof,    (f) purchase money Liens or
the interests of lessors under Capital Leases to the extent that such Liens or interests secure Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and so long as (i) such Lien attaches only to the asset purchased or acquired and the proceeds thereof, and
(ii) such Lien only secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire the asset purchased or acquired or any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof,  
 (g) Liens arising by operation of law in favor of warehousemen, landlords, carriers, mechanics, materialmen, laborers, or suppliers not in
connection with the borrowing of money, and which Liens either (i) are for sums not yet delinquent, or (ii) are the subject of Permitted Protests,  
 (h) Liens on amounts deposited to secure any Borrower s and its Subsidiaries obligations in connection with worker s compensation or
other unemployment insurance,    (i) Liens on amounts deposited to secure any Borrower s and its Subsidiaries obligations in connection
with the making or entering into of bids, tenders, or leases in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money,  
 (j) Liens on amounts deposited to secure any Borrower s and its Subsidiaries reimbursement obligations with respect to surety or appeal
bonds obtained in the ordinary course of business,  
      -38-  

(k) with respect to any Real Property, easements, rights of way, restrictions (including zoning
restrictions), covenants, licenses, encroachments, protrusions and other similar charges or encumbrances, and minor title deficiencies on or with respect to such Real Property, in each case, whether now or hereafter in existence that do not
materially interfere with or impair the use or operation thereof,    (l) Permitted Dispositions,  
 (m) Liens that are replacements of Permitted Liens to the extent that the original Indebtedness is the subject of permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness and so long as the replacement Liens only encumber those assets that secured the original Indebtedness,    (n) rights of setoff
or bankers  liens upon deposits of funds in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such Deposit Accounts in the ordinary course of business,  
 (o) Liens granted on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums to the extent the financing is
permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness,    (p) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of
law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods,    (q) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits
made by a Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to a Permitted Acquisition,  
 (r) Liens assumed by any Borrower or its Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition that secure Acquired Indebtedness,  
 (s) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under clauses (r)(x) and (t)(x) of the definition of  Permitted
Indebtedness  provided that any such Liens secured by the Collateral shall be subject to an intercreditor agreement acceptable to Agent in its Permitted Discretion, and  
 (t) other Liens which do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money or letters of credit and as to which the aggregate amount of the
obligations secured thereby does not exceed $250,000.      Permitted Protest   means the right of any Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries to protest any Lien (other than any Lien that secures the Obligations), Taxes (other than payroll taxes or Taxes that are the subject of a United States federal tax lien), or rental payment, provided that (a) a reserve with respect
to such obligation is established on such Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  books and records in such amount as is required under GAAP, (b) any such protest is instituted promptly and prosecuted diligently by such Borrower or its
Subsidiary, as applicable, in good faith, and (c) Agent is reasonably satisfied that, while any such protest is pending, there will be no impairment of the enforceability, validity, or priority of any of Agent s Liens.  
      -39-  

Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness   means, as of any date of determination,
Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations), incurred after the Closing Date and at the time of, or within 30 days after, the acquisition, construction or improvement of any assets for the purpose of
financing all or any part of the purchase price or cost of such acquisition, construction or improvement, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not in excess of $2,000,000.  
   Person   means natural persons, corporations, limited liability companies, limited partnerships, general partnerships,
limited liability partnerships, joint ventures, trusts, land trusts, business trusts, or other organizations, irrespective of whether they are legal entities, and governments and agencies and political subdivisions thereof.  
   Platform   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 17.9(c)  of the Agreement.  
   Pro Rata Share   means, as of any date of determination:  
 (a) with respect to a Lender s obligation to make all or a portion of the Revolving Loans, with respect to such Lender s right to
receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect to the Revolving Loans, and with respect to all other computations and other matters related to the Revolver Commitments or the Revolving Loans, the percentage obtained by dividing
(i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders,    (b) with respect
to a Lender s obligation to participate in the Letters of Credit, with respect to such Lender s obligation to reimburse Issuing Bank, and with respect to such Lender s right to receive payments of Letter of Credit Fees, and with
respect to all other computations and other matters related to the Letters of Credit, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders;
 provided , that if all of the Revolving Loans have been repaid in full and all Revolver Commitments have been terminated, but Letters of Credit remain outstanding, Pro Rata Share under this clause shall be determined as if the Revolver
Commitments had not been terminated and based upon the Revolver Commitments as they existed immediately prior to their termination, and  
 (c) with respect to all other matters and for all other matters as to a particular Lender (including the indemnification obligations arising
under  Section 15.7  of the Agreement), the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders, in any such case as the applicable
percentage may be adjusted by assignments permitted pursuant to  Section 13.1 ;  provided , that if all of the Loans have been repaid in full, all Letters of Credit have been made the subject of Letter of Credit Collateralization, and
all Commitments have been terminated, Pro Rata Share under this clause shall be determined as if the Revolving Loan Exposures had not been repaid, collateralized, or terminated and shall be based upon the Revolving Loan Exposures as they existed
immediately prior to their repayment, collateralization, or termination.  
      -40-  

Projections   means Borrowers  forecasted (a) balance sheets,
(b) profit and loss statements, and (c) cash flow statements, all prepared on a basis consistent with Borrowers  historical financial statements.  
   Protective Advances   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.3(d)(i)  of the Agreement.  
   Public Health Laws   means all Requirement of Law relating to the procurement, development, clinical and non-clinical
evaluation or investigation, product approval or clearance, manufacture, production, analysis, distribution, dispensing, importation, exportation, use, handling, quality, reimbursement, sale, labeling, advertising, promotion, or post-market
requirements of any medical device (including any ingredient or component of, or accessory to, the foregoing products) subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. et seq.) and similar state or foreign laws,
controlled substances laws, pharmacy laws, or consumer product safety laws.      Public Lender   has the meaning specified
therefor in  Section 17.9(c)  of the Agreement.      Purchase Price   means, with respect to any Acquisition, an
amount equal to the aggregate consideration, whether cash, property or securities (including the fair market value of any Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower issued in connection with such Acquisition and including the portion of Earn-Outs
constituting  Indebtedness  under the definition thereof), paid or delivered by a Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Acquisition (whether paid at the closing thereof or payable thereafter and whether fixed or
contingent), but excluding therefrom (a) any cash of the seller and its Affiliates used to fund any portion of such consideration and (b) any cash or Cash Equivalents acquired in connection with such Acquisition.  
   Qualified Cash   means, as of any date of determination, the amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of Borrowers
and their Subsidiaries that is in Deposit Accounts or in Securities Accounts, or any combination thereof, and which such Deposit Account or Securities Account is the subject of a Control Agreement and is maintained by a branch office of the
applicable bank or securities intermediary located within the United States.      Qualified Equity Interest   means any
Equity Interest that is not a Disqualified Equity Interest.      Real Property   means any estates or interests in real
property now owned or hereafter acquired by any Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries and the improvements thereto.  
   Record   means information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or that is stored in an electronic or other medium and is
retrievable in perceivable form.  
      -41-  

Reference Period   has the meaning set forth in the definition of EBITDA.  
   Refinancing Indebtedness   means refinancings, renewals, or extensions of Indebtedness so long as:  
 (a) such refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in an increase in the principal amount of the Indebtedness so refinanced,
renewed, or extended, other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto,  
 (b) such refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity (measured as of the refinancing,
renewal, or extension) of the Indebtedness so refinanced, renewed, or extended, nor are they on terms or conditions that, taken as a whole, are or could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders,  
 (c) if the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended was subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, then the terms and
conditions of the refinancing, renewal, or extension must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Lender Group as those that were applicable to the refinanced, renewed, or extended Indebtedness, and  
 (d) the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended is not recourse to any Person that is liable on account of the Obligations other
than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended.  
   Register   has the meaning set forth in  Section 13.1(h)  of the Agreement.  
   Registered Loan   has the meaning set forth in  Section 13.1(h)  of the Agreement.  
   Registrations   means all Permits and exemptions issued or allowed by a Regulatory Authority (including biologics license
applications, device pre-market approval applications, device pre-market notifications, investigational device exemptions, product recertifications, manufacturing approvals, registrations and authorizations, CE Marks, pricing and reimbursement
approvals, labeling approvals or their foreign equivalent, controlled substance registrations, and wholesale distributor permits) held by, or applied by contract to, any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, that are required for the research,
development, manufacture, distribution, marketing, storage, transportation, use and sale of any Property or products of any such Loan Party or any such Subsidiary.  
   Regulatory Action   means an administrative or regulatory action, proceeding, investigation or non-routine inspection, FDA
Form 483 inspectional observation or other formal notice of serious deficiencies, warning letter, untitled letter, notice of violation letter, recall, alert, seizure, Section 305 notice or other similar communication, or consent decree
issued by a Regulatory Authority.  
      -42-  

Regulatory Authority   means the FDA or any comparable Governmental Authority
that is concerned with the safety, efficacy, reliability, manufacture, sale, advertising, promotion, reimbursement, import, export or marketing of medical products.  
   Regulatory Matters   means, collectively, activities, Property and products that are subject to Public Health Laws.  
   Related Fund   means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in
bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that
administers, advises or manages a Lender.      Remedial Action   means all actions taken to (a) clean up, remove,
remediate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, or in any way address Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) prevent or minimize a release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials so they do not migrate or
endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, (c) restore or reclaim natural resources or the environment, (d) perform any pre-remedial studies, investigations, or post-remedial operation
and maintenance activities, or (e) conduct any other actions with respect to Hazardous Materials required by Environmental Laws.  
   Replacement Lender   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.13(b)  of the Agreement.  
   Report   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 15.16  of the Agreement.  
   Required Lenders   means, at any time, Lenders having or holding more than 50% of the sum of (a) the aggregate Revolving
Loan Exposure of all Lenders;  provided , that (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the Required Lenders, (ii) at any time there are 2 or more Lenders,
 Required Lenders  must include at least 2 Lenders (who are not Affiliates of one another).      Requirement of
Law   means, with respect to any Person, any law (statutory or common), ordinance, treaty, rule, regulation, order, policy, judgment, writ, injunction, decree, or other legal requirement or determination of an arbitrator or of a Governmental
Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its Property or to which such Person or any of its Property is subject, including all Health Care Laws.  
   Reserves   means, as of any date of determination, those reserves (other than Bank Product Reserves) that Agent deems
necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion and subject to  Section 2.1(c) , to establish and maintain (including reserves with respect to (a) sums that Loan Party is required to pay under any Section of the Agreement or any
other Loan Document (such as Taxes, assessments, insurance premiums, or, in the case of leased assets, rents or other amounts payable under such leases) and has failed to pay, and (b) amounts owing by any Loan Party to any Person to the extent
secured by a Lien on any of the Collateral (other than a Permitted Lien), which Lien, in the Permitted Discretion of Agent likely would have a  
      -43-  

priority superior to the Agent s Liens (such as Liens in favor of landlords, warehousemen, carriers, mechanics, materialmen, laborers, or suppliers, or Liens for ad valorem, excise, sales,
or other Taxes where given priority under applicable law) in and to such item of the Collateral) with respect to the Borrowing Base or the Maximum Revolver Amount.  
   Restricted Payment   means to (a) pay any cash dividend or make any other cash payment or distribution, directly or
indirectly, on account of Equity Interests issued by a Borrower (including any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving a Borrower) or to the direct or indirect holders of Equity Interests issued by a Borrower in their
capacity as such (other than dividends or distributions payable in Qualified Equity Interests issued by a Borrower, (b) purchase, redeem, make any sinking fund or similar payment, or otherwise acquire or retire for value (including in
connection with any merger or consolidation involving a Borrower) any Equity Interests issued by a Borrower, (c) make any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options, or other rights to acquire Equity
Interests of a Borrower now or hereafter outstanding, and (d) make, or cause or suffer to permit a Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to make, any payment or prepayment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, or redemption, purchase,
retirement, defeasance (including in-substance or legal defeasance), sinking fund or similar payment with respect to, any Subordinated Indebtedness, except payments made in respect thereof in accordance with the subordination terms applicable to
such Subordinated Indebtedness.      Revolver Commitment   means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, its Revolver
Commitment, and, with respect to all Revolving Lenders, their Revolver Commitments, in each case as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Revolving Lender s name under the applicable heading on  Schedule C-1  to the Agreement
or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Revolving Lender became a Revolving Lender under the Agreement, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions
of  Section 13.1  of the Agreement.      Revolver Usage   means, as of any date of determination, the sum of
(a) the amount of outstanding Revolving Loans (inclusive of Swing Loans and Protective Advances),  plus  (b) the amount of the Letter of Credit Usage.  
   Revolving Lender   means a Lender that has a Revolving Loan Commitment or that has made an outstanding Revolving Loan.  
   Revolving Loan Exposure   means, with respect to any Revolving Lender, as of any date of determination (a) prior to the
termination of the Revolver Commitments, the amount of such Lender s Revolver Commitment, and (b) after the termination of the Revolver Commitments, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans of such Lender.  
   Revolving Loans   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.1(a)  of the Agreement.  
      -44-  

Sanctioned Entity   means (a) a country or a government of a country,
(b) an agency of the government of a country, (c) an organization directly or indirectly controlled by a country or its government, (d) a Person resident in or determined to be resident in a country, in each case, that is subject to a
country sanctions program administered and enforced by OFAC.      Sanctioned Person   means a person named on the list of
Specially Designated Nationals maintained by OFAC.      S P   has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of
Cash Equivalents.      SEC   means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and any successor thereto.  
   Securities Account   means a securities account (as that term is defined in the Code).  
   Securities Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.  
   Settlement   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.3(e)(i)  of the Agreement.  
   Settlement Date   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.3(e)(i)  of the Agreement.  
   Solvent   means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination, that (a) at fair valuations, the sum of
such Person s debts (including contingent liabilities) is less than all of such Person s assets, (b) such Person is not engaged or about to engage in a business or transaction for which the remaining assets of such Person are
unreasonably small in relation to the business or transaction or for which the property remaining with such Person is an unreasonably small capital, and (c) such Person has not incurred and does not intend to incur, or reasonably believe that
it will incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise), and (d) such Person is  solvent  or not  insolvent , as applicable within the meaning given those terms and
similar terms under applicable laws relating to fraudulent transfers and conveyances. For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and
circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial
Accounting Standard No. 5).      Standard Letter of Credit Practice   means, for Issuing Bank, any domestic or foreign
law or letter of credit practices applicable in the city in which Issuing Bank issued the applicable Letter of Credit or, for its branch or correspondent, such laws and practices applicable in the city in which it has advised, confirmed or
negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be, in each case, (a) which letter of credit practices are of banks that regularly issue letters of credit in the particular city, and (b) which laws or letter of credit practices are
required or permitted under ISP or UCP, as chosen in the applicable Letter of Credit.  
      -45-  

Subordinated Indebtedness   means any unsecured Indebtedness of any Borrower or
its Subsidiaries incurred from time to time that is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations and (a) that is only guaranteed by the Guarantors, (b) that is not subject to scheduled amortization, redemption, sinking fund or
similar payment and does not have a final maturity, in each case, on or before the date that is six months after the Maturity Date, (c) that does not include any financial covenants or any covenant or agreement that is more restrictive or
onerous on any Loan Party in any material respect than any comparable covenant in the Agreement and is otherwise on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Agent, and (d) shall be limited to cross-payment default and cross-acceleration to
designated  senior debt  (including the Obligations ).      Subsidiary   of a Person means a corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, or other entity in which that Person directly or indirectly owns or controls the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, or other entity.      Supermajority Lenders   means, at any time, Lenders having or holding more
than 66 2/3% of the sum of (a) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders;  provided , that the Revolving Loan Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the Required Lenders,  
   Swing Lender   means Wells Fargo or any other Lender that, at the request of Borrowers and with the consent of Agent agrees,
in such Lender s sole discretion, to become the Swing Lender under  Section 2.3(b)  of the Agreement.      Swing
Loan   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.3(b)  of the Agreement.      Swing Loan Exposure  
means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Lender, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Swing Loans on such date.  
   Taxes   means any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges of similar nature now or hereafter
imposed by any jurisdiction or by any political subdivision or Governmental Authority thereof or therein, and all interest and penalties with respect thereto.  
   Tax Lender   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 14.2(a)  of the Agreement.  
   Third Party Payor   means (i) a commercial medical insurance company, health maintenance organization, professional
provider organization or other third party payor that reimburses for goods or services, (ii) a nonprofit medical insurance company (such as the Blue Cross, Blue Shield entities), and (iii) a Government Account Debtor making payments under
a Government Reimbursement Program.      Total Liquidity   means, as of any date of determination, the sum of Qualified Cash
and Availability.  
      -46-  

UCP   means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and
Practice for Documentary Credits 2007 Revision, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 and any subsequent revision thereof adopted by the International Chamber of Commerce on the date such Letter of Credit is issued.  
   Unfinanced Capital Expenditures   means Capital Expenditures (a) not financed with the proceeds of any incurrence of
Indebtedness (other than the incurrence of any Revolving Loans), the proceeds of any sale or issuance of Equity Interests or equity contributions, the proceeds of any asset sale (other than the sale of Inventory in the ordinance course of business)
or any insurance proceeds, and (b) that are not reimbursed by a third party (excluding any Loan Party of any of its Affiliates) in the period such expenditures are made pursuant to a written agreement.  
   United States   means the United States of America.  
   Unused Line Fee   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 2.10(b)  of the Agreement.  
   Voidable Transfer   has the meaning specified therefor in  Section 17.8  of the Agreement.  
   Wells Fargo   means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association.  
      -47-  

</EX-10>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d281107dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
   Certification      I, Douglas A.
Michels, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of OraSure Technologies, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d  15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors:        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 8, 2016       

/s/ Douglas A. Michels    
 
 Douglas A. Michels  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 ( Principal Executive Officer )  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d281107dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
   Certification      I, Ronald H. Spair,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of OraSure Technologies, Inc.;      2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report;    3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d  15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors:        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 8, 2016       

/s/ Ronald H. Spair    
 
 Ronald H. Spair  
 
 Chief Operating Officer and  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 ( Principal Financial Officer )  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d281107dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C.  1350,      AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO      SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of OraSure Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Douglas A. Michels, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:    (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

/s/ Douglas A. Michels   
 
 Douglas A. Michels  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 8, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d281107dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C.    1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of OraSure Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ronald H. Spair, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:    (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

/s/ Ronald H. Spair   
 
 Ronald H. Spair  
 
 Chief Operating Officer and  
 
   Chief Financial Officer  

November 8, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 osur-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 osur-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 osur-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 osur-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 osur-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 osur-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

