<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_1385292_0001193125-16-753734_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5125476</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>582777</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>308475</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>993564</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1839930</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1080460</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>72</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-753734.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031171457
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-753734
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001385292
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				203289482
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33612
		FILM NUMBER:		161962483

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 UNICORN PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			WOBURN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-970-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 UNICORN PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			WOBURN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-753734.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 d267781d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                           
  Commission File Number 001-33612        
       MONOTYPE
IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (781) 970-6000   
  (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal year, if changed since last report)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).    Yes         No       
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of October 24, 2016 was 41,626,782.  

Table of Contents  

   MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   
    INDEX       

Page  

Part I. Financial Information    

3 

Item 1.   
   
    Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016     and 2015   

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016 and 2015   

5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and     2015   

6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

7 

Item 2.   
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

18 

Item 3.   
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

31 

Item 4.   
   
    Controls and Procedures   

33 

Part II. Other Information    

33 

Item 1.   
   
    Legal Proceedings   

33 

Item 1A.   
   
    Risk Factors   

33 

Item 2.   
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

34 

Item 3.   
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

34 

Item 4.   
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

35 

Item 5.   
   
    Other Information   

35 

Item 6.   
   
    Exhibits   

35 

Signatures    

36 

Exhibit Index    

37 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
  MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Unaudited and in thousands, except share and per share data)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
  (Unaudited and in thousands, except share and per share data)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (Unaudited and in thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited and in thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   
    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016      1. Nature of
the Business     Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. (the  Company  or  we ) is a leading provider of type, technology and
expertise for creative professionals and consumer device manufacturers. Our end-user and embedded solutions for print, web and mobile environments enable consumers and professionals to create and consume dynamic content across multiple devices and
mediums. Our technologies and fonts enable the display and printing of high quality digital text. Our solutions power the visual expression of the leading makers of a wide range of devices, including laser printers, digital copiers, mobile phones,
e-book readers, tablets, automotive displays, digital cameras, navigation devices, digital televisions, set-top boxes, consumer appliances and Internet of Things devices, as well as provide a high-quality text experience in numerous software
applications and operating systems. We also provide printer drivers and printer user interface technology to printer manufacturers and OEMs (original equipment manufacturers). We license our fonts and technologies to consumer device manufacturers,
independent software vendors and creative and business professionals and we are headquartered in Woburn, Massachusetts. We operate in one business segment: the development, marketing and licensing of technologies and fonts. We also maintain various
offices worldwide for selling and marketing, research and development and administration. We conduct our operations through five domestic operating subsidiaries, Monotype Imaging Inc., Monotype ITC Inc., MyFonts Inc., Swyft Media Inc. and Olapic,
Inc., and seven foreign operating subsidiaries, Olapic Argentina S.A., Monotype Ltd., Olapic UK Ltd., Monotype GmbH ( Monotype Germany ), Monotype Solutions India Pvt. Ltd., Monotype Hong Kong Ltd. and Monotype KK.  
  2. Basis of Presentation     The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
and have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial reporting and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) for Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, such financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. GAAP requires the
Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results to
be expected for the year or for any future periods.    In management s opinion, these unaudited condensed consolidated interim
financial statements contain all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements for the interim periods presented.  
 These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 as reported in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K.    The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described below and elsewhere in these notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. As of September 30,
2016, the Company s significant accounting policies and estimates, which are detailed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, have not changed.  
  3. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements      Share
Based Compensation     In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU,
2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share based payments, including
income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity, or liabilities, an option to make a policy election to recognize gross share based compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur as well as certain
classification changes on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact that
adopting ASU 2016-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   Leases   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842), Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification,  which
replaces the existing guidance for leases. ASU 2016-02 requires the identification of arrangements that should be accounted for as leases by lessees. In general, for lease arrangements exceeding a twelve month term, these arrangements must now be
recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet of the lessee. Under ASU 2016-02, a right-of-use asset and lease obligation will be recorded for all leases, whether operating or financing, while the income statement will reflect lease
expense for operating leases and amortization/interest expense for financing leases. The balance sheet amount recorded for existing leases at the date of adoption of ASU 2016-02 must be calculated using the applicable incremental borrowing rate at
the date of adoption. In addition, ASU 2016-02 requires the use of the modified retrospective method, which will require adjustment to all comparative periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. This guidance is effective for annual
and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and requires retrospective application. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
    Going Concern     In August 2014, the
FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40); Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , which requires management of a company to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ASU provides guidance on evaluating an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and the content of any required footnote disclosure
based on that evaluation. The assessment period is one year after the date of the financial statements are issued. The standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15, but we do not expect the adoption of this standard to have any impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
  Revenue Recognition     In May 2014, the
FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board jointly issued ASU 2014-9,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which provides a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires revenue to be recognized in a
manner to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance is effective for annual reporting and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the adoption method it will apply, and the impact that this standard will
have on its financial statements and related disclosures.     4. Acquisition   
   Olapic, Inc.      On August 9,
2016, the Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of Olapic, Inc., a privately-held company located in New York, New York; its wholly-owned subsidiaries Olapic UK Ltd., based in London, England; and Olapic Argentina S.A., based in
C rdoba, Argentina (collectively,  Olapic ). Olapic is a provider of a leading visual commerce platform for collecting, curating, showcasing and measuring crowd sourced photos and videos. Olapic s Earned Content Platform helps
brands collect, curate, use and analyze user-generated content in the form of images and videos in their ecommerce experiences and across multiple marketing channels. This allows consumers to make more educated purchasing decisions, discover new
products and connect to the brand s community. The Company leverages photos and videos from social network sites to help to create powerful branded experiences that drive consumer engagement and increase conversions. The Company acquired Olapic
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $123.7 million, consisting of approximately $13.7 million in cash and borrowed $110.0 million from its line of credit, net of cash acquired. The Merger Agreement included an additional $9.0 million of
consideration that has been placed in escrow and will be paid to the founders of Olapic contingent upon continued employment with the Company. Accordingly, this amount will be recognized as compensation expense over the service period contractually
required to earn such amounts, which is $3.0 million after twenty four months and the remainder after thirty six months from the acquisition date. Monotype issued approximately $17.1 million of a combination of restricted stock awards or
restricted stock units to the founders and employees of Olapic. These awards will vest over time based on continued employment, and accordingly will be accounted for as compensation expense. Seventy four employees from Olapic s U.S. operations,
eighty four employees from Olapic s Argentina operations and forty UK and European employees joined the Company in connection with the acquisition. The results of operations of Olapic have been included in our consolidated results and revenue
is included within the Creative Professional market beginning on August 9, 2016, the date of acquisition.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The table below provides the Olapic employees by functional area who have joined the Company in
connection with the acquisition:      
   The purchase price was allocated to the assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair value at the
date of acquisition, as noted below (in thousands):      
   The estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired were recorded as follows:  
   
   A portion of the purchase price has been allocated to intangible assets and goodwill, respectively, and is
reflected in the tables above. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is less than the purchase price, resulting in the recognition of goodwill. The goodwill reflects the value of the synergies we expect to realize and the
assembled workforce. The acquisition of Olapic was structured in such a manner that the goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The purchase price has been allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based upon the respective estimates of fair value as of the date of the acquisition, which remains preliminary as of September 30, 2016, and using assumptions that the Company s management believes are reasonable given the
information currently available. The final allocation of the purchase price to intangible assets, goodwill and deferred tax assets and liabilities may differ materially from the information presented in these condensed consolidated financial
statements.    We recorded revenue of $2.0 million and a net loss of $4.6 million from Olapic, since the acquisition date, which
is included in our condensed consolidated statements of income, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Transaction costs of $0.7 million and $1.1 million are included in general and administrative expenses in our condensed
consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

    Pro Forma Results    
 The following table shows unaudited pro forma results of operations as if we had acquired Olapic at the beginning of the periods presented (in
thousands, except per share amounts):     
   The unaudited pro forma results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the actual results that would
have occurred had the transactions actually taken place at the beginning of the periods indicated.     5. Fair Value Measurements   
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. In order to increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements, the Codification established a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair
value into three broad levels, which are described below:    Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible
at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs.    Level 2:
Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs
that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.    Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or
no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. The fair value
hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.    In determining fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as considers counterparty and our own credit risk in its assessment of fair value.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents our financial assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value,
classified according to the three categories described above (in thousands):      
   The Company s recurring fair value measures relate to short-term investments, which are classified as
cash equivalents, derivative instruments and from time-to-time contingent consideration. The fair value of our cash equivalents are either based on quoted prices for similar assets or other observable inputs such as yield curves at commonly quoted
intervals and other market corroborated inputs. The fair value of our derivatives is based on quoted market prices from various banking institutions or an independent third-party provider for similar instruments. In determining the fair value, we
consider our non-performance risk and that of our counterparties. At September 30, 2016, we had one 30-day forward contract to sell 2.6 million British pound sterling and purchase $3.4 million that together, had an immaterial fair value.
There were no outstanding forward contracts at December 31, 2015.    The Company s non-financial assets and non-financial
liabilities subject to non-recurring measurements include goodwill and intangible assets.     6. Goodwill and Intangible Assets   
     Goodwill      
 The changes in the carrying value of goodwill are as follows (in thousands):  
   
       Intangible Assets      
 Intangible assets consist of the following (dollar amounts in thousands):  

11  

Table of Contents  

   7. Debt   
 On September 15, 2015, the Company entered into a new credit agreement (the   New Credit Agreement  ) by and among the
Company, the Company s subsidiary, Monotype Imaging Inc., any financial institution that becomes a Lender (as defined therein) and Silicon Valley Bank, as agent which provides for a five-year $150.0 million secured revolving credit facility
(the   Credit Facility  ). The Credit Facility permits the Company to request that the Lenders, at their election, increase the secured credit facility to a maximum of $200.0 million. The Credit Facility is available to the Company on
a revolving basis through September 15, 2020. Repayment of any amounts borrowed are not required until maturity of the Credit Facility. However, the Company may repay any amounts borrowed at any time, without premium or penalty. The New Credit
Agreement replaced the Company s existing $120.0 million revolving credit facility (the   Original Credit Agreement  ) by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC. The Original Credit Agreement was terminated
effective September 15, 2015 and was scheduled to expire on July 13, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $110.0 million outstanding under the Credit Facility.  
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate not less than zero based upon, at the Company s option, either
LIBOR or the higher of (i) the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal, and (ii) 0.5% plus the overnight federal funds rate, plus in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin for LIBOR loans, based on the applicable
leverage ratio, is 1.25%, 1.50% or 1.75% per annum, and the applicable margin for base rate loans, based on the applicable leverage ratio, is either 0.25%, 0.50% or 0.75%% per annum. At September 30, 2016 our rate, inclusive of
applicable margins, was 1.8% for LIBOR. The Company is required to pay a commitment fee, based on the applicable leverage ratio, equal to 0.20%, 0.25% or 0.30% per annum on the undrawn portion available under the revolving credit facility and
variable per annum fees in respect of outstanding letters of credit. In connection with the New Credit Agreement, the Company incurred closing and legal fees of $1.0 million, which have been accounted for as deferred financing costs and will be
amortized to interest expense over the term of the New Credit Agreement.    In addition to other covenants, the New Credit Agreement places
limits on the Company and its subsidiaries  ability to incur debt or liens and engage in sale-leaseback transactions, make loans and investments, incur additional indebtedness, engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales, transact with
affiliates and alter its business. The New Credit Agreement also contains events of default, and affirmative covenants, including financial maintenance covenants which include (i) a maximum ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated
adjusted EBITDA of 3.00 to 1.00, and (ii) a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.00. At September 30, 2016, our leverage ratio was 1.69:1.00 and our fixed charge ratio was 4.19:1.00. Adjusted EBITDA, under the Credit
Facility, is defined as consolidated net income (or loss), plus net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and share based compensation expense, plus acquisition expenses not to exceed $2.0 million on a trailing twelve month
basis, plus restructuring, issuance costs, cash non-operating costs and other expenses or losses minus cash non-operating gains and other non-cash gains. Failure to comply with these covenants, or the occurrence of an event of default, could permit
the Lenders under the New Credit Agreement to declare all amounts borrowed under the New Credit Agreement, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, the Credit Facility is secured by a lien on
substantially all of the Company s and its domestic subsidiaries  tangible and intangible property by a pledge of all of the equity interests of the Company s direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries and by a pledge by the
Company s domestic subsidiaries of 65% of the equity of their direct foreign subsidiaries, subject to limited exceptions. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under our Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016.  
  8. Defined Benefit Pension Plan     Our
German subsidiary maintains an unfunded defined benefit pension plan which covers substantially all employees who joined the company prior to the plan s closure to new participants in 2006. Participants are entitled to benefits in the form of
retirement, disability and surviving dependent pensions. Benefits generally depend on years of service and the salary of the employees.  
 The components of net periodic benefit cost included in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income were as follows (in
thousands):      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

   9. Income Taxes   
 A reconciliation of income taxes computed at federal statutory rates to income tax expense is as follows (dollar amounts in thousands):  
   
   At September 30, 2016, the reserve for uncertain tax positions was approximately $6.0 million. Of this
amount, $3.6 million is recorded as a reduction of deferred tax assets and $2.4 million is classified as long term liabilities.    The
permanent non-deductible acquisition related expense consists of purchase consideration primarily from the Olapic and Swyft acquisitions that is contingent on continued employment of key employees. For financial reporting purposes, these amounts are
treated as compensation expense recognized ratably over the minimum required employment periods, which range from January 2018 to August 2019. Since these transactions were accounted for as stock acquisitions, such amounts are not deductible for tax
purposes. During the first quarter of 2015, the Company settled a tax audit related to its Japan subsidiary. As a result of this settlement, the Company recognized a tax benefit of $0.3 million. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company settled
a tax audit related to its 2012 U.S. federal tax return. As a result of this settlement, the Company recognized a tax benefit of $0.2 million. Additionally, the Company recognized a tax benefit of $0.5 million in the quarter ended
September 30, 2015, as a result of the expiration of the 2011 U.S. federal statute of limitations.     10. Net Income Per Share   
 Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed pursuant to the two-class method. The two-class method determines earnings per share for each
class of common stock and participating security according to their respective participation rights in undistributed earnings. Unvested restricted stock awards granted to employees are considered participating securities as they receive
non-forfeitable rights to cash dividends at the same rate as common stock. In accordance with ASC Topic No. 260,  Earnings Per Share,  diluted net income per share is calculated using the more dilutive of the following two approaches:  

1. 
 Assume exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock using the treasury stock method.        

2. 
 Assume exercise of stock options using the treasury stock method, but assume participating securities (unvested restricted stock) are not vested and allocate earnings to common shares and participating securities using
the two-class method.    
      13  

Table of Contents  

  For all periods presented, the two-class method was used in the computation of diluted net income
per share as this approach was more dilutive. The following presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share (in thousands, except share and per share data):  

14  

Table of Contents  

  The following common share equivalents have been excluded from the computation of diluted
weighted-average shares outstanding, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive:      
    11. Stockholders  Equity   
  Share Purchases     On August 30, 2016,
the Company s Board of Directors approved a share purchase program permitting repurchases of up to $25.0 million of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock through December 31, 2017. During the third quarter of 2016, there
were no purchases of common stock under the program. Intended to offset shareholder dilution, the Company expects to make repurchases periodically, either on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, subject to availability, as
business and market conditions warrant. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at management s and/or the Board of
Director s discretion.     Share Based Compensation   
 We account for share based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic No. 718,  Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires
the measurement of compensation costs at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation expense over the service period for awards expected to vest. The following presents the impact of share based compensation expense on our
condensed consolidated statements of income (in thousands):      
   In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, approximately $0 and $82 thousand, respectively,
of share based compensation was capitalized as part of an internal software project, and this amount is included in property and equipment, net in our condensed consolidated balance sheet.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $42.3 million of unrecognized compensation expense, which is net of expected forfeitures,
related to employees and directors  unvested stock options, restricted stock units and restricted stock awards that are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9 years. As of September 30, 2016, most of the
performance criteria was not met on the performance-based restricted stock units; however, if the Company had determined achievement of those performance criteria was probable, the Company would have $5.5 million of unrecognized compensation expense
related to these awards.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

   12. Segment Reporting   
 We view our operations and manage our business as one segment: the development, marketing and licensing of technologies and fonts. Factors
used to identify our single segment include the financial information available for evaluation by our chief operating decision maker in making decisions about how to allocate resources and assess performance. While our technologies and services are
sold into two principal markets, Creative Professional and OEM, expenses and assets are not formally allocated to these market segments, and operating results are assessed on an aggregate basis to make decisions about the allocation of resources.
Olapic s revenue has been included in our Creative Professional market. The following table presents revenue for these two major markets (in thousands):      
     Geographic segment information    
 The Company attributes revenue to geographic areas based on the location of our subsidiary receiving such revenue. For example, licenses may
be sold to large international companies which may be headquartered in the Republic of Korea, but the sales are received and recorded by our subsidiary located in the United States. In this example, the revenue would be reflected in the United
States totals in the table below. We market our products and services through offices in the U.S., United Kingdom, Germany, China, Republic of Korea and Japan. The following summarizes revenue by location:  

16  

Table of Contents  

  Long-lived assets, which include property and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets, but
exclude other assets and deferred tax assets, are attributed to geographic areas in which Company assets reside and is shown below (in thousands):      
    13. Commitments and Contingencies   
   Operating Leases      We conduct
operations in facilities under operating leases expiring through 2025. In accordance with the lease terms, we pay real estate taxes and other operating costs. Our leases in California, New York, Massachusetts, Germany, India and Republic of Korea
contain renewal options. The Company s future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of September 30, 2016 are approximately as follows (in thousands):  
   
     Legal Proceedings    
 From time to time, we may be a party to various claims, suits and complaints. We do not believe that there are claims or legal proceedings
that, if determined adversely to us, would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.  
   Licensing Warranty    
 Under our standard license agreement with our OEM customers, we warrant that the licensed technologies are free of infringement claims of
intellectual property rights and will meet the specifications as defined in the licensing agreement for a specified period, typically one year. Under the licensing agreements, liability for such indemnity obligations is limited, generally to the
total arrangement fee; however, exceptions have been made on a case-by-case basis, increasing the maximum potential liability to agreed upon amounts at the time the contract is entered into or unlimited liability. We believe the estimated fair value
of these warranties is minimal. Accordingly, there are no liabilities recorded for these warranties as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
  14. Subsequent Events      Dividend Declaration   
 On October 26, 2016 the Company s Board of Directors declared a $0.11 per share quarterly cash dividend on our outstanding common
stock. The record date is set for January 2, 2017 and the dividend is payable to shareholders of record on January 20, 2017. Dividends are declared at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and depend on actual cash from
operations, the Company s financial condition and capital requirements and any other factors the Company s Board of Directors may consider relevant. Future dividend declarations, as well as the record and payment dates for such dividends,
will be determined by the Company s Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

   Share Purchase Program   
 Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company purchased 8,000 shares of common stock for $0.2 million, at an average price per share of
$21.84 through October 20, 2016. The Company purchased these shares on the open market at prevailing market prices and in accordance with its previously announced share purchase program. At October 20, 2016, $24.8 million remains for future
purchase under the Plan.       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations       Forward Looking Statements and Projections    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward looking statements. Forward looking statements relate to future events or our
future financial performance. We generally identify forward looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   could, 
 intends,   target,   projects,   contemplates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other similar
words. These statements are only predictions. We have based these forward looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition. The outcome of the events described in these forward looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations,   Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Accordingly, you should not rely upon forward looking statements as predictions of future events. We cannot assure you that the events
and circumstances reflected in the forward looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward looking statements. The forward looking statements made in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to
reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.       Overview    
 We are a leading provider of type, technology and expertise for creative professionals and consumer device manufacturers. Our vision is that
our fonts and technology empower every word and experience. We help creative professionals, consumer device manufacturers and independent software vendors connect their brands, content, products and services to consumers and businesses everywhere.
Monotype is home to some of the world s most well-known typeface collections. Along with our custom type services, our solutions enable consumers and professionals to express their creativity, while our tools and technologies improve creative
workflows and maximize efficiency as content is published or distributed. Our solutions provide worldwide language coverage and high-quality text, and our embedded solutions support compelling user interfaces. We offer more than 16,000 typeface
designs, and include some of the world s most widely used designs, such as the Times New Roman   , Helvetica   , Frutiger   , ITC Franklin Gothic , FF Meta and Droid  typefaces, and support more than 250 Latin and non-Latin languages. Our e-commerce websites, including  myfonts.com, fonts.com, fontshop.com,
 and  linotype.com,  which attracted more than 80 million visits in 2015 from over 200 countries and territories, offer thousands of high-quality font products including our own fonts from the Monotype Libraries, as well as fonts
from third parties.    On August 9, 2016, the Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of Olapic, Inc., a privately-held company
located in located in New York, New York; its wholly-owned subsidiaries Olapic UK Ltd., based in London, England; and Olapic Argentina S.A., based in C rdoba, Argentina. Olapic is a provider of a leading visual commerce platform for collecting,
curating, showcasing and measuring crowd sourced photos and videos. Olapic s Earned Content Platform helps brands collect, curate, use and analyze user-generated content in the form of images and videos in their ecommerce experiences and across
multiple marketing channels. This allows consumers to make more educated purchasing decisions, discover new products and connect to the brand s community. The Company leverages photos and videos from social network sites to help to create
powerful branded experiences that drive consumer engagement and increase conversions. The Company acquired Olapic for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $123.7 million, consisting of approximately $13.7 million in cash and borrowed
$110.0 million from its line of credit, net of cash acquired. The merger agreement included an additional $9.0 million of consideration that has been placed in escrow and will be paid to the founders of Olapic contingent upon continued employment
with the Company. Accordingly, this amount will be recognized as compensation expense over the service period contractually required to earn such amounts, which is $3.0 million after twenty four months and the remainder after thirty six months from
the acquisition date. Monotype issued approximately $17.1 million of a combination of restricted stock awards or restricted stock units to the founders and employees of Olapic. These awards will vest over time based on continued employment, and
accordingly will be accounted for as compensation expense. Seventy five employees from Olapic s U.S. operations, eighty five employees from Olapic s Argentina operations and forty one UK and European employees joined the Company in
connection with the acquisition. The results of operations of Olapic have been included in our consolidated results and revenue is included within the Creative Professional market beginning on August 9, 2016, the date of acquisition. In connection
with the acquisition, we recorded $88.7 million of goodwill. The goodwill reflects the value of the synergies we expect to realize and the assembled workforce. The acquisition of Olapic was structured in such a manner that the goodwill is not
expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The purchase price has been allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon the respective estimates of fair value as of the date of the acquisition, which
remains preliminary as of September 30, 2016, and using assumptions that the Company s management believes are reasonable given the information currently available. The final allocation of the purchase price to intangible assets, goodwill
and deferred tax assets and liabilities may differ materially from the information presented in these condensed consolidated financial statements.  
   Sources of Revenue    
 We derive revenue from two principal sources: primarily licensing our fonts and font related services to creative and business professionals,
which we refer to as our Creative Professional revenue, and licensing our text imaging solutions to consumer device manufacturers and independent software vendors, which we refer to as our OEM revenue. We derive our Creative Professional revenue
primarily from brands, agencies, publishers, corporations, enterprises, small businesses and individuals. Some of our revenue streams, particularly custom font design services where spending is largely discretionary in nature, have historically been
and we expect them to continue to be in the future, susceptible to weakening economic conditions.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  Geographic revenue, which is based on the location of our subsidiary receiving such revenue, is
in the table below:      
     
   For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, sales by our subsidiaries located outside the
United States comprised 38.3% and 45.0%, respectively, of our total revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, sales by our subsidiaries located outside the United States comprised 43.0% and 44.6%, respectively, of our
total revenue. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, U.S. revenue as a percent of total revenue increased due to the Olapic acquisition. We expect that sales by our international subsidiaries will continue to represent a substantial
portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Future international revenue will depend on the continued use and expansion of our fonts and font technology worldwide.  
 We derive a significant portion of our OEM revenue from a limited number of customers, in particular manufacturers of laser printers and
consumer electronics. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our top ten licensees by revenue, most of which are OEM customers, accounted for approximately 33.5% and 34.5% of our total revenue, respectively. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our top ten licensees by revenue, most of which are OEM customers, accounted for approximately 30.9% and 34.4% of our total revenue, respectively. Although no one customer accounted for more than 10% of our
total revenue for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015, if we are unable to maintain relationships with major customers or establish relationships with new customers, our licensing revenue will be adversely affected.  
  Creative Professional Revenue   
 Our Creative Professional revenue is derived primarily from font licenses, font related services and from custom font design services. We
license fonts directly to end-users through our e-commerce websites, via telephone, e-mail and indirectly through third-party resellers. Font related services refer to our web font services and web design tools. We also license fonts and provide
custom font design services to graphic designers, advertising agencies, media organizations and corporations. Through our recent acquisition, we also license access to Olapic s Earned Content Platform, application software, to brands. We refer
to direct, indirect and custom font design services, as non-web revenue, and refer to revenue that is derived from our websites, as web revenue.  
 Revenue from font licenses to our e-commerce customers is recognized upon payment by the customer and the software embodying the font is
shipped or made available. Revenue from font licenses to other customers is recognized upon shipment of the software embodying the font and when all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Revenue from resellers is recognized upon
notification from the reseller that our font product has been licensed and when all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Custom font design services are generally recognized upon delivery, unless it is part of a bundled services
arrangement, in which case, it is recognized over the longest service period. Font related service revenue is mainly subscription based and it may contain software as a service. Substantially all of Olapic s revenue consists of
subscription-based software as a service ( SaaS ). Subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription period.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  We consider web server and commercial rights to online fonts as recurring revenue and it is
recognized upon payment by the customer and proof of font delivery, when all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Contract accounting, completed contract for short-term projects and percentage-of-completion for long-term projects, is
used where services are deemed essential to the software.     OEM Revenue   
 Our OEM revenue is derived substantially from per-unit royalties received for printer imaging and printer driver, or printer products, and
display imaging products. Under our licensing arrangements we typically receive a royalty for each product unit incorporating our fonts and technology that is shipped by our OEM customers. We also receive OEM revenue from fixed fee licenses with
certain of our OEM customers. Fixed fee licensing arrangements are not based on units shipped by the customer, but instead, customers pay us on a periodic basis for the right to embed our fonts and technology in their products. Although
significantly less than royalties from per-unit shipments and fixed fees from OEM customers, we also receive revenue from software application and operating systems vendors, who include our fonts and technology in their products, and for font
development. Many of our per-unit royalty licenses continue for the duration that our OEM customers ship products that include our technology, unless terminated for breach. Other licenses have terms that typically range from one to five years, and
usually provide for automatic or optional renewals. We recognize revenue from per-unit royalties in the period during which we receive a royalty report from a customer, typically one quarter after royalty-bearing units are shipped, as we do not have
the ability to estimate the number of units shipped by our customers. Revenue from fixed fee licenses is generally recognized when it is billed to the customer, so long as the product has been delivered, the license fee is fixed and non-refundable
and collection is probable. OEM revenue also includes project-related agreements for which contract accounting, completed contract for short-term projects and percentage-of-completion for long-term projects, may be used.  
   Cost of Revenue    
 Our cost of revenue consists of font license fees that we pay on certain fonts that are owned by third parties, allocated internal engineering
expense and overhead costs directly related to custom font design services. Our cost of revenue also consists of server and hosting fees and moderating fees related to delivery of Olapic s SaaS services. License fees that we pay to third
parties are typically based on a percentage of our Creative Professional and OEM revenue and do not involve minimum fees. Our cost of OEM revenue has typically had a lower cost than our cost of Creative Professional revenue because we own a higher
percentage of the fonts licensed to our OEM customers, provide value-added technology and have negotiated lower royalty rates on the fonts we license from third parties because of volume. We have achieved improved margins on our Creative
Professional revenue as a result of product mix and lower royalty rates. In addition, Creative Professional revenue includes custom font design service revenue, which has a substantially higher cost than our other revenue. Our gross profit
margin may vary depending on the mix of revenue between sales of our fonts and sales of third party fonts, and depending on the level of custom font design service revenue.  
 Cost of revenue also includes amortization of acquired technology, which we amortize over 8 to 15 years. For purposes of amortizing acquired
technology we estimate the remaining useful life of the technology based upon various considerations, including our knowledge of the technology and the way our customers use it. We use the straight-line method to amortize our acquired technology.
There is no reliable evidence to suggest that we should expect any other pattern of amortization than an even pattern, and we believe this best reflects the expected pattern of economic usage.  
   Gross Profit      Our
gross profit percentage is influenced by a number of factors including product mix, pricing and volume at any particular time. However, our cost of OEM revenue is typically lower than our cost of Creative Professional revenue because we own a higher
percentage of the fonts licensed to our OEM customers, provide value-added technology and have negotiated lower royalty rates on the fonts we license from third parties because of volume. In addition, within our Creative Professional business, the
cost of our custom font design service revenue is substantially higher than the cost of our other revenue. The relative cost of our Creative Professional revenue has decreased in recent periods, as efforts to sell more of our fonts have been
successful, and because we have recently experienced success in our effort to sell certain license rights that carry lower royalty rates to Creative Professional customers. Our gross profit is subject to variability from period-to-period,
depending on the product mix and the level of custom font design service revenue.      Critical Accounting Policies    
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP and our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts  
      20  

Table of Contents  

reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates.  
 There has been no material change in our critical accounting policies since December 31, 2015. Information about our critical accounting
policies may be found in Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  under the heading  Critical Accounting Policies,  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015.      Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three
Months Ended September 30, 2015      The following table sets forth items in the condensed consolidated quarterly statements of
income as a percentage of sales for the periods indicated:      
    Revenues by Market.  We view our operations and manage our business as one segment: the development,
marketing and licensing of technologies and fonts. Factors used to identify our single segment include the financial information available for evaluation by our chief operating decision maker in making decisions about how to allocate resources and
assess performance. While our technologies and services are sold to customers in two principal markets, Creative Professional and consumer device manufacturers and independent software vendors, together OEM, expenses and assets are not formally
allocated to these markets, and operating results are assessed on an aggregate basis to make decisions about the allocation of resources.  
 The following table presents revenue for these two principal markets (in thousands):  

21  

Table of Contents  

   Revenue   
 Revenue was $52.2 million and $49.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $2.8
million, or 5.8%.    Creative Professional revenue increased $5.3 million, or 23.7%, to $27.8 million in the three months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to $22.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015, mainly due to increased direct revenue and revenue from Olapic. Direct revenue increased partially due to licenses of digital ads and partially
due to increased recurring licenses of fonts for web server applications to enterprise customers. Olapic subscription sales also contributed to the increase in Creative Professional revenue period over period.  
 OEM revenue was $24.4 million and $26.9 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $2.5
million, or 9.1%. Decreased royalty revenue from our printer OEM customers and display imaging consumer electronic OEM customers was mainly due to lower volume of shipments and decreased license revenue from our independent software vendor
customers.     Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit   
 Cost of revenue, excluding amortization of acquired technology, was $8.5 million and $7.4 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $1.1 million, or 16.1%. The increase in cost of revenue in the third quarter of 2016 is a result of a higher proportion of Creative Professional revenue in our mix of total revenue, which typically has a
higher associated cost than OEM, partially offset by improved margins on our Creative Professional revenue with enterprise customers, as compared to the third quarter of 2015. Further, our Creative Professional revenue has grown organically and from
the acquisition of Olapic, while our OEM revenue has declined as described above. In the three months ended September 30, 2016, Creative Professional revenue was 53.2% of total revenue, as compared to 45.5% of total revenue in the same period
in 2015.    The portion of cost of revenue consisting of amortization of acquired technology increased $0.3 million, or 26.6%, to $1.3
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to our acquisition of Olapic.  
 Gross profit was 81.1% of sales in the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 83.0% in the three months ended
September 30, 2015, a decrease of 1.9 percentage points due to variations in product mix, as detailed above.     Operating Expenses
     Marketing and Selling.  Marketing and selling expense was $16.5 million and $15.5 million, an increase of $1.0 million, or 6.9%,
in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Personnel expenses increased $1.6 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to additional headcount from
our acquisition of Olapic and due to additional compensation expense in connection with an amendment to the Swyft Media Merger Agreement executed in November 2015. Other marketing related expenses decreased $0.7 million, mainly due to the timing of
targeted spending, in the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015.     Research and
Development.  Research and development expense increased $2.6 million, or 50.9% to $7.8 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $5.2 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015. Personnel and
personnel related expenses increased $2.2 million in the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, mainly due to additional headcount from our acquisition of Olapic. External consulting and related software development accounted
for $0.2 million of the overall increase.     General and Administrative.  General and administrative expense increased $3.2 million,
or 38.9%, to $11.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $8.2 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015. Personnel and personnel related expenses increased $2.5 million in the three months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, due to additional headcount from our acquisition of Olapic and other targeted hiring. Higher infrastructure expenses generally resulting from the increased headcount, such as software
licenses, facilities related expenses and depreciation, contributed $0.6 million to the overall increase in general and administrative expense.  
  Amortization of Other Intangible Assets.  Amortization of other intangible assets was $0.9 million and $0.9 million in the three months
ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, respectively.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

   Interest Expense, Net   
 Interest expense, net of interest income was $0.4 million and $0.2 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, an increase of $0.2 million, or 48.1%. Interest expense in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to outstanding debt and unused line fees. Total debt outstanding at September 30, 2016 was $110.0 million,
which was drawn on our revolving credit facility in connection with our acquisition of Olapic Inc. on August 9, 2016. There was no debt outstanding during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense in the three months
ended September 30, 2015 consisted mainly of unused line fees in connection with our original credit facility.     Loss on
Extinguishment of Debt     Loss on extinguishment of debt was $0.1 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015, which was
incurred in connection with the refinancing of our Credit Facility in September 2015. There was no similar item in the same period in 2016.  
  Loss on Foreign Exchange   
 Losses on foreign exchange were $0.4 million and $44 thousand in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an
increase of $0.4 million, primarily due to the strengthening of the Japanese Yen as compared to the US dollar.     Gain on Derivatives
    Gain on derivatives was $0.1 million and $0.1 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
primarily due to our 30-day forward currency contracts.     Provision for Income Taxes   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our effective tax rate was 52.7% and 27.0%, respectively. The increase in our
effective rate is primarily due to a charge of 17.6% for non-deductible acquisition related expenses primarily from Olapic and Swyft that is contingent on continued employment. This is treated as compensation expense for GAAP purposes and is not
deductible for tax purposes. This was partially offset by a benefit of 2.8% for research credits. There were no similar items in the same period in 2015. The legislation for the research credit for 2015 had not yet been passed as of
September 30, 2015. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 included a benefit of 4.9% for foreign rate differential, an increased benefit of 4.2% resulting from increased pretax net income in our UK
subsidiaries, which is taxed at a lower rate than the applicable U.S. statutory rate. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015 included a benefit of 6.3% for the reversal of reserves in connection with a settlement
of a U.S. federal tax audit of the Company s 2012 tax return and the expiration of the statute of limitations on reserves related to the Company s 2011 tax returns. There was no similar item in the same period in 2016. The effective tax
rate included a charge of 3.0% for the third quarter of 2016 for state and local income taxes, net of federal benefit, as compared to a charge of 1.2% in 2015.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

    Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2015      The following table sets forth items in the condensed consolidated year-to-date statements of
income as a percentage of sales for the periods indicated:      
    Revenue by Market.  The following table presents revenue for these two principal markets (in thousands):
     
    Revenue   
 Revenue was $150.8 million and $141.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $9.0
million, or 6.3%.    Creative Professional revenue increased $11.5 million, or 18.1%, to $75.2 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to $63.7 million in the same period in 2015, mainly due to increased direct revenue and revenue from Olapic. Direct revenue increased due to licenses of digital ads and increased recurring licenses of web font
services and fonts for web server applications to enterprise customers, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015. Olapic subscription sales also contributed to the increase in Creative Professional
revenue, period over period.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  OEM revenue was $75.6 million and $78.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $2.5 million, or 3.2%. Decreased revenue from per unit royalty arrangements with our printer imaging electronic OEM customers, primarily due to lower volume of shipments, and decreased revenue from our
independent software vendor customers, mainly due to the timing of revenue, was partially offset by increased revenue from our automotive display imaging OEM customers, period over period.  
  Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit   
 Cost of revenue, excluding amortization of acquired technology, was $24.4 million and $22.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $2.1 million, or 9.5%. The increase in cost of revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is a result of a higher proportion of Creative Professional revenue in our mix of
total revenue which typically has a higher associated cost than OEM, partially offset by improved margins on our Creative Professional revenue with enterprise customers, as compared to the third quarter of 2015. Further, our Creative Professional
revenue has grown organically and from the acquisition of Olapic, while our OEM revenue has declined as described above. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Creative Professional revenue was 49.8% of total revenue, as compared to 44.9%
of total revenue in the same period in 2015.    Amortization of acquired technology was $3.6 million and $3.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $0.3 million, or 8.3%, primarily due to our acquisition of Olapic.  
 Gross profit was 81.4% and 81.9% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of 0.5 percentage points,
due to variations in product mix as detailed above.     Operating Expenses   
  Marketing and Selling.  Marketing and selling expense was $45.3 million and $43.0 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $2.3 million, or 5.3%. Personnel expenses increased $4.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015 due to additional headcount from our acquisition of
Olapic and other targeted hiring, and additional compensation expense in connection with an amendment to the Swyft Media Merger Agreement executed in November 2015. The increase was partially offset by a reduction in headcount due to a redeployment
of certain employees at the beginning of 2016 to development related activities from our sales and marketing organization. The increase was also partially offset by decreased marketing related expenses of $1.8 million due to the timing of
targeted spending, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015. Lower bank fees on web sales and a decrease in bad debt together contributed a decrease of $0.6 million, period over period.  
  Research and Development.  Research and development expense increased $4.9 million, or 29.9%, to $21.1 million in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to $16.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Personnel and personnel related expenses increased $4.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period
in 2015, mainly due to additional headcount from our acquisition of Olapic. Higher infrastructure expenses, primarily software licenses and facilities related expenses, contributed $0.5 million to the increase in research and development in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, a result of increased headcount. External consulting and related software development increased $0.4 million period over period. These increases were partially offset by a
grant received related to the Company s development work within Northern Ireland which contributed a decrease of $0.5 million.  
  General and Administrative.  General and administrative expense increased $6.7 million, or 30.6%, to $28.8 million in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $22.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Personnel and personnel related expenses increased $5.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same
period in 2015, mainly due to additional headcount from our acquisition of Olapic and other targeted hiring. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, approximately $0.6 million of personnel expenses were capitalized in connection with our
new ERP system. As the system was placed into service in the third quarter of 2015, there was no capitalization benefit in the same period in 2016, and associated depreciation expense contributed an additional $0.9 million to the overall increase in
general and administrative expense. Professional service expense increased $0.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to ongoing ERP system support.  
  Amortization of Other Intangible Assets.  Amortization of other intangible assets was $2.4 million and $2.4 million for the nine
months ended September, 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

   Interest Expense, Net   
 Interest expense, net of interest income, was $0.5 million and $0.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, a decrease of $0.3 million, or 29.2%. The decrease in interest expense in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was partially due to a reduction in the unused line fee rate, in connection with the refinancing of our revolving
credit facility in September 2015, and was partially offset by interest expense on the borrowings under our revolving line of credit. Total debt outstanding at September 30, 2016 was $110.0 million, which was drawn on our revolving credit
facility in connection with our acquisition of Olapic Inc. on August 9, 2016. Prior to August 9, 2016, there was no debt outstanding. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, interest expense consisted mainly of unused line fees
in connection with our original credit facility, as there was no debt outstanding.     Loss on Extinguishment of Debt   
 Loss on extinguishment of debt was $0.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which was incurred in connection with the
refinancing of our Credit Facility in September 2015. There was no similar item in the same period in 2016.     Loss on Foreign Exchange
    Loss on foreign exchange was $0.8 million and $0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
an increase of $0.1 million, or 21.0%, mainly due to the revaluation of foreign denominated liabilities.     Gain on Derivatives   
 Gain on derivatives was $0.3 million and $48 thousand and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, resulting
from our 30-day forward currency contracts.     Provision for Income Taxes   
 Our effective tax rate was 40.1% and 31.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in our
effective rate is primarily due to a charge of 5.5% for non-deductible acquisition related expenses, partially offset by a benefit of 1.2% for research credits. The non-deductible acquisition related expense consists of purchase consideration
primarily from Olapic and Swyft that is contingent on continued employment. This is compensation expense for GAAP purposes and is not deductible for tax purposes. There were no similar items in the same period in 2015 as the legislation for the
research credit for 2015 had not yet been passed as of September 30, 2015. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included a benefit of 2.1% for foreign income and dividends, as compared to a benefit of 0.8% in
2015, primarily resulting from the proportion of income increased in our UK subsidiary, which is taxed at a lower rate than the applicable U.S. statutory rate. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a
benefit of 3.3% for the reversal of reserves related to the settlements of tax audits in the U.S. and Japan, as well as the expiration of the statute of limitations on reserves related to the Company s 2011 tax returns. There was no similar
item in the same period in 2016.      Liquidity and Capital Resources    
  Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
 Since our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through cash from operations, private and public stock sales and long-term debt
arrangements, as described below. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, our cash flow from operating activities and available bank borrowings will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. At
September 30, 2016, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling $97.6 million and a $150.0 million revolving Credit Facility, of which we have borrowed $110.0 million for the acquisition of Olapic Inc. on
August 9, 2016. On August 30, 2016, our Board of Director s approved a $25.0 million share purchase program, with purchases permitted through December 31, 2017. At September 30, 2016, there have been no purchases under
the plan. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we used $18.2 million in cash to repurchase shares in connection with our share repurchase program approved in October 2013 and completed in June 2015, after reaching the maximum cumulative
spend. We also used $0.4 million in cash to repurchase shares in excess of our previously approved share repurchase program. Our future working capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the operations of our existing business, our
potential strategic expansion and future acquisitions we might undertake.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and
financing activities for the periods presented (in thousands):      
    Operating Activities   
 Significant variations in operating cash flows may occur because, from time-to-time, our customers make prepayments against future royalties.
Prepayments may be required under the terms of our license agreements and are occasionally made on an elective basis and often cause large fluctuations in accounts receivable and deferred revenue. The timing and extent of such prepayments
significantly impacts our cash balances.    We generated $31.9 million in cash from operations during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. Net income, after adjusting for depreciation and amortization, amortization of deferred financing costs and accretion of interest, share based compensation, excess tax benefit on stock options, provision for doubtful
accounts, deferred income taxes and unrealized currency gain on foreign denominated intercompany transactions generated $38.9 million in cash. In connection with the acquisition of Olapic Inc. on August 9, 2016, we used $9.0 million to
fund an escrow account to be used for future payments due in 2018 and 2019 under the agreement. Accrued income taxes generated $0.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Deferred revenue, net of increased accounts receivable
generated $1.5 million net in cash, which is mainly due to the timing of a large contract signing. Increases in accrued expenses and other liabilities, and prepaid expenses and other assets, combined with a decrease in accounts payable used $0.4
million net in cash, which is mainly due to the timing of payments.    We generated $40.3 million in cash from operations during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Net income, after adjusting for depreciation and amortization, loss on retirement of fixed assets, loss on debt extinguishment, amortization of deferred financing costs and accretion of interest, share based
compensation, excess tax benefit on stock options, provision for doubtful accounts, deferred income taxes and unrealized currency gain on foreign denominated intercompany transactions generated $40.8 million in cash. Increases in accrued
expenses and other liabilities, and accounts payable, combined with a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets generated $3.0 million, which is mainly due to the timing of payments including a higher dividend accrual. Accrued income taxes
generated $1.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Increased accounts receivable, and decreased deferred revenue used $4.7 million net in cash, which is mainly due to the timing of a large contract signing.  
  Investing Activities     During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we used $122.0 million in investing activities for the purchase of $1.6 million of property and equipment and $120.4 million for acquisitions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we used
$22.1 million in investing activities mainly for the purchase of $7.8 million of property and equipment and $14.3 million for acquisitions.  
  Financing Activities   
 Cash generated from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $99.8 million. Cash borrowed from our revolving
Credit Facility for the acquisition of Olapic Inc. generated $110.0 million. We received cash from the exercises of stock options of $2.4 million and the excess tax benefit on stock options provided $0.4 million. We paid cash dividends of $13.0
million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    Cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 was $21.7 million. We received cash from the exercises of stock options of $6.6 million and the excess tax benefit on stock options provided $1.7 million. We paid cash dividends of $11.1 million, contingent consideration payments of $0.3
million, and purchased $18.6 million in treasury stock in the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

    Dividends    
 On July 26, 2016 our Board of Directors approved a $0.11 per share or $4.6 million, quarterly cash dividend on our outstanding common
stock. The record date was October 3, 2016 and the dividend was paid to shareholders of record on October 21, 2016. We anticipate this to be a recurring quarterly dividend with future payments and record dates, subject to board approval.
On October 26, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved a $0.11 per share quarterly cash dividend on our outstanding common stock. The record date is set for January 2, 2017 and the dividend is payable to shareholders of record
on January 20, 2017.      Credit Facility    
 On September 15, 2015, the Company entered into a new credit agreement (the  New Credit Agreement ) by and among the Company,
the Company s subsidiary, Monotype Imaging Inc., any financial institution that becomes a Lender (as defined therein) and Silicon Valley Bank, as agent which provides for a five-year $150.0 million secured revolving credit facility (the
 Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility permits the Company to request that the Lenders, at their election, increase the secured credit facility to a maximum of $200.0 million. The Credit Facility is available to the Company on a revolving
basis through September 15, 2020. Repayment of any amounts borrowed are not required until maturity of the Credit Facility. However, the Company may repay any amounts borrowed at any time, without premium or penalty. The Credit Facility
provides more attractive interest rates and a lower commitment fee than those under the Original Credit Agreement, as defined below. The New Credit Agreement replaced the Company s existing $120.0 million revolving credit facility
(the  Original Credit Agreement ) by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC. The Original Credit Agreement was terminated effective September 15, 2015 and was scheduled to expire on July 13, 2016. At
September 30, 2016, the Company had $110.0 million outstanding under the Credit Facility.    Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear
interest through September 15, 2020 at a variable rate not less than zero based upon, at the Company s option, either LIBOR or the higher of (i) the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal and (ii) 0.5% plus the
overnight federal funds rate, plus in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin for LIBOR loans, based on the applicable leverage ratio, is 1.25%, 1.50% or 1.75% per annum, and the applicable margin for base rate loans, based on
the applicable leverage ratio, is either 0.25%, 0.50% or 0.75%% per annum. At September 30, 2016 our rate, inclusive of applicable margins, was 1.8% for LIBOR. The Company is required to pay a commitment fee, based on the applicable
leverage ratio, equal to 0.20%, 0.25% or 0.30% per annum on the undrawn portion available under the revolving credit facility and variable per annum fees in respect of outstanding letters of credit. In connection with the New Credit Agreement,
the Company incurred closing and legal fees of $1.0 million, which have been accounted for as deferred financing costs and will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the New Credit Agreement. In addition, $0.1 million of unamortized
deferred financing costs associated with the pro-rata share of prior loan syndicate lenders that did not participate in the new facility were written off and charged to other expense in the third quarter of 2015.  
 In addition to other covenants, the New Credit Agreement places limits on the Company and its subsidiaries  ability to incur debt or
liens and engage in sale-leaseback transactions, make loans and investments, incur additional indebtedness, engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales, transact with affiliates and alter its business. The New Credit Agreement also contains
events of default, and affirmative covenants, including financial maintenance covenants which include (i) a maximum ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated adjusted EBITDA of 3.00 to 1.00, and (ii) a minimum consolidated fixed
charge coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.00. Adjusted EBITDA, under the Credit Facility, is defined as consolidated net income (or loss), plus net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and share based compensation expense, plus
acquisition expenses not to exceed $2.0 million on a trailing twelve month basis, plus restructuring, issuance costs, cash non-operating costs and other expenses or losses minus cash non-operating gains and other non-cash gains. As of
September 30, 2016, the maximum leverage ratio permitted was 3.00:1.00 and our leverage ratio was 1.69:1.00 and the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio was 1.25:1.00 and our fixed charge ratio was 4.19:1.00. Failure to comply with these
covenants, or the occurrence of an event of default, could permit the Lenders under the New Credit Agreement to declare all amounts borrowed under the New Credit Agreement, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable.
In addition, the Credit Facility is secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s and its domestic subsidiaries  tangible and intangible property by a pledge of all of the equity interests of the Company s direct and
indirect domestic subsidiaries and by a pledge by the Company s domestic subsidiaries of 65% of the equity of their direct foreign subsidiaries, subject to limited exceptions.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents a reconciliation from net income, which is the most directly
comparable GAAP operating performance measure, to EBITDA and from EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA as defined in our Credit Facility (in thousands):      

(1) 
 Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of operating performance under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative or substitute for GAAP profitability measures such as income (loss) from operations and net income
(loss). Adjusted EBITDA as an operating performance measure has material limitations since it excludes the statement of income impact of depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense, net, the provision (benefit) for income taxes and share
based compensation and therefore does not represent an accurate measure of profitability, particularly in situations where a company is highly leveraged or has a disadvantageous tax structure. We have significant intangible assets and amortization
expense is a meaningful element in our financial statements and therefore its exclusion from Adjusted EBITDA is a material limitation. At September 30, 2016 we have a significant amount of debt and we have had a significant amount of debt in
the past, and interest expense is a necessary element of our costs and therefore its exclusion from Adjusted EBITDA is a material limitation. We generally incur significant U.S. federal, state and foreign income taxes each year and the provision for
income taxes is a necessary element of our costs and therefore its exclusion from Adjusted EBITDA is a material limitation. Share based compensation and the associated expense has a meaningful impact on our financial statements. Non-cash expenses,
restructuring, issuance and cash non-operating expenses have a meaningful impact on our financial statements. Therefore, their exclusion from Adjusted EBITDA is a material limitation. As a result, Adjusted EBITDA should be evaluated in conjunction
with net income for complete analysis of our profitability, as net income includes the financial statement impact of these items and is the most directly comparable GAAP operating performance measure to Adjusted EBITDA. As Adjusted EBITDA is not
defined by GAAP, our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies, thereby limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of the limitations that
Adjusted EBITDA has as an analytical tool, investors should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results as reported under GAAP.    
 The Credit Facility also contains provisions for an increased interest rate during periods of default. We do not believe that these
covenants will affect our ability to operate our business, and we were in compliance with the covenants under our Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016.  
  Non-GAAP Measures     In addition to
Adjusted EBITDA as discussed above, we rely internally on certain measures that are not calculated according to GAAP. This non-GAAP measure is net adjusted EBITDA, which is defined as income (loss) from operations before depreciation, amortization
of acquired intangible assets and share based compensation expenses. We use net adjusted EBITDA as a principal indicator of the operating performance of our business. We use net adjusted EBITDA in internal forecasts and models when establishing
internal operating budgets, supplementing the financial results and forecasts reported to our board of directors, determining bonus compensation for our employees based on operating performance and evaluating short-term and long-term operating
trends in our operations. We believe that net adjusted EBITDA permits a comparative assessment of our operating performance, relative to our performance based on our GAAP results, while isolating the effects of charges that may vary from
period-to-period without direct correlation to underlying operating performance. We believe that these non-GAAP financial adjustments are useful to investors because they allow investors to evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and
information used by management in our financial and operational decision-making. We believe that trends in our net adjusted EBITDA may be valuable indicators of our operating performance.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  In November 2015, we revised our definition of non-GAAP net adjusted EBITDA to exclude the impact
of acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustments. The impact of these adjustments has been added back in calculating non-GAAP net adjusted EBITDA. This change more accurately reflects management s view of the Company s business
and financial performance.    The following table presents a reconciliation from net income, which is the most directly comparable GAAP
operating financial measure, to net adjusted EBITDA as used by management (in thousands):      

(1) 
 Non-GAAP net adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 have been restated to add back the impact of acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustments in accordance with our
revised definition of non-GAAP net adjusted EBITDA, as noted above.    

(2) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the amount includes $0.6 million and $1.7 million, respectively, of expense associated with the deferred compensation arrangement resulting from an amendment
to the Swyft Merger Agreement and $0.5 million and $0.5 million, respectively, of expense associated with the deferred compensation arrangement with the founders of Olapic in connection with the acquisition.    

(3) 
 Net adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of operating performance under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative or substitute for GAAP profitability measures such as income (loss) from operations and net income
(loss). Net adjusted EBITDA as an operating performance measure has material limitations since it excludes the statement of income impact of depreciation and amortization expense and share based compensation and therefore does not represent an
accurate measure of profitability. We have significant intangible assets and amortization expense is a meaningful element in our financial statements and therefore its exclusion from net adjusted EBITDA is a material limitation. Share based
compensation and the associated expense has a meaningful impact on our financial statements and therefore its exclusion from net adjusted EBITDA is a material limitation. As a result, net adjusted EBITDA should be evaluated in conjunction with net
income (loss) for complete analysis of our profitability, as net income (loss) includes the financial statement impact of these items and is the most directly comparable GAAP performance measure to net adjusted EBITDA. As net adjusted EBITDA is not
defined by GAAP, our definition of net adjusted EBITDA may differ from and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies, thereby limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of the limitations
that net adjusted EBITDA has as an analytical tool, investors should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results as reported under GAAP.    
 In our quarterly earnings press releases and conference calls, in addition to Adjusted EBITDA and net adjusted EBITDA as discussed above, we
discuss a key measure that is not calculated according to GAAP. This non-GAAP measure is non-GAAP earnings per diluted share, which is defined as earnings per diluted share before amortization of acquired intangible assets and share based
compensation expenses. We use non-GAAP earnings per diluted share as one of our principal indicators of the operating performance of our business. We use non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in internal forecasts, supplementing the financial results
and forecasts reported to our board of directors and evaluating short-term and long-term operating trends in our operations. We believe that non-GAAP earnings per diluted share permits a comparative assessment of our operating performance, relative
to our performance based on our GAAP results, while isolating the effects of charges that may vary from period-to-period without direct correlation to underlying operating performance. We believe that these non-GAAP financial adjustments are useful
to investors because they allow investors to evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by management in our financial and operational decision-making. We believe that trends in our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share may be
valuable indicators of our operating performance.    In November 2015, we revised our definition of non-GAAP earnings per diluted share to
exclude the impact of acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustments. The impact of these adjustments has been added back in calculating non-GAAP earnings per diluted share. This change more accurately reflects management s view of
the Company s business and financial performance.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents a reconciliation from earnings per diluted share, which is the most
directly comparable GAAP measure, to non-GAAP earnings per diluted share as used by management:      

(1) 
 Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, have been restated to add back the impact of acquisition-related contingent consideration adjustments, net of tax, in
accordance with our revised definition of non-GAAP earnings per diluted share, as noted above.    

(2) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the amount includes $0.6 million and $1.7 million, respectively, of expense associated with the deferred compensation arrangement resulting from an amendment
to the Swyft Merger Agreement and $0.5 million and $0.5 million, respectively, of expense associated with the deferred compensation arrangement with the founders of Olapic in connection with the acquisition.    

(3) 
 Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share is not a measure of operating performance under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative or substitute for GAAP profitability measures such as earnings per share and
earnings per diluted share. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share as an operating performance measure has material limitations since it excludes the statement of income impact of amortization expense and share based compensation, and therefore, does
not represent an accurate measure of profitability. We have significant intangible assets and amortization expense is a meaningful element in our financial statements and therefore its exclusion from non-GAAP earnings per diluted share is a material
limitation. Share based compensation and the associated expense has a meaningful impact on our financial statements and therefore its exclusion from non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is a material limitation. Contingent consideration and its
associated income or (expense) has a meaningful impact on our financial statements therefore its exclusion from non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is a material limitation. As a result, non-GAAP earnings per diluted share should be evaluated in
conjunction with earnings per diluted share for complete analysis of our profitability, as earnings per diluted share includes the financial statement impact of these items and is the most directly comparable GAAP operating performance measure to
non-GAAP earnings per diluted share. As non-GAAP earnings per diluted share is not defined by GAAP, our definition of non-GAAP earnings per diluted share may differ from and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other
companies, thereby limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of the limitations that non-GAAP earnings per share has as an analytical tool, investors should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our
operating results as reported under GAAP.        Other Liquidity Matters    
  Contractual Obligations   
 The table below summarizes our operating lease contractual obligations at September 30, 2016 and the effects of such obligations on
liquidity and cash flow in future years (in thousands). There is no change in our other contractual obligations from those disclosed in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
   
     Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    
 Information concerning recently issued accounting pronouncements may be found in Note 3 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk     We are exposed to financial market risk, including interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Concentration of Revenue and Credit Risk    
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and trade
receivables. Cash equivalents consist primarily of bank deposits and certain investments, such as commercial paper, corporate securities and municipal securities, with maturities less than 90 days or containing seven day guaranteed put features
to the issuer. Deposits of cash held outside the United States totaled approximately $23.6 million and $15.3 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 We grant credit to customers in the ordinary course of business. Credit evaluations are performed on an ongoing basis to reduce credit risk,
and no collateral is required from our customers. An allowance for uncollectible accounts is provided for those accounts receivable considered to be uncollectible based upon historical experience and credit evaluation. One customer individually
accounted for 14.8% of our gross accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016. At December 31, 2015, none of our customers individually accounted for 10% or more of our gross accounts receivable. Due to the nature of our quarterly revenue
streams derived from royalty revenue, it is not unusual for our accounts receivable balances to include a few customers with large balances. Historically, we have not recorded material losses due to customers  nonpayment. Our Creative
Professional business consists of a higher volume of lower dollar value transactions. Accordingly, as the percent of Creative Professional revenue increases in relation to total revenue, we expect the average time to collect our accounts
receivables, and our overall accounts receivables balances, to increase.    For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, no one customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue.      Derivative Financial Instruments and Interest Rate Risk
     In the past we have used interest rate derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to interest rate volatility resulting from our
variable rate debt. ASC Topic No.815,  Derivatives and Hedging , or ASC 815, requires that all derivative instruments be reported on the balance sheet at fair value and establishes criteria for designation and effectiveness of hedging
relationships, including a requirement that all designations must be made at the inception of each instrument. As we did not make such initial designations, ASC 815 requires changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument to be recognized as
current period income or expense.    The fair value of derivative instruments is estimated based on the amount that we would receive or pay
to terminate the agreements at the reporting date. Our exposure to market risk associated with changes in interest rates relates primarily to our long term debt. The interest rate on our Credit Facility fluctuates with either the prime rate or the
LIBOR interest rate. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $110.0 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2015, the Company had no borrowings under our revolving Credit Facility. Historically, we have
purchased interest rate swap instruments to hedge our exposure to interest rate fluctuations on our debt obligations.      Foreign
Currency Exchange Rate Risk      In accordance with ASC Topic No. 830,  Foreign Currency Matters , or ASC 830, all assets and
liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars are translated into U.S. dollars at an exchange rate as of the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses of these subsidiaries are translated at
the average monthly exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustments as calculated from the translation of our foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars are recorded as a separate component of stockholders  equity. For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, sales by our subsidiaries located outside North America, particularly the U.K, Germany and Japan, comprised 38.3% and 45.0%, respectively, of our total revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, sales by our subsidiaries located outside North America comprised 43.0% and 44.6%, respectively, of our total revenue. An effect of a 10% strengthening of the British pound sterling, the Euro and Japanese yen, relative to the U.S. dollar,
would have decreased our revenues by $2.5 million, decreased expenses by $1.9 million and decreased operating income by $0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a 10%
strengthening of the British pound sterling, the Euro and Japanese yen, relative to the U.S. dollar, would have decreased our revenues by $7.8 million, decreased expenses by $6.1 million and decreased operating income by $1.7 million. The
sensitivity analysis assumes that all currencies move in the same direction at the same time and the ratio of non-U.S. dollar denominated revenue and expenses to U.S. dollar denominated revenue and expenses does not change from current levels.
   We incur foreign currency exchange gains and losses related to certain customers that are invoiced in U.S. dollars, but who have the
option to make an equivalent payment in their own functional currencies at a specified exchange rate as of a specified date. In the period from that date until payment in the customer s functional currency is received and converted into U.S.
dollars, we can incur realized gains and losses. We also incur foreign currency exchange gains and losses on certain intercompany assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. We are currently utilizing 30-day forward contracts to
mitigate our exposure on these currency fluctuations. Any increase or decrease in the fair value of the forward contracts is offset by the change in the value of the hedged assets of our consolidated foreign affiliate. At September 30, 2016
there was one currency contract outstanding, to purchase and sell two different currencies, which was entered into on those dates, and accordingly, the fair value was materially equivalent to its book value. There were no outstanding forward
contracts at December 31, 2015.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange
Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide a reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives.  
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that, as of such date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that
occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
    Part II OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 From time to time, we may be a party to various claims, suits and complaints. We do not believe that there are claims or legal proceedings
that, if determined adversely to us, would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.      
 Item 1A. Risk Factors     Except as noted below, there are no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part
I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      We conduct a substantial portion of our business
outside North America and, as a result, we face diverse risks related to engaging in international business.      We have offices in
six foreign countries and we are dedicating a significant portion of our sales efforts in countries outside North America. We are dependent on international sales for a substantial amount of our total revenue. In 2015, 2014 and 2013, approximately
45.5%, 47.6% and 45.3%, respectively, of our total revenue was derived from operations outside the U.S. and we expect that international sales will continue to represent a substantial portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. This future
international revenue will depend on the continued use and expansion of our type and technologies, including the licensing of our solutions worldwide.  
 We are subject to the risks of conducting business internationally, including:  

our ability to enforce our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent that the United States does,
which increases the risk of unauthorized and uncompensated use of our type or technologies;    
      33  

Table of Contents  

United States and foreign government trade restrictions, including those that may impose restrictions on importation of programming, technology or components to or from the United States;    

foreign government taxes, regulations and permit requirements, including foreign taxes that we may not be able to offset against taxes imposed upon us in the United States, and foreign tax and other laws limiting our
ability to repatriate funds to the United States;        

risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, in particular fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Japanese yen, the European Union s euro, and the United Kingdom s pound sterling,
including risks related to hedging activities we may undertake;        

foreign labor laws, regulations and restrictions;        

changes in diplomatic and trade relationships;        

difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations;        

political instability, including the United Kingdom s decision to leave the European Union, as well as related events, natural disasters, war and/or events of terrorism; and    

the strength of international economies.      If we are unsuccessful in managing these risks, our
business and results of operations could be adversely affected.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds       

(a) 
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities       None.  

(b) 
  Use of proceeds       Not applicable.  

(c) 
  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers       The following
table provides information about purchases by the Company during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of equity securities that are registered by the Company pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act:  
  Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. Purchases of Equity Securities       

(1) 
 The Company purchased 11,658 and 5,207 shares of unvested restricted stock in accordance with the Second Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Option and Incentive Plan ( 2007 Plan ) and the 2010 Inducement Stock
Plan, respectively. The price paid by the Company was determined pursuant to the terms of either the 2007 Plan or 2010 Inducement Stock Plan and related restricted stock agreements.    
    Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
 Not applicable.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure   
 None.       Item 5.
Other Information     None.      
 Item 6. Exhibits     The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the exhibits are filed as part of
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and such Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   

Date: October 31, 2016 

By: 
   
 / S / S COTT  E. L ANDERS   

Scott E. Landers   

President, Chief Executive Officer, Director, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   
 
      36  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   
 Listed and indexed below are all exhibits filed as part of this report.  

Exhibit  
  No.   
    
    Description    

2.1 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 20, 2016 by and among Monotype Imaging Inc., Project Wave Acquisition Sub Inc., Olapic, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC as the Stockholders  Representative
(1)  

10.1 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Second Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Option and Incentive Plan *  

10.2 
    
 First Amendment to Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. 2010 Inducement Stock Plan (2)  

10.3 
    
 Form of Non-Qualified Option Agreement under the 2010 Inducement Plan *  

10.4 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2010 Inducement Plan *  

10.5 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2010 Inducement Plan (2)  

10.6 
    
 Lease, dated October 8, 2015, between WFP Tower D Co. L.P. and Olapic, Inc.*  

10.7 
    
   Lease, dated October 14, 2016, between Pawan Impex Private Limited and Monotype Solutions India Private Limited*   

31.1 
    
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer*  

32.1 
    
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer **  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on July 29, 2016.    

* 
 Filed herewith.    

** 
 Furnished herewith.    
      37  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d267781dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1       

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
  UNDER THE MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   
  SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 2007 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN   

Name of Grantee: 
    
 Name  
 
 Address of Grantee: 
    
 Address  
 
 No. of Shares: 
    
 # of shares  
 
 Grant Date: 
    
 Grant Date  
   Pursuant to the Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Option and Incentive
Plan (the  Plan ) as amended through the date hereof, Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) hereby grants a Restricted Stock Award (an  Award ) to the Grantee named above. Upon acceptance of this Award, the
Grantee shall receive the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Stock ) of the Company specified above, subject to the restrictions and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. The Company acknowledges the
receipt from the Grantee of consideration equal to the par value of the Shares in the form of cash, past or future services rendered to the Company by the Grantee or such other form of consideration as is acceptable to the Company.  
 1.  Making of Award . This award is deemed to be made on the date the key terms of the grant are communicated to the Grantee either (i)
by email, (ii) in writing, or (iii) through posting in the Grantee s online E*TRADE brokerage account with respect to Company equity awards. At such time, the shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued and held by the Company s transfer
agent in book entry form, and the Grantee s name shall be entered as the stockholder of record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Grantee shall have all the rights of a shareholder with respect to such shares, including voting and
dividend rights, subject, however, to the restrictions and conditions specified in Paragraph 2 below.    2.  Restrictions and
Conditions .    (a) Any book entries for the shares of Restricted Stock granted herein shall bear an appropriate legend, as determined by
the Committee in its sole discretion, to the effect that such shares are subject to restrictions as set forth herein and in the Plan.    (b)
Shares of Restricted Stock granted herein may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee prior to vesting.  
 (c) If the Grantee s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries is voluntarily or involuntarily terminated for any reason
(including death) prior to vesting of shares of Restricted Stock granted herein, all shares of Restricted Stock shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and returned to the Company.  
      Form approved: 07/21/15   
      1  

3.  Vesting of Restricted Stock . The restrictions and conditions in Paragraph 2 of
this Agreement shall lapse on the date(s) specified in the following schedule so long as the Grantee remains an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary on such date(s). If a series of vesting dates is specified, then the restrictions and conditions
in Paragraph 2 shall lapse only with respect to the number of shares of Restricted Stock specified as vested on such date.      

Shares Vested  

Vesting Date 

(     
 %)  

(     
 %)  

(     
 %)  

(     
 %)  

(     
 %)  

Subsequent to such date(s), the shares of Stock on which all restrictions and conditions have lapsed shall no
longer be deemed Restricted Stock. The Committee may at any time accelerate the vesting schedule specified in this Paragraph 3.    4.
 Dividends . Dividends on Shares of Restricted Stock shall be paid currently to the Grantee.    5.  Incorporation of Plan .
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Committee set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this
Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein.    6.  Transferability . This
Agreement is personal to the Grantee, is non-assignable and is not transferable in any manner, by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  
 7.  Tax Withholding . The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which the receipt of this Award becomes a taxable event for
federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee for payment of any federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event. The Grantee may elect to have the
required minimum tax withholding obligation satisfied, in whole or in part, by authorizing the Company to withhold from shares of Stock to be issued.  
 8.  Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the
Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the  Relevant Companies ) may process any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number,
home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement (the  Relevant Information ). By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee (i)
authorizes the Company to collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Grantee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the Relevant
Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Grantee shall have access to, and the
right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable law.      
  Form approved: 07/21/15   
      2  

9.  Election under Section 83(b) . The Grantee and the Company hereby agree that the
Grantee may, within 30 days following the acceptance of this Award as provided in Paragraph 1 hereof, file with the Internal Revenue Service and the Company an election under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. In the event the Grantee
makes such an election, he or she agrees to timely provide a copy of the election to the Company.    10.  No Obligation to Continue
Employment . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this Agreement to continue the Grantee in employment and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of the
Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment of the Grantee at any time.    11.  Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed
or delivered to the Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party
in writing.       

MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.  

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Form approved: 07/21/15   
      3  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 d267781dex103.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10.3 

Exhibit 10.3       

NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   
  UNDER THE MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   
  2010 INDUCEMENT STOCK PLAN       

Name of Optionee:  
    
   Name  

Address of Optionee:  
    
   Address  

No. of Option Shares:  
    
   # of shares  

Option Exercise Price per Share:  
    
   share price  

Grant Date:  
    
   Grant Date  

Expiration Date:  
    
   Grant Date + 10 years  

Pursuant to the Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. 2010 Inducement Stock Plan, as amended through the date hereof
(the  Plan ), Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) hereby grants to the Optionee named above an option (the  Stock Option ) to purchase on or prior to the Expiration Date specified above all or part of the
number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Stock ) of the Company specified above at the Option Exercise Price per Share specified above subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. This
Stock Option is not intended to be an  incentive stock option  under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. This Award is intended to be an award of Stock described in Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Marketplace Rules of
the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. and is being made to the Optionee as an inducement material to the Optionee s entering into employment with the Company.  
 1.  Making of Award . This award is deemed to be made on the date the key terms of the grant are communicated to the Optionee either
(i) by email, (ii) in writing, or (iii) through posting in the Optionee s online E*TRADE brokerage account with respect to Company equity awards.  
 2.  Exercisability Schedule . No portion of this Stock Option may be exercised until such portion shall have become exercisable. Except
as set forth below, and subject to the discretion of the Committee (as defined in Section 1 of the Plan) to accelerate the exercisability schedule hereunder, this Stock Option shall be exercisable with respect to the following number of Option
Shares on the dates indicated:      

Incremental Number of Option Shares Exercisable   

Exercisability Date   

(          %) 

(          %) 

(          %) 

(          %) 

(          %) 

Once exercisable, this Stock Option shall continue to be exercisable at any time or times prior
to the close of business on the Expiration Date, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Plan.    3.  Manner of Exercise .  
 (a) The Optionee may exercise this Stock Option only in the following manner: from time to time on or prior to the Expiration Date of this
Stock Option, the Optionee may give written notice to the Company of his or her election to purchase some or all of the Option Shares purchasable at the time of such notice. This notice shall specify the number of Option Shares to be purchased.  
 Payment of the purchase price for the Option Shares may be made by one or more of the following methods: (i) in cash, by certified or
bank check or other instrument acceptable to the Committee; (ii) through the delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of shares of Stock that have been purchased by the Optionee on the open market or that are beneficially owned by the
Optionee and are not then subject to any restrictions under any Company plan and that otherwise satisfy any holding periods as may be required by the Committee; (iii) by the Optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice
together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company to pay the option purchase price, provided that in the event the Optionee chooses to pay the option purchase
price as so provided, the Optionee and the broker shall comply with such procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Committee shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedure; (iv) by a net
exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price, or (v) a
combination of (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above. Payment instruments will be received subject to collection.    The transfer to the
Optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent of the Option Shares will be contingent upon the Company s receipt from the Optionee of full payment for the Option Shares, as set forth above and any agreement, statement or other
evidence that the Company may require to satisfy itself that the issuance of Stock to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of Stock Options under the Plan and any subsequent resale of the shares of Stock will be in compliance with applicable laws
and regulations. In the event the Optionee chooses to pay the purchase price by previously-owned shares of Stock through the attestation method, the number of shares of Stock transferred to the Optionee upon the exercise of the Stock Option shall be
net of the Shares attested to.    (b) The shares of Stock purchased upon exercise of this Stock Option shall be transferred to the Optionee
on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent upon compliance to the satisfaction of the Committee with all requirements under applicable laws or regulations in connection with such issuance and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan.
The determination of the Committee as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Optionee. The Optionee shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Stock subject to this
Stock Option unless and until this Stock Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company or the transfer agent shall have transferred the shares to the Optionee, and the Optionee s name shall have been entered as the
stockholder of record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Optionee shall have full voting, dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such shares of Stock.  

(c) The minimum number of shares with respect to which this Stock Option may be exercised at any
one time shall be 100 shares, unless the number of shares with respect to which this Stock Option is being exercised is the total number of shares subject to exercise under this Stock Option at the time.  
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Stock Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date
hereof.    4.  Termination of Employment . If the Optionee s employment by the Company or a Subsidiary (as defined in the Plan) is
terminated, the period within which to exercise the Stock Option may be subject to earlier termination as set forth below.    (a)
 Termination Due to Death . If the Optionee s employment terminates by reason of the Optionee s death, any portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such date may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of termination,
by the Optionee s legal representative or legatee for a period of 12 months from the date of death or until the Expiration Date, if earlier.  
 (b)  Termination Due to Disability . If the Optionee s employment terminates by reason of the Optionee s disability (as
determined by the Committee), any portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such date may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of termination, by the Optionee for a period of 12 months from the date of termination or until the
Expiration Date, if earlier. The death of the Optionee during the 12-month period provided in this Section 4(b) shall extend such period for another 12 months from the date of death or until the Expiration Date, if earlier.  
 (c)  Termination for Cause . If the Optionee s employment terminates for Cause (as defined in the Plan), any portion of this Stock
Option outstanding on such date shall terminate immediately and be of no further force and effect.    (d)  Other Termination . If the
Optionee s employment terminates for any reason other than the Optionee s death, the Optionee s disability or Cause, and unless otherwise determined by the Committee, any portion of this Stock Option outstanding on such date may be
exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of termination, for a period of three months from the date of termination or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not exercisable on the date of termination
shall terminate immediately and be of no further force or effect.    The Committee s determination of the reason for termination of the
Optionee s employment shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his or her representatives or legatees.    5.
 Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Stock Option shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Committee set forth in Section 2(b) of
the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein.  
 6.  Transferability . This Agreement is personal to the Optionee, is non-assignable and is not transferable in any manner, by operation
of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Stock Option is exercisable, during the Optionee s lifetime, only by the Optionee, and thereafter, only by the Optionee s legal representative or
legatee.  

7.  Tax Withholding . The Optionee shall, not later than the date as of which the exercise
of this Stock Option becomes a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee for payment of any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such
taxable event. The Optionee may elect to have the minimum required tax withholding obligation satisfied, in whole or in part, by authorizing the Company to withhold from shares of Stock to be issued.  
 8.  Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants,
the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the  Relevant Companies ) may process any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification
number, home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement (the  Relevant Information ). By entering into this Agreement, the
Grantee (i) authorizes the Company to collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Grantee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the
Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Grantee shall have
access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable law.  
 9.  No Obligation to Continue Employment . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this
Agreement to continue the Optionee in employment and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment of the Optionee at any time.  
 10.  Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed or
delivered to the Optionee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party in writing.  

MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.  

By: 

Name: Scott E. Landers  

Title: Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 d267781dex104.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10.4 

Exhibit 10.4       

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
  UNDER THE MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.   
  2010 INDUCEMENT STOCK PLAN       

Name of Grantee:  
    
   Name  

Address of Grantee:  
    
   Address  

No. of Shares:  
    
   # of shares  

Grant Date:  
    
   Grant Date  

Pursuant to the Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. 2010 Inducement Stock Plan (the  Plan ) as amended
through the date hereof, Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) hereby grants a Restricted Stock Award (an  Award ) to the Grantee named above. Upon acceptance of this Award, the Grantee shall receive the number of
shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Stock ) of the Company specified above, subject to the restrictions and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. This Award is intended to be an award of Stock described in
Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. and is being made to the Grantee as an inducement material to the Grantee s entering into employment with the Company. The Company acknowledges the receipt from the
Grantee of consideration equal to the par value of the Shares in the form of cash, past or future services rendered to the Company by the Grantee or such other form of consideration as is acceptable to the Company.  
 1.  Making of Award . This award is deemed to be made on the date the key terms of the grant are communicated to the Grantee either (i)
by email, (ii) in writing, or (iii) through posting in the Grantee s online E*TRADE brokerage account with respect to Company equity awards. At such time, the shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued and held by the Company s
transfer agent in book entry form, and the Grantee s name shall be entered as the stockholder of record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Grantee shall have all the rights of a shareholder with respect to such shares, including
voting and dividend rights, subject, however, to the restrictions and conditions specified in Paragraph 2 below.    2.  Restrictions
and Conditions .    (a) Any book entries for the shares of Restricted Stock granted herein shall bear an appropriate legend, as
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, to the effect that such shares are subject to restrictions as set forth herein and in the Plan.  
 (b) Shares of Restricted Stock granted herein may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the
Grantee prior to vesting.    (c) If the Grantee s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries is voluntarily or involuntarily
terminated for any reason (including death) prior to vesting of shares of Restricted Stock granted herein, all shares of Restricted Stock shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and returned to the Company.  

3.  Vesting of Restricted Stock . The restrictions and conditions in Paragraph 2 of
this Agreement shall lapse on the date(s) specified in the following schedule so long as the Grantee remains an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary on such date(s). If a series of vesting dates is specified, then the restrictions and
conditions in Paragraph 2 shall lapse only with respect to the number of shares of Restricted Stock specified as vested on such date.      

Shares Vested  

Vesting Date  

(          %) 

(          %) 

(          %) 

(          %) 

(          %) 

Subsequent to such date(s), the shares of Stock on which all restrictions and conditions have lapsed shall no
longer be deemed Restricted Stock. The Committee may at any time accelerate the vesting schedule specified in this Paragraph 3.    4.
 Dividends . Dividends on Shares of Restricted Stock shall be paid currently to the Grantee.    5.  Incorporation of Plan .
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Committee set forth in Section 2(b) of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this
Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein.    6.  Transferability . This
Agreement is personal to the Grantee, is non-assignable and is not transferable in any manner, by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  
 7.  Tax Withholding . The Grantee shall, not later than the date as of which the receipt of this Award becomes a taxable event for
Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee for payment of any Federal, state, and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event. Except in circumstances covered by
Paragraph 8, below, the Grantee may elect to have the required minimum tax withholding obligation satisfied, in whole or in part, by authorizing the Company to withhold from shares of Stock to be issued.  
 8.  Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the
Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the  Relevant Companies ) may process any and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number,
home address and telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement (the  Relevant Information ). By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee (i)
authorizes the Company to collect, process, register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Grantee may have with respect to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the Relevant
Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv) authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Grantee shall have access to, and
the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable law.  
      2  

9.  Election Under Section 83(b) . The Grantee and the Company hereby agree that the Grantee
may, within 30 days following the acceptance of this Award as provided in Paragraph 1 hereof, file with the Internal Revenue Service and the Company an election under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. In the event the Grantee makes such an
election, he or she agrees to provide a copy of the election to the Company.    10.  No Obligation to Continue Employment . Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this Agreement to continue the Grantee in employment and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to
terminate the employment of the Grantee at any time.    11.  Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at
its principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other party in writing.  

MONOTYPE IMAGING HOLDINGS INC.  

By: 

Name: Scott E. Landers  

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer  

3  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.6>
 5
 d267781dex106.htm
 EX-10.6

EX-10.6 

Exhibit 10.6   
  EXECUTION VERSION      LEASE
    between     WFP TOWER D
CO. L.P.,     as Landlord,  
 and     OLAPIC, INC. ,  
 as Tenant,    Dated as of
October 8, 2015          
 Premises:    Brookfield Place  
 250 Vesey Street    New York, New
York 10281  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

i  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  (continued)       

ii  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  (continued)       

iii  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  (continued)       

iv  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  (continued)       

v  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   
  (continued)       

   EXHIBITS      

A 
    
 Description of Land  
 
 B 
    
 Floor Plan of Premises  
 
 C 
    
 Rules and Regulations  
 
 D 
    
 Alterations Rules and Regulations  
 
 E 
    
 HVAC Specifications  
 
 F 
    
 Standard Cleaning Specifications  
 
 G 
    
 Form of Letter of Credit  
 
 H 
    
 Approved Local Unions  
 
 I 
    
 Terrace  
 
      vi  

vii  

viii  

ix  

x  

LEASE  (this   Lease  ), dated as of October 8, 2015 between  WFP
TOWER D CO. L.P. , a New York limited partnership, having an office c/o Brookfield Financial Properties, L.P., 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10281-1023 (  Landlord  ), and  OLAPIC, INC. , a Delaware
corporation, having an office at 151 West 25th Street, New York, New York 10001 (  Tenant  ).  
   TO    W   I   T   N   E   S   S    T   H   A   T :   
 WHEREAS, Landlord is willing to lease to Tenant and Tenant is willing to hire from Landlord, on the terms hereinafter set forth, certain space
in the office building located at 250 Vesey Street, New York, New York (which building, together with all additions and replacements thereto, is referred to herein as the   Building  ) on the land more particularly described in
 Exhibit A  (which land, together with the exclusive easements appurtenant thereto, is referred to herein as the   Land   the Land and the Building and the plaza, the esplanade, all entranceways, access and egress points,
sidewalks and curbs adjacent thereto or servicing the Land and the Building are collectively called the   Real Property    
 NOW, THEREFORE, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:  
 ARTICLE 1    TERMS AND DEFINITIONS
   Section 1.01  Defined Terms . As used herein, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below:  
   Affiliate  , when used with respect to any Person, means a Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or
is under common control with such Person. For purposes of the foregoing definition,  control  (including  controlled by  and  under common control with ), (i) when used with respect to a Person that is a
corporation, shall be deemed to exist by reason of ownership of more than 50% in voting points of all classes of authorized and outstanding voting stock of a corporation, and (ii) when used with respect to a Person that is a partnership,
limited liability company, tenancy-in-common or other business entity, more than 50% of all of the legal and equitable interests in a partnership, limited liability company, tenancy-in-common or other business entity (determined without regard to
cash flow preferences and similar items), or, in each case, having the power to direct or cause the direction of the day-to-day management of such entity.  
   Bankruptcy Code   means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time.  
   Base Operating Amount   means the sum of (i) one half of the Operating Expenses for the 2015 calendar year and
(ii) one half of the Operating Expenses for the 2016 calendar year.      Base PILOT Amount   PILOT Charges (excluding
amounts described in  clauses (ii)  and  (iii)  of the definition of PILOT Charges) for the PILOT Year commencing on July 1, 2015 and ending on June 30, 2016.  

BID Charges   means (i) business improvement district charges and any
similar charges imposed on the Building and/or the Land and/or the Project, and (ii) any customary expenses incurred by Landlord in contesting the same, which expenses shall be allocated to the PILOT Year to which such expenses relate. Expenses
incurred in contesting BID Charges shall be those customarily incurred by landlords of first class office buildings in downtown Manhattan. BID Charges shall not include any component of Operating Expenses.  
   Building Standard Rate   means the rate generally charged by Landlord at the time in question to tenants in the Building for
a particular service, as such rate may be increased and/or decreased from time to time by Landlord in its sole and absolute discretion.  
   Building Systems   means the systems servicing the Building (excluding distribution thereof within the Premises), including,
without limitation, life safety (including Class E and emergency generator serving the Building); base Building HVAC; base Building electric; base Building plumbing and standpipes; base Building management systems; and service elevators and
passenger elevators.      Central Plant   means the central facility for the (i) production and distribution of
condenser/chilled water to the Project, and (ii) distribution of steam to the Project.      Consumer Price Index   or
  CPI   means the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the United States Department of Labor, New York, N.Y.   Northern N.J.- Long Island, NY-NJ-CT-PA, All Items
(1982 84 = 100), or any successor index thereto, appropriately adjusted. If the Consumer Price Index is converted to a different standard reference base or otherwise revised, then whenever the determination of a Consumer Price Index figure is
called for herein, the Consumer Price Index shall be converted in accordance with the conversion factors published by the United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics, or, if such Bureau shall not publish the same, as the same may
be published by Prentice-Hall, Inc. or any other nationally recognized publisher of similar statistical information reasonably satisfactory to Landlord and Tenant. If the Consumer Price Index ceases to be published, and there is no successor
thereto, such other index as the Landlord shall reasonably designate shall be substituted for the Consumer Price Index.  
   Expiration Date   means 11:59 p.m. on the day preceding the 10th anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date, as such date may
be extended pursuant to the Renewal Option or such earlier date on which this Lease may be cancelled or terminated pursuant to any of the conditions or covenants of this Lease or pursuant to law.  
   Extra Personnel   means operating engineers, elevator operators and mechanics, loading dock guards, master mechanics,
maintenance mechanics, teamster foremen, dockmasters, electricians, security personnel and other support personnel in each case contracted for or employed by or on behalf of Landlord.  
   Governmental Authority   means the United States of America, the State of New York, New York City and any agency, department,
commission, board, bureau, instrumentality or political subdivision of any of the foregoing, now existing or hereafter created, having jurisdiction over the Real Property, the Premises or any portions thereof.  
      2  

Ground Lease   means that certain Agreement of Severance Lease, dated as of
June 15, 1983 between Ground Lessor and Olympia   York Battery Park Company, a memorandum of which was recorded in the Office of the Register of New York City, New York County, on June 20, 1983, in Reel 696 at Page 507; which
lease was assigned by Olympia   York Battery Park Company to Olympia   York Tower D Company pursuant to that certain Assignment and Assumption of Severance Lease, dated as of October 7, 1983, as such lease may be amended from
time to time.      Ground Lessor   means Battery Park City Authority or its successor under the Ground Lease.  
   Ground Rents   means, collectively, (i) the annual sums of base rent payable by Landlord as tenant under
 Section 3.01  of the Ground Lease, and (ii) the annual sums, if any, of percentage rent, retail rent and other rent payable with respect to the Project by Landlord, as tenant, under, respectively,  Sections 3.04  and  3.05 
of the Ground Lease.      Insurance Requirements   means the conditions and requirements of any insurance policy affecting
the Real Property or any portion thereof and the rules, regulations, orders and other requirements of the New York Board of Underwriters and/or the New York Fire Insurance Rating Organization and/or any other similar body performing the same or
similar functions and having jurisdiction or cognizance over the Building and/or the Premises, whether now or hereafter in force.  
   Landlord s Average Cost Per Kilowatt Hour   means an amount equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the
actual total dollar amount billed by the electrical provider(s) servicing the Building for the relevant Electricity Billing Period (including any taxes, fuel rate adjustments, demand charges and surcharges, but excluding any interest and penalties
for late payment, and less any credits, rebates, discounts or refunds actually received by Landlord), by (ii) the total kilowatt hours of electricity used at the Building for such billing period determined by reference to the meter or meters
measuring the same, carried to 6 decimal places.      Lease Year   means each calendar year that shall include any part of
the Term.      Leasehold Improvements   means all leasehold improvements, Alterations and fixtures attached to or built into
the Premises, including those installed by or on behalf of Tenant in connection with its build-out and all Alterations made by or on behalf of Tenant outside the Premises on the Real Property (including any equipment and cabling placed or installed
by or on behalf of Tenant outside the Premises on the Real Property). Notwithstanding anything contained in this definition of  Leasehold Improvements  to the contrary, the term  Leasehold Improvements  shall specifically exclude
Tenant s Property.      Operating Share Denominator   has the meaning set forth in this  Section 1.01  in the
definition of  Rentable Square Feet of the Premises .      Person   means and includes, (a) with respect to
 Article 10 , an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or limited liability partnership and (b) with respect to all other Sections of this Lease, an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
 
      3  

company, limited liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, unincorporated association, any federal, state, county or municipal government or any bureau, department, authority or agency
thereof.      PILOT Charges   means (i) any and all  Payments in Lieu of Taxes  payable by Landlord to the
Ground Lessor under the Ground Lease or the City of New York thereunder, as such term is defined in the Project Operating Agreement (  PILOT  ), (ii) any and all BID Charges, and (iii) any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
Landlord in contesting the assessed value of the Real Property (which expenses shall be those customarily incurred by landlords of first class office buildings in downtown Manhattan), which expenses shall be allocated to the PILOT Year to which such
expenses relate. PILOT Charges shall not include any interest or penalties payable by Landlord by reason of the failure timely to pay amounts described in  clauses (i)  and  (ii)  above.  
   PILOT Share Denominator   has the meaning set forth in this  Section 1.01  in the definition of  Rentable
Square Feet of the Premises .      PILOT Year   means each period of 12 months, commencing on the first day of July of
each such period, in which occurs any part of the Term.      Port Authority Easement Agreement   means the Port Authority
Easement Agreement, dated as of September 1, 1981, among the Port Authority, the Port Authority Trans- Hudson Corporation, BPC Development Corporation and Ground Lessor, recorded on October 27, 1981, in Reel 589, Page 868, in the Office of the
Register of New York City (New York County), as amended by Amendment to Easement Agreement dated as of February 8, 1982, Second Amendment to Easement Agreement dated as of January 20, 1984, Third Amendment to Easement Agreement dated as of
March 26, 2001, and as the same may be further amended from time to time.      Premises   means a portion of the
rentable area of the 4th floor of the Building, substantially as shown on the floor plans annexed hereto as  Exhibit B .  
   Prime Rate   means the average, at the time in question, of the rates announced as their respective prime commercial lending
rates by Citibank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase   Co. or their respective successors, and if such prime rates shall cease to be so announced by either or both of such banks, then the term  Prime Rate  means the prime commercial lending
rate for large commercial banks reported in The Wall Street Journal. Any interest payable with reference to the Prime Rate shall be adjusted on a daily basis, based upon the Prime Rate in effect at the time in question, and shall be calculated with
respect to the actual number of days elapsed on the basis of a 365-day year. If (i) such prime commercial lending rates shall cease to be so announced by either or both of such banks, and (ii) The Wall Street Journal does not report the
prime commercial lending rate for large commercial banks, then, the term   Prime Rate   means a rate, reasonably determined by Landlord, from time to time, to be comparable to the rate that had formerly constituted the  Prime
Rate  hereunder.      Project   means the  Brookfield Place  project of which the Building is a part, which
comprises, inter alia, 200 Liberty Street, 225 Liberty Street, 200 Vesey Street and 250  
      4  

Vesey Street, as well as the Winter Garden, any pedestrian bridges and entranceways, access and egress points, sidewalks and curbs, and the plaza and esplanade adjacent to the North Cove, and any
and all future additions and replacements thereto.      Project Operating Agreement   means the Project Operating Agreement
dated as of June 15, 1983 among Battery Park City Authority, Olympia   York Battery Park Company and Shearson/American Express, Inc., American Express Company, American Express International Banking Corporation and American Express
Travel Related Services Company, Inc., which agreement was recorded in the Office of the Register of the City of New York, New York County on June 20, 1983 in Reel 696, Page 597, as amended and as assigned from time to time.  
   Project Operating Charges   means, for any period, the amounts payable for such period by Landlord, as lessee under the
Ground Lease, pursuant to the Project Operating Agreement.      Property Manager   means Brookfield Financial Properties,
L.P. or any successor manager of the Building.      Rent Commencement Date   means the 91st day after the Commencement Date.
     Rentable Square Feet of the Premises   means for all purposes under this Lease 17,895 Rentable Square Feet. Tenant
hereby acknowledges that it has independently determined the useable and rentable areas being leased hereunder, that no representation, express or implied, has been or is being made by Landlord with respect to square footage (rentable or otherwise)
contained in the Premises and that the term   Rentable Square Footage  ,   Rentable Square Foot   or   Rentable Square Feet   is being defined and employed herein only for purposes of making certain Rent
calculations in the express manner set forth herein. Landlord and Tenant agree that the Building is conclusively deemed to contain 1,704,961 rentable square feet for the purpose of calculating Tenant s Operating Share (the   Operating
Share Denominator  ) and 1,802,160 rentable square feet for the purpose of calculating Tenant s PILOT Share (the   PILOT Share Denominator  ).  
   Site Manager   means the manager of those areas for which Landlord or its Affiliates is responsible pursuant to the Project
Operating Agreement.      Subject to CPI Adjustment  , with reference to a specified amount, means the specified amount,
multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Consumer Price Index for the calendar month preceding the date on which such amount is to be adjusted under the provision in question, and the denominator of which is the Consumer Price
Index in effect on the date of this Lease.      Tenant   means the Person named as Tenant on the cover page and in the
introductory paragraph hereof, and any successor and assign thereof (provided that nothing in this definition shall be construed as permitting any assignment or subletting or any other transfer otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Lease).  
      5  

Tenant s Electricity Costs   means an amount equal to
(i) Landlord s Average Cost Per Kilowatt Hour for any relevant billing period, multiplied by (ii) the total kilowatt hours of electricity used in the Premises during such billing period, as measured by Tenant s Submeters.  
   Tenant s Operating Share   for the Premises means 1.0496%.  
   Tenant s PILOT Share   for the Premises means 0.9930%.  
   Tenant s Submeters   means the electric submeters currently installed throughout the Premises, if any, for purposes of
measuring only the electricity provided to the Premises, which shall be in good working order on the Commencement Date, and any additional electric submeters which may be installed in accordance with  Section 5.02(a) .  
   Unavoidable Delays   means delays incurred by Landlord or Tenant, as applicable, due to strikes, labor troubles, acts of God,
enemy action, acts of terrorism, bioterrorism ( e.g. , the release or threatened release of an airborne agent that may adversely affect the Real Property or any portion thereof including the Building or its occupants), civil commotion,
unavailability of materials and supplies, fire or other casualty, or any event or circumstance whatsoever reasonably beyond Landlord s or Tenant s control, as applicable, whether similar or dissimilar, including, but not limited to, any
governmental preemption in connection with an emergency, any Legal Requirements, Insurance Requirements, or Landlord s inability to act due to any requirement of a Superior Instrument or due to a Superior Party s actions despite, in each
case, Landlord s reasonable efforts so to act. Without limiting the foregoing, the following shall be deemed to be reasonably beyond Landlord s or Tenant s control, as applicable:  
 (i) lack of access to the Building or the Premises (which shall include, but not be limited to, the lack of access to the
Building or the Premises when it or they are structurally sound but inaccessible due to evacuation of the surrounding area or damage to nearby structures or public areas);  
 (ii) any event or circumstance outside the Building; or  
 (iii) reduced air quality or other contaminants within the Building that would adversely affect the Building or its occupants
(including, but not limited to, the presence of biological or other airborne agents within the Building or the Premises);    An Unavoidable
Delay shall not include the insolvency or financial condition of Landlord or Tenant, as applicable.      Zoning Resolution  
means the Zoning Resolution of the City of New York effective December 15, 1961, as amended.    Section 1.02  General Terms .
(a) The terms  hereof,   herein  and  hereunder,  and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Lease as a whole (including the annexed Exhibits), and not to any particular Article, Section,
Exhibit or provision, unless expressly so stated.  
      6  

(b) All words or terms used in this Lease, regardless of the number or gender in which they are
used, shall be deemed to include any other number and any other gender, as the context may require.    (c) Wherever the word
 including  appears in this Lease without the word  not  preceding it and without the phrase  but not limited to  or  without limitation  or a phrase having a similar meaning following it, it shall be deemed
that the phrase  but not limited to  shall appear immediately following the word  including . Likewise, wherever the word  include  appears in this Lease, in a similar grammatical context, without the word
 not  preceding it and without the phrase  but not limited to  or  without limitation  or a phrase having a similar meaning following it, it shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  but not be limited to 
or  without limitation .    ARTICLE 2  
 PREMISES; TERM  
 Section 2.01  Premises Demised . Landlord hereby demises to Tenant, and Tenant hereby hires and leases from Landlord, the Premises
upon and subject to all of the terms, covenants, rentals and conditions provided for herein.    Section 2.02  Term . This Lease
shall have a term (the   Term  ) commencing on the Commencement Date and expiring on the Expiration Date.  
 Section 2.03  Delivery of the Premises . Landlord shall deliver, and Tenant shall accept, possession of the Premises on the
Commencement Date vacant, free of tenancies, broom clean and in its then  as is  condition and Landlord shall not be required to perform any work, to pay any allowance or any other amount or to render any services to make the Premises
ready for Tenant s use and occupancy or to provide any abatement of Base Rent or Additional Rent as a condition to the commencement of the Term or otherwise; provided, that, the Building Systems servicing the Premises, including the
distribution portions thereof within the Premises, shall be in good working order on the Commencement Date.    Section 2.04
 Commencement Date .   Commencement Date   means the date of this Lease. Landlord shall be deemed to have delivered possession of the Premises and Tenant shall be deemed to have accepted possession of the Premises from Landlord
on the Commencement Date.    ARTICLE 3  
 RENT    Section 3.01  Base
Rent . (a) Tenant shall pay to Landlord with respect to the Premises, base rent (the   Base Rent  ) at the following annual rates in equal monthly installments in  
      7  

advance, commencing on the Rent Commencement Date and thereafter on the first day of each and every month during the Term (a   Payment Date  ), except that Tenant shall pay, upon
execution and delivery of this Lease by Tenant, the first full monthly installment of Base Rent:    (i) from the Rent
Commencement Date to the last day of the month in which the day preceding the 5th anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date occurs, at the rate of $1,055,805.00 per annum, payable in 12 equal monthly installments of $87,983.75; and  
 (ii) from the 5th anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date to the Expiration Date, at the rate of $1,145,280.00 per annum,
payable in 12 equal monthly installments of $95,440.00.    During the Renewal Term, the Base Rent shall be the amount provided therefor in
 Article 33 . If the day on which Base Rent is payable is a Saturday or Sunday, or a Holiday on which the banks in New York City are closed, Base Rent shall be due and payable on the next immediately succeeding day on which such banks are open.
   (b) Tenant shall pay all Rent as the same shall become due and payable under this Lease (i) in the case of Base Rent and recurring
Additional Rent, by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds or ACH transfer to an account as directed by Landlord, and (ii) in the case of all other sums, either by wire transfer as aforesaid or by check (subject to collection)
drawn on a bank that clears through the Clearing House Payments Company L.L.C., in each case at the times provided herein and except as expressly set forth in this Lease, without notice or demand and, except as expressly set forth in this Lease,
without set-off, deduction or counterclaim. All Rent shall be paid in lawful money of the United States to Landlord at its office in the United States or such other place in the United States as Landlord may from time to time designate. Tenant shall
not be in default of Tenant s obligation to pay any such Base Rent and Additional Rent if and for so long as Tenant shall timely comply with Landlord s wire instructions or ACH instructions (which instructions Landlord shall provide to
Tenant prior to the date on which the first installment of Base Rent shall be due and payable) in connection with such payments. Accordingly, if Tenant shall have timely complied with Landlord s instructions pertaining to a wire or ACH
transfer, but the funds shall thereafter have been misdirected or not accounted for properly by the recipient bank designated by Landlord, then the same shall not relieve Tenant of its obligation to make the payment so wired or transferred, but
shall toll the due date for such payment until the wired or transferred funds shall have been located. Except to the extent specifically otherwise provided, all bills, invoices and statements rendered to Tenant with respect to this Lease shall be
binding and conclusive on Tenant unless, within 90 days after receipt of same, Tenant notifies Landlord that it is disputing the same.  
 (c) The parties acknowledge that this Lease has been structured so that the Base Rent (and only the Base Rent) is abated during the period
commencing on the Commencement Date and ending on the day immediately preceding the Rent Commencement Date.    Section 3.02
 Additional Rent . All amounts other than Base Rent required under this Lease to be paid by Tenant, including Tenant s Operating Payment, PILOT Charges, Tenant s  
      8  

Electricity Costs and any fine, penalty or interest that may be imposed for nonpayment or late payment thereof, shall constitute additional rent (  Additional Rent  ) and shall be
paid when due in accordance with the terms of this Lease, without any abatement or set-off (except as may be specifically provided in this Lease), deduction or counterclaim. Unless another due date or time period is provided in this Lease,
Additional Rent shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord within 30 days after a statement from Landlord is delivered to Tenant that such Additional Rent is due. If Tenant shall fail to pay any Additional Rent when the same shall be due and payable in
accordance with the terms hereof, Landlord shall have all rights, powers and remedies with respect hereto as are provided herein or by law in the case of nonpayment of any Base Rent.  
 Section 3.03  Survival of Rent Obligation . Tenant s obligation to pay Base Rent and Additional Rent (collectively,
  Rent  ), and Landlord s obligation to refund any overpayment of Rent, as provided in this Lease, shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.  
 Section 3.04  Default Interest Charge/Late Charge . (a) If any payment of Rent (which term, for purposes of this
 Section 3.04  only, shall exclude any charges imposed under this  Section 3.04 ) is not paid (a) on the due date specified therefor in this Lease, or (b) if no due date is specified but a number of days is expressly
provided within which the item of Rent in question shall be paid, within such number of days, or (c) if no due date or number of days for payment is set forth in this Lease with respect to the item of Rent in question, within 30 days after the
date upon which demand therefor is made, then interest (the   Default Interest Charge  ) on the sums so overdue at an annual rate (the   Default Rate  ) equal to the  lesser  of (i) the highest rate permitted
by law, and (ii) 4% in excess of the Prime Rate, for the period from the day following the date or period referred to in  clause (a) ,  (b)  or  (c)  (whichever is applicable) to the date of actual payment, shall become
due and payable to Landlord by Tenant after demand. In calculating the Default Interest Charge, the Default Rate shall accrue from the date such item of Rent was due (without regard to any grace period set forth in this  Section 3.04) , to
and including the date of payment.    (b) If Tenant shall fail to make any payment of Rent for a period longer than 5 days after receipt of
notice from Landlord that same shall have not been paid when due, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord, in addition to such payment of Rent and in addition to the Default Interest Charge payable by Tenant pursuant to  Section 3.04(a) , a sum
(the   Late Charge  ) equal to 3% of the amount unpaid for the administrative costs and expenses incurred by Landlord by reason of Tenant s failure to make prompt payment.  
 (c) No failure by Landlord to insist upon the strict performance by Tenant of its obligations to pay any Default Interest Charge or Late
Charge shall constitute a waiver by Landlord of its right to enforce the provisions of this  Section 3.04  in any instance thereafter occurring. The provisions of this  Section 3.04  shall not be construed in any way to extend
any grace periods or notice periods or limit any remedies of Landlord that may be provided for in  Article 20 .    Section 3.05
 Payment of Lesser Amount . No payment by Tenant or receipt or acceptance by Landlord of a lesser amount than the correct amount of any Rent shall be deemed to be other than a payment on account, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any
check or  
      9  

any letter accompanying any check or payment be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord s right to recover the balance
or pursue any other remedy in this Lease or at law.    Section 3.06  Legal Rent Restrictions . If any portion of the Rent payable
under the terms and provisions of this Lease shall be or become uncollectible, reduced or required to be refunded because of any rent control or similar act or law enacted by a Governmental Authority, Tenant shall enter into such agreements and take
such other steps (without any additional expense or liability to Tenant) as Landlord may reasonably request and as may be legally permissible to permit Landlord to collect the maximum rents which from time to time during the continuance of such
legal rent restriction may be legally permissible (and not in excess of the amounts reserved therefor under this Lease). Upon the termination of such legal rent restriction during the Term, (a) the Rent in question shall become and thereafter
be payable in accordance with the amounts reserved herein for the periods following such termination, and (b) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, to the maximum extent legally permissible, an amount equal to the amount of the Rent in question which
would have been paid pursuant to this Lease but was not paid due to such legal rent restriction together with interest on such amount at the Prime Rate from the date the Rent in question would have been paid to the date on which such amount is paid.
   ARTICLE 4    OPERATING
EXPENSES; PILOT    Section 4.01  Operating Expenses . (a)   Operating Expenses   means, subject to the
limitations hereinafter set forth, all costs and expenses (and taxes thereon, if any, provided that such taxes, or any portion thereof, shall not be included within PILOT Charges) paid or incurred by Landlord or on behalf of Landlord, without
duplication, in respect of the operation, cleaning, repair, replacement, safety (including fire safety), management, security and maintenance of the Real Property and to the extent set forth below, the Project, and the services provided to occupants
of the Building computed using the accrual method of accounting, including, without limitation:    (i) salaries, wages,
bonuses and termination payments as required by any union contracts paid to, and the cost of any hospitalization, medical, surgical, union and general welfare benefits (including group life insurance), any pension, retirement or life insurance plans
and other benefits or similar expenses relating to, the Building manager, his staff and other employees of Landlord or its Affiliates (including that portion of the salary, benefits and wages of the Site Manager that are properly allocable to the
Building);    (ii) social security, unemployment and other payroll taxes, and the cost of providing disability and
workers  compensation coverage imposed by any Legal Requirements, union contract or otherwise with respect to said employees;  
 (iii) the cost of electricity (other than that furnished to space occupied or available to be occupied by tenants or other
occupants of rentable areas in the Building), gas, hot water for heating, steam, water, chilled water, air conditioning and  
      10  

other fuel and utilities furnished to all tenants in reasonably proportionate amounts without express cost to such tenants or other occupants or furnished to the Real Property (or any common area
thereof);    (iv) the cost of casualty, rent, liability, fidelity and any other insurance required to be carried by Landlord
under the Ground Lease and such other insurance (of a type customary for real property similar to the Real Property) as Landlord carries or hereafter carries with respect to the Real Property, as reasonably allocated to the Real Property by Landlord
in accordance with its current practices;    (v) the cost of maintenance and painting common areas of the Building (but not
any space occupied by tenants or available for occupancy by tenants);    (vi) the cost or rental of all building and cleaning
supplies, tools, materials and equipment;    (vii) the cost of uniforms, work clothes and dry cleaning for Building employees
and personnel at and below the grade of Building manager;    (viii) the costs and expenses attributable to window cleaning,
concierge, security and fire safety personnel, services or systems;    (ix) charges of independent contractors rendering
services or materials to the extent relating to the operations of the Real Property;    (x) telephone and stationery to the
extent related to the operation of the Real Property;    (xi) legal, accounting and other professional fees and disbursements
(including those incurred in the calculation and collection of Tenant s Operating Payments, PILOT Charges and electricity payments owed by tenants pursuant to provisions comparable to  Article 5  and in the enforcement of the Ground Lease
on behalf of tenants generally of the Building);  provided , that such fees and disbursements shall not be included to the extent that they are incurred by Landlord in connection with disputes with tenants or other occupants of the Building,
including, without limitation, disputes related to the calculation of escalation payments similar in nature to the escalation rent payable hereunder, or the enforcement of leases, licenses or other occupancy agreements;  
 (xii) (A) Project Operating Charges with respect to the Project (without regard to any of the exclusions set forth in 
Section 4.01(b)  other than clauses (15) and (30) thereof), less any reimbursements received by or credited to Landlord under the terms of the Project Operating Agreement (to the extent the reimbursed or credited amounts were
included in Operating Expenses for any Lease Year);  provided , that any costs included in Project Operating Charges that are required to be capitalized in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied
(  GAAP  ) may only be included in Operating Expenses if and to the extent that such costs would be includable in Operating Expenses under  Section 4.01(a)(xiv)  below if such costs had
 
      11  

been incurred by Landlord, and (B) any other expenses incurred by Landlord in respect of the Project with the agreement of the Management Committee (as such term is defined in the Project
Operating Agreement) or the members thereof;    (xiii) the cost of common area decorations in the Building (except to the
extent set forth in  Section 4.01(b)(29)) ;    (xiv) the cost of all alterations, repairs, replacements and/or
improvements made at any time by or on behalf of Landlord, whether structural or non-structural, ordinary or extraordinary, foreseen or unforeseen, and whether or not required by this Lease, and all tools and equipment related thereto;
 provided , that if in accordance with GAAP, any of the costs referred to in this  clause (xiv)  are required to be capitalized, then, except as provided in the last paragraph of this  Section 4.01(a)  with respect to Green
CapEx, such costs shall not be included in Operating Expenses unless they are incurred on or after January 1, 2017, and (I) are required by any Legal Requirements or Insurance Requirements (x) hereafter enacted or hereafter first
becoming applicable to the Real Property, or (y) currently in effect or applicable to the Real Property for which periodic or cyclical compliance may continue to be required from and after the date of this Lease or (II) are intended to reduce
expenses that would otherwise be included in Operating Expenses, in which event the cost thereof, together with interest thereon at (A) if Landlord did not finance same, the Prime Rate in effect on December 31 of the Lease Year in which
such costs were incurred or (B) the actual costs incurred by Landlord to finance such alterations, repairs, replacements and/or improvements shall be amortized and included in Operating Expenses over the useful life of the item in question, as
reasonably determined by Landlord in accordance with GAAP. The annual amortized amount so included in Operating Expenses for any year on account of such capital improvements or capital items which are intended to reduce Operating Expenses, as
described in clause (II) of this clause (xiv), shall not exceed Landlord s reasonable calculation of the annual savings in Operating Expenses that such improvements or items were designed to achieve;  
 (xv) costs and expenses allocated by Landlord to areas in the Project that are used for Building management offices, storage
areas, workshops or similar purposes,  provided , that such costs are for the purpose of managing the Building and  provided   further , that such rent shall not exceed the then fair market rental value for any such space (based upon
recently completed transactions in the Building) and that the amount of space allocated for the Building management office shall not exceed 4,500 rentable square feet;  
 (xvi) levies and assessments, fees, dues, and other similar or like charges paid to civic or other real estate organizations;
   (xvii) all other costs and expenses properly allocated by Landlord to the operation, cleaning, repair, replacement, safety
(including fire safety), management, security and maintenance of the Land and Building and the entranceways, access and egress points, sidewalks, curbs, plazas and other areas forming a part of or adjoining or servicing the Land and the Building, in
accordance with the standards applicable to a first-class office building in downtown Manhattan; and    (xviii) management
fees;  provided , that if Landlord or an Affiliate of Landlord is the Property Manager then the annual management fee shall be equal to 3% of gross revenues derived from the Building.  
      12  

In addition to the foregoing Operating Expenses, the term  Operating Expenses  shall
also include all costs incurred for any of the following: (i) all costs of maintaining, managing, reporting, commissioning, and re-commissioning the Building, the Real Property or any part thereof which is designed, renovated, modified,
upgraded and/or built to be sustainable and conform with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s Energy Star   rating system and/or Design to Earn Energy Star 71 (  Energy Star Rating System  ), the Green Building
Initiative s Green Globes  for Continual Improvement of Existing Buildings (  Green Globes -CIEB  ) standards, the U.S. Green Building Council s Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
(  LEED  ) rating system, or any similar program or rating system of any successor to any of the foregoing entities or of any federal, state or municipal governmental or quasi-governmental authority; (ii) all costs of applying,
reporting and commissioning the Building, the Real Property or any part thereof to seek certification under the Energy Star Rating system, Green Globes -CIEB, LEED rating system, or other similar rating system; and (iii) all costs of
alterations, installations, improvements, replacements, repairs and equipment whether structural or non-structural, ordinary or extraordinary, foreseen or unforeseen, and whether or not required by this Lease incurred (x) in connection with any
of the foregoing or (y) to contribute to the slowing of global warming, the lowering of the Building s or the Real Property s carbon footprint or the saving of energy consumed in the Building and/or the Real Property (whether such
saving is of tenant electricity or base Building or Real Property energy) or (z) to comply with any Legal Requirements which are intended to lower the Building s or the Real Property s carbon footprint or save energy;  provided ,
that if under GAAP, any of the costs referred to in this clause are incurred after calendar year 2016 and required to be capitalized (  Green CapEx  ), then such Green CapEx, together with interest thereon at the Prime Rate in effect
as of December 31 of the year in which such expenditure is made, shall be amortized or depreciated, as the case may be, over a period of time which shall be the shorter of: (I) the useful life of the item in question, as reasonably
determined by Landlord; or (II) 5 years;  provided  ,  that with respect to any Green CapEx capital improvement and/or any machinery or equipment which is made or becomes operational, as the case may be, after calendar year 2016, and which
has the effect of reducing the expenses which otherwise would be included in Operating Expenses, the amount included in Operating Expenses in any Lease Year until such Green CapEx has been fully amortized or depreciated, as the case may be, shall be
an amount equal to the amortization or depreciation, as the case may be, of such Green CapEx, which is included in Operating Expenses pursuant to the foregoing provisions in this clause.  
 (b) Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in  Section 4.01(a) ,   Operating Expenses   shall exclude or
have deducted from them, as applicable:    (1) salaries, wages, compensation and benefits of: (a) any employee (whether
paid by Landlord or the Property Manager): (x) above the grade of Building  
      13  

manager or similarly designated on-site individual who has responsibility for the management of the Building (except that that portion of the salary, benefits and wages of the Site Manager which
is properly allocable to the Building shall be included in Operating Expenses), or (y) who does not devote substantially all of his or her time to the Building, unless such wages, salaries and benefits of any such employee at or below the grade
of Building manager who does not devote substantially all of his/her time to the Building are equitably prorated to reflect a reasonable allocation of time spent on operating, managing or otherwise servicing the Building, (b) any officer,
member or partner of Landlord or its affiliates, or (c) clerks, attendants or other persons or entities in commercial concessions, if any, operated by Landlord or any affiliate thereof;  
 (2) capital expenditures other than those permitted in clause (xiv) of  Section 4.01(a) ;  
 (3) amounts received by Landlord (or would have been received had Landlord carried the required insurance) through proceeds of
insurance or condemnation proceedings to the extent they are compensation for sums otherwise included in Operating Expenses;  
 (4) costs incurred in performing work for or furnishing services to any tenant or occupant of the Building, including any work
or other allowance to any tenant for its installation, whether at such tenant s or occupant s or Landlord s expense, to the extent that such work or services are in excess of any work or services that Landlord is obligated to perform
for or furnish to Tenant at no extra cost to Tenant;    (5) depreciation, amortization and other non-cash charges, except as
provided above in  clause (2)  of this  Section 4.01(b) ;    (6) brokerage commissions, advertising and
promotional expenses and legal or other fees and expenses incurred in leasing or attempting to lease any portion of the Building or incurred in any sale or attempted sale of the Building or any interest therein or any portion thereof;  
 (7) the cost of electricity furnished to Tenant pursuant to  Article 5  and chilled water furnished to Tenant pursuant
to  Section 17.01 , and the cost of electricity or chilled water furnished to any other tenant or other occupant under its lease or occupancy arrangements, to the extent separately paid for by such tenant or occupant for the operation of
its own supplemental system;    (8) refinancing costs (including attorneys  fees and disbursements), prepayment premiums
and principal and interest payments and penalties in respect of any indebtedness, except as otherwise provided in this  Section 4.01(b) ;  
 (9) any taxes or other amounts included in PILOT Charges;  
 (10) the cost of any item included in  Section 4.01(a)  above to the extent that Landlord has been reimbursed or is
indemnified for such cost by a tenant or any other party, other than by payment of such tenant s share under provisions comparable to this  Article 4  (regardless of whether or not reimbursement is calculated over a base year);  
      14  

(11) succession, gains, estate, recording, transfer, inheritance, excise, excess
profits, occupancy or rent, gift, stamp, foreign ownership or control, income, franchise, capital, payroll (other than such taxes as are described in  Section 4.01(a)(ii) ) and doing-business taxes payable by Landlord or any charges and/or
taxes which are payable by individual tenants;    (12) legal fees, brokerage commissions and other transaction costs and
expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with a sale or transfer of its interest in the Building or the Real Property or in any Person or entity of whatever tier owning an interest therein;  
 (13) fees to any Affiliate of Landlord to the extent the same are in excess of market rates (subject, however, to
 Section 4.01(a)(xviii) );    (14) costs of any repairs, replacements or modifications to the Building (A) to
the extent Landlord is, or is entitled to be, reimbursed or compensated therefor by insurance proceeds or condemnation awards, or (B) for which Landlord would have been compensated by insurance had Landlord carried all the coverages required to
be carried by Landlord under the Ground Lease;    (15) negligence payments owed by Landlord under the Project Operating
Agreement (unless due to Tenant s negligence in which event Tenant shall pay to Landlord 100% of such negligence payments); any late charges imposed under the Project Operating Agreement by reason of Landlord s failure timely to comply
with its obligations thereunder; and charges incurred in removing equitable liens properly imposed on the Real Property under Section 4.11(b) of the Project Operating Agreement by reason of Landlord s failure to pay the amounts described
in such Section 4.11(b), to the extent such charges exceed those that would otherwise have been payable absent such failure;  
 (16) arbitration, auditing and legal fees and expenses unrelated to the repair, replacement, safety, maintenance, management,
operation, cleaning or security of the Building and unrelated to the preparation of statements required pursuant to additional rent or lease escalation provisions or required pursuant to the Ground Lease or Project Operating Agreement, including
without limitation (for purposes of excluding the same) those related to the leasing of rentable space, tenant disputes, the prosecution or defense of any action involving any tenant at the Building, and the modification or extension of any mortgage
or any ground, underlying or superior lease;    (17) Ground Rents and any rent, additional rent or other charge under any
lease or sublease assumed, directly or indirectly, by Landlord (other than amounts which constitute a reimbursement to the ground lessor for items which would have been included in Operating Expenses under this Lease if the same were paid directly
by Landlord);  
      15  

(18) the cost of any judgment, settlement or arbitration award resulting from any
tort liability, including without limitation, any deductible under any liability insurance policy and all related legal fees and disbursements;  
 (19) expenditures on account of Landlord s acquisition or sale of any air rights or development rights, including related
legal fees and disbursements;    (20) the cost of installing, operating and maintaining any communications or other dishes or
antennas on the roof of the Building which are unrelated to the maintenance, management, operation and security of the Building or any specialty service or amenity such as an observatory, broadcasting facility, or club;  
 (21) the cost of enforcing any obligations of other tenants or occupants of the Building;  
 (22) the cost of any work or service performed for any facility other than the Real Property or any portion thereof;  
 (23) the cost of any expansions to the Building after the date hereof and any costs arising therefrom (including, without
limitation, increased PILOT Charges and Operating Expenses, unless the Rentable Square Footage of such expansion is included in computing the denominator for purposes of Tenant s Operating Share and/or Tenant s PILOT Share, in which case
such PILOT Charges and Operating Expenses shall be included therein;    (24) expenses (including, without limitation,
attorneys  fees and overtime pay) incurred in curing a default by Landlord under this Lease or any other lease of space in the Building, a contract for services at the Building, or under any mortgage or insurance policy affecting the Building
to the extent that such expenses are greater than the expenses Landlord would have incurred had Landlord performed such obligation timely;  
 (25) any off-site general and administrative expenses not associated with the operation of the Real Property;  
 (26) any bad debt loss or rent loss;  
 (27) all costs associated with the operation of the business of the entity which constitutes Landlord, as the same are
distinguished from the costs of operation of the Real Property;    (28) to the extent that any costs that are otherwise
includable in Operating Expenses are incurred with respect to both the Real Property and other properties, there shall be excluded from Operating Expenses a fair and reasonable percentage thereof that is properly allocable to such other properties;
 
      16  

(29) costs to acquire works of fine art to the extent that such costs exceed the
costs of decorative art work customarily found in first class office buildings in downtown Manhattan (but nothing contained herein shall be deemed to preclude Landlord from including as an Operating Expense the cost to clean, maintain and secure any
such works of art);    (30) costs that would not have been incurred but for the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
Landlord, Property Manager or either such party s agents or employees;    (31) reserves of any kind (including reserves
for bad debts or rent loss);    (32) any costs incurred in installing or owning any conference facilities, fitness
centers, dining facilities or transportation services, unless such improvements are offered for use by tenants of the Building generally without the charge of a specific fee for such use;  
 (33) costs to comply with any hazardous substances or environmental laws, ordinances or regulations, or otherwise arising from
or the presence of hazardous materials or substances in, about or below the Building or the Land, including, without limitation, hazardous substances in the groundwater or soil; other than in each case any such costs with respect to hazardous
materials used in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements in the ordinary course of operating and maintaining the Building, which costs may, subject to the other applicable provisions of this  Section 4.01 , be included in
Operating Expenses;    (34) costs of any awards, judgments or settlements of damage claims paid by Landlord (or by any Person
incurring any expenses with respect to the Project which are otherwise includable in Operating Expenses) resulting from any tort and the costs of Landlord in defending itself in any legal action filed against Landlord alleging any such liability
including, without limitation, all related legal fees and disbursements under any general commercial liability insurance policy;  
 (35) costs of Landlord s charitable or political contributions, except as otherwise permitted pursuant to  clause
(xvi)  of  Section 4.01(a) ;    (36) costs relating to withdrawal liability or unfunded pension liability under
the Multi-Employer Pension Plan Act or similar laws;    (37) interest, late fees, costs, fines, penalties, legal fees, or
costs of litigation incurred due to the late payment of taxes, utility bills or other costs (including ground rents) incurred by Landlord s failure to make such payments when due, except to the extent cause by the failure of Tenant to make a
payment due hereunder in a timely fashion;    (38) any cost or expense, other than costs relating to the common areas of the
Building, separately incurred in connection with the operation or maintenance of  
      17  

the parking garage in the Building or connected thereto, or compensation paid to parking clerks, attendants or similar persons (it being understood that, as reasonably determined by Landlord,
(x) the costs of operating and maintaining the common areas adjoining such parking garage may be included in Operating Expenses and (y) costs incurred by Landlord for insurance and other costs which are incurred in connection with the
parking garage together with the other portions of the Building (and not separately for such parking garage), shall not be excluded from Operating Expenses pursuant to this  clause (38) ;  
 (39) expenses of relocating or moving any tenant(s) of the Building; and  
 (40) any costs, other than costs relating to the common areas of the Building, separately incurred in connection with any space
in the Building devoted to retail operations (it being understood that, as reasonably determined by Landlord, (i) the costs of operating and maintaining the common areas adjoining such retail areas may be included in Operating Expenses and
(ii) costs incurred by Landlord for insurance and other costs which are incurred in connection with the retail areas together with the other portions of the Building (and not separately for such retail areas), shall not be excluded from
Operating Expenses pursuant to this  clause (40 ));    Section 4.02  Adjustments to Operating Expenses . If during any Lease
Year (including, without limitation, calendar years 2015 and 2016), (a) any space on or above the 3rd floor of the Building shall be vacant or unoccupied, and/or (b) the tenant or occupant of any space on or above the 3rd floor level of
the Building undertook to perform work or services therein in lieu of having Landlord (or Landlord s Affiliates) perform the same and the cost thereof would have been included in Operating Expenses, then, in any such event(s), the Operating
Expenses for such period shall be increased by an amount equal to the additional Operating Expenses that would reasonably have been incurred if such space had been occupied or if Landlord (or Landlord s Affiliates) had performed such work or
services, as the case may be.    Section 4.03  Operating Payment . For each Lease Year or portion thereof commencing on or after
July 1, 2016, Tenant shall pay to Landlord in accordance with  Sections 4.04 ,  4.05  and  4.07  below (  Tenant s Operating Payment  ), Tenant s Operating Share of the amount, if any, by which Operating
Expenses for such Lease Year exceed the Base Operating Amount.    Section 4.04  Estimates of Operating Payments . For each Lease
Year or portion thereof commencing on or after January 1, 2016, Landlord may furnish to Tenant a written statement setting forth Landlord s estimate of Tenant s Operating Payment (an   Operating Estimate  ) for such
Lease Year. Tenant shall pay to Landlord on each Payment Date during each Lease Year from and after January 1, 2016, an amount equal to 1/12th of the Operating Estimate for such Lease Year. If Landlord has not furnished an Operating Estimate
prior to the commencement of any such Lease Year, then (a) assuming an Operating Estimate had been furnished with respect to a previous Lease Year, until the first Payment Date following the month in which a current Operating Estimate is
furnished to Tenant, Tenant shall pay to Landlord on each Payment Date an amount equal to the monthly sum payable by Tenant to Landlord under this  Section 4.04  in  
      18  

respect of the last month of the preceding Lease Year; and (b) regardless of whether an Operating Statement had been previously furnished, promptly after an Operating Estimate is furnished
to Tenant or together therewith, Landlord shall give notice to Tenant stating whether the aggregate amount of the installments of Tenant s Operating Payment previously made for such Lease Year (if any) is more or less than the aggregate amount
of the installments of Tenant s Operating Payment to be made for such Lease Year in accordance with such Operating Estimate; and (i) if there shall be a deficiency, Tenant shall pay the amount thereof within 30 days after delivery of such
Operating Estimate, or (ii) if there shall have been an overpayment, Landlord shall either refund to Tenant the amount thereof within 30 days after the delivery of such Operating Estimate or credit Tenant against the next monthly installment of
Rent with the amount of such excess; and (iii) on the first Payment Date following the month in which such Operating Estimate is furnished to Tenant, and monthly thereafter throughout the remainder of such Lease Year, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord an amount equal to 1/12th of Tenant s Operating Payment shown on such Operating Estimate. Landlord may at any time or from time to time furnish to Tenant a revised Operating Estimate and, in such case, Tenant s Operating Payment
for such Lease Year shall be adjusted and paid or refunded, as applicable, substantially in the same manner as provided in the preceding sentence. The rights and obligations of Landlord and Tenant with respect to any Additional Rent owed or to be
refunded under this  Section 4.04  shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.    Section 4.05
 Landlord s Annual Operating Statement . (a) Within 180 days after the end of each Lease Year following Lease Year 2015, Landlord shall endeavor to furnish to Tenant Landlord s statement in respect of Operating Expenses for such
Lease Year (an   Operating Statement  ). Within 180 days after the end of Lease Year 2016, Landlord shall endeavor to furnish to Tenant Landlord s statement in respect of Operating Expenses for Lease Years 2015 and 2016 (the
  Base Lease Year Statement  ). If any Operating Statement shall show that the sums paid by Tenant under  Section 4.04  exceeded Tenant s Operating Payment owed for such Lease Year, Landlord shall either refund to
Tenant the amount of such excess within 30 days after the delivery of such Operating Statement or credit Tenant against the next monthly installment of Rent with the amount of such excess. If any Operating Statement shall show that the sums so paid
by Tenant were less than Tenant s Operating Payment owed for such Lease Year, Tenant shall pay the amount of such deficiency within 30 days after the delivery of such Operating Statement. The rights and obligations of Landlord and Tenant with
respect to any Additional Rent owed or to be refunded under this  Section 4.05(a)  shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.  
 (b) Landlord s failure to render an Operating Statement with respect to any Lease Year shall not prejudice Landlord s right to
thereafter render an Operating Statement with respect thereto or with respect to any subsequent Lease Year;  provided , that if Landlord shall fail to render an Operating Statement to Tenant with respect to any Lease Year within 2 years after
the end of such Lease Year, then (i) Landlord shall be deemed to have waived any further right to collect an underpayment by Tenant of Operating Expenses for such Lease Year (but in no event shall the foregoing relieve Landlord of its
obligation to deliver an Operating Statement to Tenant or pay any excess owed to Tenant in accordance with this  Section 4.05 ).  
      19  

(c) (i) Tenant, upon notice given to Landlord within 180 days after Tenant s receipt of
the Base Lease Year Statement or an Operating Statement, as applicable, may elect to have Tenant s designated (in such notice) auditor (who may be (x) an employee of Tenant or (y) an independent certified public accounting firm
comprised of at least fifteen (15) members who shall be certified public accountants (  Tenant s CPA    provided , that Tenant s CPA shall not be compensated in whole or in part on a contingency basis, and
 provided further , that Tenant s CPA (or any of the members of such firm) shall not be, and shall not at any time during the Term have been, an Affiliate of, or an officer, director, principal, or employee of, the Property Manager or of
Landlord) examine such of Landlord s books and records (collectively, the   Records  ) as are directly relevant to the Operating Expenses reflected in such Base Lease Year Statement or Operating Statement for a period not to
exceed 60 days following the date on which the Records are first made available as provided in this  Section 4.05(c)(i) . As a condition to Tenant s right to have the Records examined, Tenant shall pay all sums required to be paid in
accordance with the Base Lease Year Statement or Operating Statement in question. If Tenant shall not give such notice within such 180 day period following Tenant s receipt of the Base Lease Year Statement or Operating Statement, then the Base
Lease Year Statement or Operating Statement shall be conclusive and binding upon Tenant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may delay its giving of the audit notices and examination of the Records with respect to the Base Operating Amount and
Base PILOT Amount and, at Tenant s election, with respect to the first Lease Year, until after Tenant has received the Base Lease Year Statement and the Operating Statement for calendar year 2017. Tenant and Tenant s employees,
Tenant s CPA and Tenant s agents shall treat all Records as confidential, and, upon request by Landlord, shall confirm such confidentiality obligation in writing.  
 (ii) Tenant, within 60 days after the date on which the Records are first made available as provided above in  Section
4.05(c)(i) , may send a notice (  Tenant s Statement  ) to Landlord that Tenant disagrees with the applicable Operating Statement, specifying in reasonable detail the basis for Tenant s disagreement and the amount of the
Tenant s Operating Payment Tenant claims is due. If Tenant fails to deliver a Tenant s Statement within such 60 day period, then such Operating Statement shall be conclusive and binding on Tenant. If Tenant delivers a Tenant Statement
within such 60 day period, then Landlord and Tenant shall attempt to resolve such disagreement. If they are unable to do so, then provided that the amount of the Tenant s Operating Payment Tenant claims is due is substantially different from
the amount of the Tenant s Operating Payment Landlord claims is due, Tenant may notify Landlord, within 90 days after the date on which the Records are made available to Tenant in connection with the disagreement in question, that Tenant
desires to have such disagreement determined by an Arbiter, and promptly thereafter Landlord shall designate, subject to Tenant s reasonable approval, a certified public accountant (the   Arbiter  ) whose determination made in
accordance with this  Section 4.05(c)(ii)  shall be binding upon the parties; it being understood that if the amount of the Tenant s Operating Payment Tenant claims is due is not substantially different from the amount of the Tenant s
Operating Payment Landlord claims is due, then Tenant shall have no right to protest such amount and shall pay the amount that Landlord claims is due to the extent not theretofore paid. If Tenant timely delivers a Tenant s Statement, the
disagreement referenced therein is not resolved by the parties and Tenant fails to notify Landlord of Tenant s desire to have such disagreement determined  
      20  

by an Arbiter within the 90 day period set forth in the preceding sentence, then the Operating Statement to which such disagreement relates shall be conclusive and binding on Tenant. If the
determination of the Arbiter shall substantially confirm the determination of Landlord, then Tenant shall pay the cost of the Arbiter. If the Arbiter shall substantially confirm the determination of Tenant, then Landlord shall pay the cost of the
Arbiter. In all other events, the cost of the Arbiter shall be borne equally by Landlord and Tenant. The Arbiter shall (i) be a certified public accountant and a member of an independent certified public accounting firm comprised of at least 15
members who shall be certified public accountants, and (ii) have at least 10 years experience in preparing and/or auditing the financial statements of owners and/or operators of first class office buildings in Manhattan which are similar to the
Building. If Landlord and Tenant shall be unable to agree upon the designation of the Arbiter within 15 days after notice from Landlord to Tenant requesting agreement as to the designation of the Arbiter, then either party shall have the right to
request that the American Arbitration Association (or any organization which is the successor thereto) (the   AAA  ) designate as the Arbiter a certified public accountant having the qualifications described above in this  Section
4.05(c)(ii) , and the cost of such certified public accountant shall be borne as provided above in the case of the Arbiter designated by Landlord and Tenant. Any determination made by an Arbiter in accordance with this
 Section 4.05(c)(ii)  shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the determination of the Arbiter shall not exceed the amount determined to be due in the first instance by
the Operating Statement, nor shall such determination be less than the amount claimed to be due by Tenant in Tenant s Statement, and any determination which does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void and not binding on the
parties. In rendering such determination the Arbiter shall not add to, subtract from or otherwise modify the provisions of this Lease, including the immediately preceding sentence. Pending the resolution of any contest pursuant to this  Section
4.05(c)(ii) , and as a condition to Tenant s right to prosecute such contest, Tenant shall pay all sums required to be paid in accordance with the Operating Statement in question. If Tenant shall prevail in such contest, an appropriate
refund or credit against the next monthly installment of Rent shall be made by Landlord to Tenant. The term  substantially  as used in this  Section 4.05(c)(ii) , means a variance of 5% or more of the Tenant s Operating
Payment in question.    (iii) If, as a result of Tenant s review of Landlord s books and records or an arbitration
described in  Section 4.05(e)(ii) , it is determined that Landlord overstated total Operating Expenses for the Building for any Lease Year, then Landlord shall reimburse Tenant the amount overpaid by Tenant, and if such overpayment was in an
amount exceeding 5% of the Operating Expense for such Lease Year, then such reimbursement shall be made together with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the date paid to the date reimbursed, and if it is determined that Landlord overstated
Operating Expenses for the Building such Lease Year by more than 10%, then Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for the actual. out-of-pocket costs paid to Tenant s Auditor for conducting the audit in question.  
      21  

Section 4.06  PILOT Payment . (a) If PILOT Charges for any PILOT Year (or portion
thereof), including the PILOT Year in which the Commencement Date occurs, shall exceed the Base PILOT Amount, Tenant shall pay to Landlord a sum (  Tenant s PILOT Payment  ) equal to Tenant s PILOT Share of the amount by
which PILOT Charges payable for or allocable to such PILOT Year (the first and last of such payments to be prorated in accordance with  Section 4.07(b) ) are greater than the Base PILOT Amount.  
 (b) Landlord may furnish Tenant, prior to the commencement of each PILOT Year, with a written statement (a   PILOT Statement  )
setting forth Landlord s reasonable estimate of Tenant s PILOT Payment for such PILOT Year. Tenant shall pay to Landlord on each Payment Date during such PILOT Year, commencing no sooner than July 1, 2016, an amount equal to 1/12th of
Landlord s estimate of Tenant s PILOT Payment for such PILOT Year. If Landlord has not furnished Tenant with a PILOT Statement for a particular PILOT Year or if Landlord shall furnish any such estimate for a PILOT Year subsequent to the
commencement thereof, then (i) until the first Payment Date following the date on which a PILOT Statement is furnished for such PILOT Year to Tenant, Tenant shall pay to Landlord on each Payment Date an amount equal to the monthly installment
payable by Tenant to Landlord under this  Section 4.06  in respect of the last month of the preceding PILOT Year, and (ii) promptly after any PILOT Statement is furnished to Tenant or together therewith, Landlord shall give notice to
Tenant stating whether the aggregate amount of the installments of Tenant s PILOT Payment previously made for such PILOT Year (if any) is more or less than the aggregate amount of the installments of Tenant s PILOT Payment to be made for
such PILOT Year in accordance with such PILOT Statement, and (x) if there shall be a deficiency, Tenant shall pay the amount thereof within 30 days after demand therefor, or (y) if there shall have been an overpayment, Landlord shall
either refund to Tenant the amount thereof within 30 days after the delivery of such notice, or credit Tenant against the next monthly installment of Rent with the amount of the overpayment, and (z) on the first Payment Date following the date
on which such PILOT Statement is furnished to Tenant, and on each Payment Date thereafter during the remainder of such PILOT Year, Tenant shall pay to Landlord an amount equal to 1/12th of Tenant s PILOT Payment shown on such PILOT Statement.
Landlord may at any time or from time to time furnish to Tenant a revised PILOT Statement and, in such case, Tenant s PILOT Payment for such PILOT Year shall be adjusted and paid or refunded (or credited), as the case may be, substantially in
the same manner as provided in the preceding sentence. Within a reasonable period following the date on which Landlord becomes aware of the actual required Tenant s PILOT Payment for a PILOT Year, Landlord shall give notice to Tenant
(  Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation Notice  ) stating whether the aggregate amount of the installments of the estimated Tenant s PILOT Payment previously made for such PILOT Year is more or less than the actual Tenant s
PILOT Payment required to be made for such PILOT Year, and (I) if there shall be a deficiency, Tenant, shall pay the amount thereof within 30 days after demand therefor, or (II) if there shall have been an overpayment, Landlord shall either
refund to Tenant the amount thereof, within 30 days after the delivery of such Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation Notice, or credit Tenant against the next monthly installment of Rent with the amount of the overpayment. The rights and obligations
of Landlord and Tenant with respect to any Additional Rent owed or to be refunded under this  Section 4.06(b)  shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. At Tenant s request, Landlord shall provide copies of
the PILOT invoices rendered to Landlord by the Ground Lessor for PILOT Charges for any PILOT Year.  
      22  

(c) Landlord s failure to render a PILOT Statement or a Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation
Notice with respect to any PILOT Year at the times contemplated herein shall not prejudice Landlord s right to thereafter render a PILOT Statement or a Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation Notice with respect thereto or with respect to any
subsequent PILOT Year;  provided , that if Landlord shall fail to render a Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation Notice to Tenant with respect to any PILOT Year within 2 years after the later of (i) end of such PILOT Year and (ii) the
date on which PILOT Charges for such PILOT Year is finally determined, then Landlord shall be deemed to have waived any further right to collect an underpayment by Tenant of PILOT Charges for such PILOT Year (but in no event shall the foregoing
relieve Landlord of its obligation to deliver a Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation Notice to Tenant or pay any excess owed to Tenant in accordance with this  Section 4.06 ). Each Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation Notice shall be
conclusive and binding upon Tenant unless within 180 days after receipt thereof Tenant shall notify Landlord that it disputes the correctness of such Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation Notice, specifying those respects in which it is claimed to be
incorrect (it being agreed, however, that Tenant s right to dispute such Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation Notice shall be limited to the arithmetic accuracy thereof, and that, without limitation, Tenant shall have no right to dispute or
contest the assessed value of the Building), and except as so specified, every Landlord s PILOT Reconciliation Notice shall be conclusive and binding upon Tenant.  
 (d) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if the PILOT Charges comprising the Base PILOT Amount are reduced as a result
of an appropriate proceeding or otherwise, such PILOT Charges as so reduced shall for all purposes be deemed to be the Base PILOT Amount and Landlord shall notify Tenant of the amount by which the Tenant s PILOT Payments previously made were
less than the Tenant s PILOT Payments required to be made under this  Section 4.06 , and Tenant shall pay the deficiency within 30 days after demand therefor.  
 (e) If Landlord shall receive a refund of PILOT Charges for any PILOT Year, Landlord shall promptly notify Tenant thereof and shall either pay
to Tenant, or credit against subsequent Rent payable under this Lease, Tenant s PILOT Share of the net refund (after deducting from such total refund the costs and expenses of obtaining the same, including, without limitation, appraisal,
accounting and attorneys fees and disbursements, to the extent that such costs and expenses were not theretofore collected from Tenant for such PILOT Year);  provided , such payment or credit to Tenant shall in no event exceed the PILOT Payment
paid by Tenant for such PILOT Year.    (f) If the PILOT Charges for any PILOT Year shall be reduced by reason of a tenant in the Building
(other than Tenant) being a not for profit or other tax exempt entity, then there shall be included in PILOT Charges for such PILOT Year the amount of PILOT Charges that would have been payable by Landlord if such tenant were not so exempt, and such
PILOT Charges shall be deemed to have been paid by Landlord on the dates on which such PILOT Charges otherwise would have been payable if such tenant were not so exempt (it being the intent of this provision that the benefit of such reduction in
PILOT Charges shall inure solely to such tax exempt tenant and not to other tenants of the Building, and that Tenant s PILOT Payments shall continue to be payable as if such reduction were not in effect).  
      23  

Section 4.07  Prorations of Tenant s Operating Payments and Tenant s PILOT
Payments . (a) If the Rent Commencement Date or the Expiration Date shall occur on a date other than January 1 or December 31, any Additional Rent owed under  Section 4.03  for the first Lease Year or the last Lease Year,
respectively, shall be apportioned in that percentage which the number of days in the period from the Rent Commencement Date to December 31 (with respect to the first Lease Year) or from January 1 to the Expiration Date (with respect to
the last Lease Year), both inclusive, shall bear to the total number of days in such Lease Year (assuming a year of twelve 30-day months).  
 (b) If the Rent Commencement Date or the Expiration Date shall occur on a date other than July 1 or June 30, any Additional Rent
owed under  Section 4.06  for the first PILOT Year or the last PILOT Year, respectively, shall be apportioned in that percentage which the number of days in the period from the Rent Commencement Date to June 30 (with respect to the
first PILOT Year) or from July 1 to the Expiration Date (with respect to the last PILOT Year), both inclusive, shall bear to the total number of days in such PILOT Year (assuming a year of twelve 30-day months).  
 (c) In the event of the expiration or termination of this Lease, any such Additional Rent owed or to be refunded under this  Article 4 
shall be paid within 30 days after submission of an Operating Statement or PILOT Statement, as the case may be, and the rights and obligations of Landlord and Tenant under the provisions of this  Article 4  with respect to any Additional Rent
(including Tenant s rights under  Section 4.05(c)  and  Section 4.06(c)  shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease).  
 Section 4.08  General . Landlord and Tenant confirm that the computations under this  Article 4  are intended to constitute a
formula for agreed rental escalation and may or may not constitute an actual reimbursement to Landlord for PILOT Charges and other costs and expenses incurred by Landlord with respect to the Real Property. If the Building shall be condominiumized,
then Tenant s Operating Payments and PILOT Payments shall, if necessary, be equitably adjusted such that Tenant shall thereafter continue to pay the same share of the PILOT Charges and Operating Expenses of the Building as Tenant would pay in
the absence of such condominimization, but in no event in excess of amounts Tenant would have paid absent such condominimization.    ARTICLE
5    ELECTRICITY  
 Section 5.01  Tenant s Electricity Costs . (a) Subject to  Section 5.02(a) , Landlord or Landlord s
designee shall provide electricity for the Premises on a submetered basis from Landlord or Landlord s designee on the terms and conditions set forth in this  Article 5 . Tenant shall pay to Landlord monthly in accordance with
 Section 5.01(b) , 106% of Tenant s Electricity Costs for electricity used in the Premises.    (b) Landlord shall deliver to
Tenant a monthly bill (  Tenant s Electricity Bill  ) for 106% of Tenant s Electricity Costs for the period commencing with the day following the last day covered in any previous bill (  Electricity Billing
Period  ) delivered by Landlord  
      24  

under this  Section 5.01(b) , and Tenant shall pay as Additional Rent the amount set forth in such bill (  Tenant s Electricity Payment  ) within 30 days after such
bill is delivered to Tenant. At Tenant s request, Landlord shall provide to Tenant a summary of the meter readings for each of Tenant s Submeters and a copy of Landlord s bill for the entire Building (other than portions of the
Building receiving direct electric service) from the applicable utility company for the purpose of permitting Tenant to confirm Landlord s charges for electricity.  
 (c) Landlord s failure to render Tenant s Electricity Bill with respect to any Electricity Billing Period shall not prejudice
Landlord s right to thereafter render Tenant s Electricity Bill with respect to such Electricity Billing Period or with respect to any subsequent Electricity Billing Period.  
 (d) Each Tenant s Electricity Bill shall be conclusive and binding upon Tenant unless within 180 days after receipt thereof Tenant shall
notify Landlord that it disputes the correctness of Tenant s Electricity Bill, specifying those respects in which it is claimed to be incorrect and, except as so specified, the Tenant s Electricity Bill shall be conclusive and binding upon
Tenant. During such 180 day period, Landlord shall provide Tenant with such information relating to the calculation of Tenant s Electricity Payment as Tenant may reasonably request. Any dispute as to which Tenant has timely notified Landlord
pursuant to the above provisions of this  Section 5.01(d)  that is not resolved within 90 days after the giving of such Tenant s Electricity Bill may be submitted for resolution by either Tenant or Landlord by arbitration in
accordance with the provisions of  Section 4.05(e)(ii) , modified as appropriate. If it is determined that Tenant has overpaid or underpaid, then Landlord or Tenant, respectively, shall refund to the other the amount so determined to be due or
owed within 30 days after such determination, which obligation shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease. In lieu of a refund, Landlord may credit Tenant with any amount due it against the next monthly installment of Rent.  
 (e) Landlord shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to select any entity or entities which it desires to have as the
electrical service provider to the Building (including the Premises), so long as such providers provide service suitable for a first class office building in downtown Manhattan and do not charge in substantial excess of then current market rates,
and Tenant shall not have the right to select the same or participate in the selection of the same, except and to the extent that any Legal Requirements mandate that Tenant shall have any such right(s).  
 Section 5.02  Maintenance of Submeters . (a) Landlord shall, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, maintain, repair and
replace, as necessary, Tenant s Submeters.    (b) If at any time during the Term any of Tenant s Submeters are not in working
order, then until the repair of such submeters Tenant shall pay for electrical consumption for such portion of the Premises at a rate based on the average Tenant s Electricity Costs incurred for the remainder of the Premises, or if not
available, based on Tenant s prior usage and demand, in each case as reasonably estimated by Landlord, payable in equal monthly installments on the first day of each month, and Landlord shall promptly repair such submeters.  
 (c) If submetering of electricity in the Building is hereafter prohibited by any Legal Requirements hereinafter enacted, by any order or
ruling of the Public Service  
      25  

Commission of the State of New York, or by any judicial decision of any appropriate court, at the request of Landlord, Tenant shall apply within 20 days to the appropriate public utility company
servicing the Building for direct electric service and shall bear all costs and expenses necessary to comply with all rules and regulations of such public utility company pertinent thereto. Upon the commencement of such direct service, Landlord
and/or the meter company designated by Landlord shall be relieved of any further obligation to furnish electricity to Tenant pursuant to this Lease. Landlord shall permit the existing wires, conduits and electrical equipment used to provide
electricity to the Premises to be used for Tenant s electric service, such that Tenant shall be provided with at least the same service as it had immediately prior to such change. Any additional riser or risers, feeders or service to supply
Tenant s electrical requirements will be installed by Landlord, at the sole cost and expense of Tenant, if in Landlord s reasonable judgment the same are reasonably feasible to install, necessary to Tenant s permitted use and
operation of the Premises and the installation or use thereof will not cause damage or injury to the Building or the Premises, cause or create a dangerous or hazardous condition or interfere with or disturb other tenants or occupants.  
 Section 5.03  Additional Taxes . If any tax is imposed by any Governmental Authority upon Landlord s receipt of moneys from the
furnishing of electricity to Tenant hereunder, Tenant shall pay such taxes to Landlord within 30 days after Landlord s demand therefor ( provided , that Tenant shall not be obligated under the foregoing to pay any income taxes payable by
Landlord to the extent that such income taxes arise from Landlord having profited on the furnishing of electricity to Tenant).  
 Section 5.04  Usage . (a) Tenant s use of electricity in the Premises shall not at any time exceed the capacity of the
electrical conductors and equipment in or otherwise serving the Premises, which Landlord represents is not less than the Available Electric Capacity, nor shall Tenant connect to the Building s electricity distribution system electrical
equipment capable of drawing more than the Available Electric Capacity. Without limiting the foregoing restrictions on Tenant s use of electricity, the Premises are served by vertical risers and electrical conductors which are and will continue
to be capable of supplying to Tenant the Available Electric Capacity.   Available Electric Capacity   means with respect to the Premises, 6 watts of demand load per useable square foot (exclusive of electric power used for Building
HVAC to be supplied to the Premises pursuant to  Section 17.01(a)  of this Lease).    (b) Except as provided herein, Tenant shall
not make or perform, or permit the making or performing of, any Alterations to wiring installations or other electrical facilities in or serving the Premises or add any substantial electrical equipment (other than ordinary and usual office
equipment) in the Premises without complying with all of the applicable provisions of this Lease governing Alterations, including the requirement that Tenant obtain Landlord s prior written approval of the plans and specifications for such
work. Should Landlord grant any such approval, all additional risers or other equipment required therefor (including additions to or the rewiring of Tenant s Submeters) shall be installed by Tenant at Tenant s sole cost and in accordance
with all of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease, including the provisions of  Article 14 .  
      26  

Section 5.05  Failure or Defect in Supply . Landlord shall not be liable in any way to
Tenant for any failure or defect in the supply or character of electricity furnished to Tenant by reason of any requirement, act or omission of the public utility or other provider furnishing the Premises with electricity or for any other reason,
other than to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord, its agents or its employees.  
 Section 5.06  Replacement of Lamps and Bulbs . Tenant, at Tenant s expense or, at Tenant s option, Landlord, at
Tenant s expense, shall furnish and install all replacement lighting tubes, lamps, bulbs and ballasts which Tenant shall require in the Premises. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any work or services to be performed or
supplied under this  Section 5.06  with respect to the replacement of ballasts or wiring may only be performed and supplied by a licensed electrician approved by Landlord (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) or by the
lighting contractor designated by Landlord for the Building.    ARTICLE 6  
 USE OF PREMISES  
 Section 6.01  Permitted Uses . The Premises shall be used and occupied by Tenant (and its permitted subtenants) solely as general,
executive and administrative offices (and, incidental thereto, such ancillary uses in connection therewith as shall be reasonably required by Tenant in the operation of its business, such as a pantry, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever);
 provided , that in no event shall the Premises be used for any of the Prohibited Uses or any other use prohibited under this Lease.  
 Section 6.02  Prohibited Uses . (a) Tenant shall not use or occupy the Premises or any part thereof, or permit or suffer the
Premises or any part thereof to be used or occupied for any of the following (collectively, the   Prohibited Uses  ): (i) a retail banking, trust company, or safe deposit business (for purposes of this Lease, the term
  retail   shall refer to a business whose primary patronage are customers visiting the Premises in person), (ii) a retail savings bank, a retail savings and loan association, or a retail loan company, (iii) the retail sale
of travelers  checks and/or foreign exchange, (iv) a retail securities brokerage office or for securities brokerage purposes, (v) a restaurant, bar or for the sale of food or beverages, (vi) photographic reproductions and/or
offset printing (except that Tenant may use part of the Premises for photographic reproduction, solely in connection with its own business), (vii) an employment or travel agency, (viii) a school or classroom;  provided , that Tenant
(and any subtenants and licensees) shall be permitted to conduct training ancillary and incidental to the Primary Office Use, (ix) medical or psychiatric offices, (x) conduct of an auction, (xi) gambling activities, (xii) conduct
of obscene, pornographic or similar disreputable activities, (xiii) offices of any stock exchange or for any purpose by any stock exchange, offices of any agency, department or bureau of the United States Government, any state or municipality
within the United States or any foreign government, or any political subdivision of any of them, (xiv) offices of any charitable, religious, union or other not-for-profit organization, (xv) offices of any tax exempt entity within the
meaning of Section 168(h)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor or substitute statute, or rule or regulation applicable thereto, (xvi) a  
      27  

barber shop, beauty salon or manicure shop, (xvii) offices of a public utility company, (xviii) as reservation center(s) for airlines or travel agencies, (xix) for clerical support
services or offices of public stenographers or public typists, (xx) for any purpose by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or for a trading floor or headquarter facilities for the New York Stock Exchange, or (xxi) for any purpose that
would require a change in the certificate of occupancy for the Building.    (b) The Premises shall not be used for any unlawful business or
purpose or in an unlawful manner or for any dangerous or noxious trade or business, or for any purpose which would lower the first-class character of the Building, create unreasonable or excessive elevator or floor loads, impair or interfere with
any of the Building operations or the proper and economic heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, cleaning, repair, maintenance, operation or other servicing of the Building and/or its systems, facilities and equipment, constitute a public or
private nuisance, unreasonably interfere with, annoy or disturb any other tenant or Landlord, or impair the appearance of the Building, or for any purpose or in any way in violation of the certificates of occupancy for the Building in effect from
time to time during the Term or of any Legal Requirements, or of any Superior Instrument, or which may make void or voidable any insurance then in force on the Building. Tenant shall take, immediately upon the discovery of any such prohibited use,
all necessary steps, legal and equitable, to compel the discontinuance of such use (including exercising all of its rights and remedies against any subtenants that may be responsible for such use).  
 (c) Tenant shall not suffer or permit the Premises or any portion thereof to be used by the public without restriction or in such manner as
might reasonably tend to impair title to the Building or any portion thereof, or in such manner as might reasonably make possible a claim or claims of adverse usage or adverse possession by the public, as such, or of implied dedication of the
Building or any portion thereof.    (d) If any licenses, permits and/or authorizations of any Governmental Authorities shall be required for
the proper and lawful conduct in the Premises or any part thereof of the business of Tenant (or any Person claiming by, through or under Tenant), then Tenant, at its expense, shall duly procure and thereafter maintain such licenses, permits and
authorizations and submit the same to Landlord for inspection. Tenant shall at all times comply with the terms and conditions of each such license, permit and authorization. Landlord, at Tenant s expense, shall reasonably cooperate with any
reasonable requests of Tenant in connection with obtaining any such licenses, permits and authorizations. Landlord shall at all times maintain a certificate of occupancy permitting office use in the Premises.  
 (e) Tenant shall not at any time use or occupy the Premises or the Building, or suffer or permit anyone to use or occupy, the Premises, or do
anything in the Premises, Land or the Building, or permit anything to be done in the Premises, in any manner (i) which violates the restrictions as to use and occupancy set forth in this  Article 6 , (ii) which causes or will cause
injury to the Building or any equipment, facilities or systems therein, (iii) which constitutes a violation of any Legal Requirements or Insurance Requirements, or (iv) which violates any of Tenant s other obligations under this
Lease.  
      28  

Section 6.03  Special Permits . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
 Article 6  or elsewhere in this Lease, neither the Premises, nor any part thereof, shall be used, without the prior consent of Landlord and the Ground Lessor, for any purpose which would require a  special permit  as such term is
defined in the Zoning Resolution.    ARTICLE 7  
 INTENTIONALLY OMITTED    ARTICLE 8
   SUBORDINATION AND CONSENT OF SUPERIOR PARTIES  
 Section 8.01  Subordination .  
 (a) This Lease is subject and subordinate to each mortgage (a   Superior Mortgage  ) and each underlying lease (a
  Superior Lease  ), including, without limitation, the Ground Lease, which may now or hereafter affect all or any portion of the Project or any interest therein. The lessor under a Superior Lease is called a   Superior
Lessor   and the mortgagee under a Superior Mortgage is called a   Superior Mortgagee  . Tenant shall execute, acknowledge and deliver any instrument reasonably requested by Landlord, a Superior Lessor or Superior Mortgagee to
evidence such subordination, but no such instrument shall be necessary to make such subordination effective. Tenant shall execute any amendment of this Lease requested by a Superior Mortgagee or a Superior Lessor;  provided , that such
amendment shall not result in (x) an increase in Tenant s monetary obligations under this Lease or (y) except to a de minimis extent, an increase in Tenant s non-monetary obligations under this Lease or a reduction in the
benefits available to Tenant under this Lease. In the event of the enforcement by a Superior Mortgagee of the remedies provided for by law or by such Superior Mortgage, or in the event of the termination or expiration of a Superior Lease, Tenant,
upon the election of such Superior Mortgagee, Superior Lessor or any person succeeding to the interest of such mortgagee or lessor (each, a   Successor Landlord  ), shall attorn to, or enter into a direct lease on identical terms with
such Successor Landlord for the balance of the unexpired term of this Lease;  provided , that any Successor Landlord shall not be (i) liable for any act, omission or default of any prior landlord (including, without limitation, Landlord);
(ii) liable for the return of any monies paid to or on deposit with any prior landlord (including, without limitation, Landlord), except to the extent such monies or deposits are delivered to such Successor Landlord; (iii) subject to any
offset, claims or defense that Tenant might have against any prior landlord (including, without limitation, Landlord); (iv) bound by any Rent which Tenant might have paid for more than the current month to any prior landlord (including, without
limitation, Landlord) unless actually received by such Successor Landlord; (v) bound by any covenant to perform or complete any construction in connection with the Project or the Premises or to pay any sums to Tenant in connection therewith; or
(vi) bound by any waiver or forbearance under, or any amendment, modification, abridgement, cancellation or surrender of, this Lease made without the consent of such Successor Landlord. Upon request by such Successor Landlord, Tenant shall
execute and deliver an instrument or instruments, reasonably requested by such Successor Landlord, confirming the attornment provided for herein, but no such instrument shall be necessary to make such attornment effective.  
      29  

(b) Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of each Superior Lessor and each Superior
Mortgagee, pay Rent for more than one month in advance of the due date therefor.    (c) If the Ground Lease is terminated, upon the request
of the Ground Lessor, Tenant shall promptly deliver to Ground Lessor (i)  as built  drawings of any construction, alteration, renovation and/or restoration work performed or caused to be performed by Tenant in the Premises or any part
thereof, to the extent in Tenant s possession or otherwise reasonable obtainable by Tenant, (ii) if any construction, alteration, renovation and/or restoration work by Tenant with respect to the Premises or any part thereof is then
proposed or in progress, Tenant s drawings and specifications, if any, for such work, and (iii) if any construction, alteration, renovation and/or restoration work by Landlord for Tenant with respect to the Premises or any part thereof was
performed or is then proposed or in progress, the  as built  drawings, if any, or the drawings and specifications, if any, as the case may be, for such work in Tenant s possession.  
 (d) This Lease and Tenant s rights hereunder shall also be subject and subordinate to (i) the Project Operating Agreement and the
Port Authority Easement Agreement as the same hereafter may be modified, amended, extended or renewed from time to time, and the other matters to which the Ground Lease is or shall be subordinate; and (ii) any rights, privileges or easements
now or hereafter granted to any utility companies or others pursuant to the Ground Lease or in order to obtain or provide for utilities or services from utility companies or others and/or access or means of ingress and egress to the Land and/or the
Building.    (e) Any interest to which this Lease is subject and subordinate is herein called a   Superior Interest   the
instrument creating or evidencing a Superior Interest is herein called a   Superior Instrument   and the holder of a Superior Interest is herein called a   Superior Party  . Tenant shall not omit to do anything that
Tenant is obligated to do under the terms of this Lease so as to cause Landlord to be in default under any Superior Instrument. Landlord represents to Tenant that, as of the date of this Lease, Landlord has not received any written notice of default
that remains outstanding beyond applicable notice and cure periods from any Superior Party.    Section 8.02  Notice to Superior
Mortgagees . If any act or omission of Landlord would give Tenant the right, immediately or after lapse of a period of time, to cancel or terminate this Lease, to an abatement of Rent, or to claim a partial or total eviction, Tenant shall not
exercise such right (a) until it has given notice of such act or omission to Landlord and to each Superior Mortgagee whose name and address shall previously have been furnished to Tenant, and (b) until a reasonable period for remedying
such act or omission shall have elapsed following the giving of such notice and following the time when such Superior Mortgagee shall have become entitled under such Superior Mortgage to remedy the same (which reasonable period, if required by any
Superior Mortgagee, shall in no event be less than the period to which Landlord would be entitled under this Lease or otherwise, after similar notice, to effect such remedy);  provided , that such Superior Mortgagee shall, following its receipt
of such notice from Tenant, with due diligence (i) give Tenant notice of intention to remedy such act or omission and (ii) commence  
      30  

and continue to remedy such act or omission to the extent it is able to do so without possession of the Building, and if unable to do so without possession, seek possession, directly or through a
receiver, and upon obtaining possession of the Building, commence and continue to remedy such act or omission.    Section 8.03
 Consent of Others . If, pursuant to the terms of this Lease Tenant must obtain the consent or approval of Landlord, and the matter for which Tenant is seeking such consent or approval requires Landlord to obtain the consent of any Superior
Party, then in the event Landlord is contemplating granting such consent or approval or in the event Landlord is obligated under this Lease, in light of the relevant facts and circumstances, to grant such consent or approval, Landlord shall forward
a copy of Tenant s request for such consent or approval, together with any relevant documents Landlord deems appropriate, to such Superior Party, and shall use Landlord s reasonable efforts to obtain the consent or approval of such
Superior Party,  provided , that any actual, out-of-pocket cost incurred by Landlord in obtaining or in attempting to obtain such consent (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees) shall be paid for by Tenant. If such
Superior Party refuses to grant such consent or approval, and, as a result thereof Landlord withholds its consent to Tenant s request therefor, such withholding by Landlord shall not be deemed to be an unreasonable refusal to grant such consent
or approval.    ARTICLE 9  
 QUIET ENJOYMENT  
 Section 9.01  Covenant of Quiet Enjoyment . So long as this Lease is in full force and effect, and there shall be no Event of
Default hereunder, Tenant shall peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the Premises, subject nevertheless to the terms and conditions of this Lease. This covenant shall be construed as a covenant running with the Premises, but not, subject to
 Section 25.02 , as a personal covenant of Landlord, except to the extent of Landlord s interest in this Lease and the Premises and for only so long as such interest shall continue, and thereafter this covenant shall be binding only upon
subsequent successors in interest of Landlord s interest in this Lease and the Premises to the extent of their respective interests, as and when they shall acquire the same and only for so long as they shall retain such interest.  
 ARTICLE 10    ASSIGNMENT,
SUBLETTING AND MORTGAGES    Section 10.01  Consent Required . (a) Subject to the further provisions of this  Article
10 , neither this Lease nor the term and estate hereby granted, nor any part hereof or thereof, shall be assigned, mortgaged, pledged, encumbered or otherwise transferred voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise (nor shall any
of Tenant s duties hereunder be delegated, including the duty to make payments hereunder to Landlord), and neither the Premises, nor any part thereof, shall be subleased, licensed, used or occupied by any person or entity other than Tenant or
be encumbered in any manner by reason of any act or omission on the part of Tenant, and no rents or other sums receivable by Tenant under any sublease of all or any part of the Premises shall be assigned or otherwise encumbered without the prior
consent of Landlord. The  
      31  

dissolution or direct or indirect transfer of control of Tenant and/or its direct or any remote parent (however accomplished, including, by way of example only, the admission of new partners or
members or withdrawal of existing partners or members, or transfers of interests in distributions of profits or losses of Tenant and/or its parent, transfer of stock, issuance of additional stock, redemption of stock, stock voting agreement, or
change in classes of stock and including, without limitation, and by way of example only, the transfer of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of a company, which company owns 100% of a second tier company, which in turn owns 51% of the
outstanding capital stock of a corporate tenant under this Lease) shall be deemed an assignment of this Lease regardless of whether the transfer is made by one or more transactions, or whether one or more persons or entities hold the controlling
interest prior to the transfer or afterwards. An agreement under which another person or entity becomes responsible for all or a portion of Tenant s obligations under this Lease shall be deemed an assignment of this Lease. No assignment or
other transfer of this Lease and the term and estate hereby granted, and no subletting of all or any portion of the Premises shall relieve Tenant of the obligation to obtain Landlord s prior consent to any further assignment, other transfer or
subletting. Any assignment or sublet in violation of this  Article 10  shall be void and of no force or effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as Tenant is a partnership, changes in the partners of Tenant in the ordinary course of
Tenant s business by reason of the death, withdrawal, termination, retirement, resignation, bankruptcy or adjudication of incompetency of one or more partners or the admission of new partners (any of the foregoing being referred to as a
  Partnership Event  ) shall not be deemed an assignment of this Lease, and shall not require the consent of Landlord, unless such Partnership Event (i) occurs as a result of or in connection with any event described in clauses
(i) or (ii) in  Section 10.01(b)  (in which case the provisions of  Section 10.01(b)  shall be applicable), or (ii) shall be effected in order to circumvent the prohibition upon the assignment of Tenant s
interest in this Lease without Landlord s consent as provided in this  Article 10 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the transfer of the outstanding equity interests of Tenant by persons or parties though the
 over the counter market  or through any recognized securities exchange or pursuant to an initial public offering (other than those deemed  insiders  within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) shall
not be deemed an assignment of this Lease.    (a) Notwithstanding  Section 10.01(a) , without the consent of Landlord, and without
being subject to    Sections 10.08   ,  10.09 ,  10.11(b)  or  10.12 , this Lease may be assigned to (i) an entity (a   Successor Entity  ) created by merger, reorganization or recapitalization of or
with Tenant or (ii) a purchaser of all or substantially all of Tenant s assets or any other change in control of Tenant;  provided , that in the case of both  clause (i)  and  clause (ii) , that (A) Landlord shall
have received a notice of such assignment within 5 days following such event, (B) the assignee assumes by written instrument reasonably satisfactory to Landlord all of Tenant s obligations under this Lease (or Tenant has delivered to
Landlord evidence, satisfactory to Landlord, that such assumption has occurred by operation of law), (C) such assignment is for an independent valid business purpose not primarily designed to effectuate an assignment of this Lease and not to
avoid any obligations under this Lease, and (D) the assignee shall have, immediately after giving effect to such assignment, an aggregate net worth (computed in accordance with GAAP) at least equal to the aggregate net worth (as so computed) of
Tenant immediately prior to such assignment and proof of such net worth shall be provided to Landlord within 5 days following the effective date of such event (the   Net Worth Test  ).  
      32  

(b) Notwithstanding  Section 10.01(a) , Tenant shall have the right to permit the use
and occupancy of up to 10% of the Rentable Square Feet of the Premises without the consent of Landlord ( provided , that Tenant shall give Landlord notice in accordance with  Article 31 ), and  provided further , that the use of any
Desk Space complies with the following provisions:    (i) the occupants of any Desk Space shall be attorneys engaged in the
practice of law, accountants, financial advisors or other users of a type and quality consistent with the existing tenants and occupants of the Building from time to time who have an ongoing business relationship with Tenant or an Affiliate of
Tenant (  Permitted Occupants      (ii) the occupants of any Desk Space enter into license agreements (the
  Permitted License Agreements  ) for the use of desk space (  Desk Space  ) on an incidental basis;  
 (iii) any such use or occupancy of any Desk Space shall be without the installation of any separate entrance;  
 (iv) the use of such Desk Space by the Permitted Occupants shall not create beyond a de minimis extent an increase in traffic
in the use of the common areas of the Building over the amount of such traffic that would be generated if Tenant itself occupied such Desk Space;  
 (v) no Permitted License Agreement shall be for a term ending later than one day prior to the Expiration Date;  
 (vi) a Permitted Occupant may not assign its rights under its Permitted License Agreement or further sublet or license the
space that is the subject of the Permitted License Agreement;    (vii) each Permitted License Agreement shall be subject and
subordinate to all of the terms, covenants, conditions and provisions of this Lease;    (viii) neither the Permitted License
Agreement nor the Permitted Occupant s use and occupancy of a portion of the Premises thereunder shall be deemed to create a tenancy or any other interest in the Premises except a revocable license granted by Tenant which shall cease and expire
automatically without notice upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease;    (ix) all acts, omissions and
operations of the Permitted Occupants shall be deemed acts, omissions and operations of Tenant;    (x) no Permitted Occupants
shall perform any Alterations to any Desk Space;  
      33  

(xi) Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a notice prior to any such occupancy
advising Landlord of the name of such Permitted Occupant, his relationship to Tenant and the character and nature of the business to be conducted by the Permitted Occupant in the Premises, the location of the area within the Premises to be occupied
and the expected duration of the same, and a copy of any executed Permitted License Agreement with the Permitted Occupant with respect to the Premises; and  
 (xii) Tenant shall, within 10 days after receipt of notice from Landlord, revoke the Permitted License Agreement of any
Permitted Occupant in the event that Landlord notifies Tenant that, in Landlord s reasonable discretion, such Permitted Occupant is not a user of a type and quality consistent with the existing tenants and occupants of the Building or does not
meet the requirements of the use provisions of  Article 6  of this Lease (any such notice, a   Revocation Notice    provided , that, Landlord shall provide Tenant with such Revocation Notice within 15 days of receipt of
written notice of such Permitted Occupant pursuant to this  Section 10.01(c) , and, in connection therewith, Tenant shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Landlord from and against any and all loss, liability, damages, costs and
expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements) resulting from any claims that may be made against Landlord by any Permitted Occupant or by any brokers or other persons claiming a commission or similar
compensation in connection with such Permitted License Agreement. The foregoing indemnity shall be governed by the provisions of  Section 26.01  of this Lease.  
 Section 10.02  Affiliate Transactions; No Partial Assignments .  
 (a) Provided no Event of Default shall exist, Tenant shall have the right, upon 10 Business Days  prior notice to Landlord, but without
Landlord s consent, to assign all of Tenant s interest in this Lease, or to sublet all or a portion of the Premises to any Affiliate of Tenant (subject, however, to all of the other terms of this  Article 10 , including
 Section 10.02(b)  and  Sections 10.03  and  10.04 , but other than  Sections 10.8 ,  10.9  and  10.12 );  provided , that (i) in the case of an assignment, the assignee assumes by written instrument
reasonably satisfactory to Landlord all of Tenant s obligations under this Lease, and (ii) no assignment or transfer of interest in this Lease to an Affiliate shall be permitted where the primary purpose of such assignment or transfer of
interest is to transfer the estate hereby granted or to permit occupancy of the Premises to or by a third party in avoidance of the prohibition on assignment, transfer or use and occupancy contained in this  Article 10 ). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if at any time thereafter the assignee or sublessee shall cease to be an Affiliate of Tenant, then Tenant shall be required to obtain Landlord s consent to the continuation of such assignment or subletting as provided herein.  
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein that may be construed to the contrary, (i) no partial assignments of this Lease, or any of
Tenant s rights or options under this Lease, shall be permitted, and (ii) none of Tenant s rights or options under this Lease may be assigned except to the assignee under an assignment of this Lease permitted hereunder (and then only
to the extent the provisions of this Lease do not limit the benefits of, and/or the right to exercise, any such rights or options to the Tenant named in this Lease or its Successor Entity).  
 (c) For purposes of this Lease, any Affiliate of Tenant may use or occupy the Premises with Tenant without entering into a sublease with
Tenant and, in any such event, shall be deemed to be a corporate division or department of Tenant and not a separate entity (provided that (x) Landlord shall be given not less than 10 days prior written notice of such occupancy arrangement
accompanied by reasonable evidence of such Affiliate relationship, and (y) the cessation of such Affiliate relationship while such occupancy is continuing shall be deemed a transaction to which all of the terms of this  Article 10  shall
apply); and accordingly, such Affiliate shall not be entitled to recognition by Landlord as a subtenant. Tenant shall be fully responsible for any defaults or Events of Default caused by or due to any act or omission of such Affiliate.  
      34  

Section 10.03  No Release . If this Lease is assigned, whether or not in violation of
the provisions of this Lease, Landlord may collect rent from the assignee. If the Premises or any part thereof are sublet or used or occupied by anybody other than Tenant, whether or not in violation of this Lease, Landlord may, if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, collect rent from the subtenant or occupant. In either event, Landlord shall apply the net amount collected to the Rent herein reserved, but no such assignment, subletting, occupancy or collection shall be
deemed a waiver of any of the provisions of this  Article 10 , or the acceptance of the assignee, subtenant or occupant as a subtenant or the tenant hereunder, or a release of Tenant from the performance of its obligations under this Lease. The
consent by Landlord to the assignment, subletting or use or occupancy by others of the Premises shall not in any way be considered to relieve Tenant (or any Subtenant) from obtaining the express written consent of Landlord to any other or further
assignment, subletting or use or occupancy not expressly permitted by this  Article 10 . Consent to any assignment and/or further subletting by a subtenant shall be granted or denied by Landlord using the same standards as applicable to a
similar request therefor by Tenant hereunder. References in this Lease to use or occupancy by others (that is, by anyone other than Tenant) shall not be construed as limited to use or occupancy by subtenants and those claiming under or through
subtenants, but as also including use or occupancy by licensees, concessionaires, operators and others claiming any right of use or occupancy, immediately or remotely, or claiming any other right of possession or occupancy (all such Persons are each
herein referred to as a   Subtenant  ).    Section 10.04  Assignments, Subleasing and Other Transfers . Except in
connection with an assignment to a Successor Entity where Tenant has delivered evidence, satisfactory to Landlord, that such assumption has occurred by operation of law (as set forth in  Section 10.01(b) ), any assignment, whether made with
Landlord s consent or without Landlord s consent, shall be made only if, and shall not be effective until, the assignee shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Landlord an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Landlord, whereby the assignee shall unconditionally assume the obligations to be performed by Tenant under this Lease and whereby the assignee shall agree that the provisions in  Article 10  shall, notwithstanding such assignment or transfer,
continue to be binding upon it including in respect of all future assignments, subleases and other transfers. Notwithstanding any assignment, subletting or other transfer, whether or not in violation of the provisions of this Lease, and
notwithstanding the acceptance of any Rent by Landlord from an assignee, subtenant, transferee, or any other party, and notwithstanding any amendment or modification of this Lease subsequent to the date of any assignment, the original-named Tenant,
and each assignee thereof  
      35  

shall remain jointly and severally liable for the payment of all Rent and all other sums due under this Lease and for the other obligations of this Lease on the part of Tenant to be performed or
observed throughout the Term.    Section 10.05  Obligations of Tenant Unaffected by Assignment . The liability of Tenant and any
immediate or remote assignee or successor in interest of Tenant for the due performance of the obligations of this Lease on Tenant s part to be performed or observed (a) shall be joint and several, (b) shall not be discharged,
released or impaired in any respect by any agreement or stipulation made by Landlord extending the time of, or modifying any of the obligations of, this Lease, or by any waiver or failure of Landlord to enforce any of the obligations of this Lease
and (c) shall not be impaired or otherwise affected by any event, proceeding, action or failure to act, with or without notice to, or the knowledge or consent of, Tenant or any such immediate or remote assignee or successor in interest of
Tenant, including (i) any waiver, consent, indulgence, forbearance, lack of diligence, action or inaction on the part of Landlord in enforcing this Lease; or (ii) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation,
rehabilitation or similar or dissimilar proceeding involving or affecting any immediate or remote (x) successor-in-interest of Tenant, or (y) assignee of Tenant s interest in this Lease, including any termination or rejection of this
Lease in connection with such proceedings (and any limitation on the liability of any assignee in such proceeding shall not diminish or limit the liability of Tenant or any other immediate or remote assignee or successor in interest of Tenant), and
in the event any assignee shall become a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code, Tenant shall have no right of subrogation as against such assignee.  
 Section 10.06  Tenant Liable for Subtenant . Each sublease pursuant to this  Article 10  shall expressly be subject to all of
the covenants, agreements, terms, provisions and conditions contained in this Lease. Tenant shall be fully liable for all acts and omissions of any Subtenant or anyone claiming under or through any Subtenant that shall be in violation of any of the
obligations of this Lease, and any such violation shall be deemed to be a violation by Tenant.    Section 10.07  Listings of No
Effect . The listing of any name other than, or in addition to, that of Tenant, whether on the doors of the Premises or the directory for the Building, or otherwise, shall not operate to vest any right or interest in this Lease or in the
Premises, nor shall it be deemed to be the consent of Landlord to any assignment, subletting or other transfer of this Lease or to any sublease of the Premises or any part thereof or to the use or occupancy thereof by others.  
 Section 10.08  Notice to Landlord . (a) If Tenant desires to assign this Lease or sublet all or part of the Premises (other
than an assignment or sublease that does not require Landlord s consent in accordance with  Sections 10.01(b)  or  10.02 ), Tenant shall give to Landlord notice (  Tenant s Offer Notice  ) thereof, specifying
(i) in the case of a proposed subletting, the location, configuration and size of the space to be sublet and the term of the subletting of such space, (ii) (A) in the case of a proposed assignment, Tenant s good faith offer of
the consideration Tenant desires to receive or pay for such assignment or (B) in the case of a proposed subletting, Tenant s good faith offer of the fixed annual rent and additional rent which Tenant desires to receive for such proposed
subletting (including the manner in which Tenant desires to be reimbursed for Tenant s Operating Payment, Tenant s PILOT Payment (including  
      36  

any applicable base years) and electricity), any free rent periods, work contributions and allowances, all other contributions and allowances, and other concessions Tenant is willing to give, and
(C) all other economic and financial terms that Tenant proposes be included in the transaction and (iii) the proposed assignment or sublease commencement date.  
 (b) Tenant s Offer Notice shall be deemed an offer from Tenant to Landlord whereby Landlord (or Landlord s designee) may, at
Landlord s option, (i) sublease such space from Tenant (if the proposed transaction is a sublease of all or part of the Premises), (ii) have this Lease assigned to Landlord (or Landlord s designee) or terminate this Lease (if the
proposed transaction is an assignment or a sublease of all or substantially all of the Premises for all or substantially all of the remainder of the Term), or (iii) terminate this Lease with respect to the space covered by the proposed sublease
(if the proposed transaction is a sublease of part of the Premises for all or substantially all of the remainder of the Term). Such options may be exercised by Landlord by notice to Tenant within 30 days after a Tenant s Offer Notice, together
with all information required pursuant to  Section 10.08(a) , shall have been given by Tenant to Landlord.    (c) If Landlord
exercises its option under  Section 10.08(b)(ii)  to terminate this Lease, then this Lease shall terminate on the proposed assignment or sublease commencement date specified in the applicable Tenant s Offer Notice and all Rent shall
be paid and apportioned to such date, and Landlord and Tenant shall have no further obligation or liability to the other hereunder other than with respect to obligations that expressly survive expiration or termination of this Lease, and liabilities
that accrued, or relate to, periods, prior to such termination and Tenant s obligation to vacate the Premises in accordance with the terms of this Lease.  
 (d) If Landlord exercises its option under  Section 10.08(b)(ii)  to have this Lease assigned to it (or its designee), then Tenant
shall assign this Lease to Landlord (or Landlord s designee) by an assignment in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Landlord and Tenant, effective on the date that is the proposed assignment or sublease commencement date specified in
the applicable Tenant s Offer Notice, and Tenant shall, during the term of such assignment, be relieved of all of Tenant s obligations relating to the period subsequent to the effective date of such assignment other than any obligations
that Tenant has agreed to remain liable for in the applicable Tenant s Offer Notice, for which Tenant shall continue to be liable. Tenant shall not be entitled to consideration or payment from Landlord (or Landlord s designee) in
connection with any such assignment. If the Tenant s Offer Notice provides that Tenant will pay any consideration or grant any concessions in connection with the proposed assignment or sublease, then Tenant shall pay such consideration and/or
grant any such concessions to Landlord (or Landlord s designee) on the date Tenant assigns this Lease to Landlord (or Landlord s designee).  
 (e) If Landlord exercises its option under  Section 10.08(b)(iii)  to terminate this Lease with respect to the space covered by a
proposed sublease, then (i) this Lease shall terminate with respect to such part of the Premises on the effective date of the proposed sublease; (ii) from and after such date the Rent shall be adjusted, based upon the proportion that the
Rentable Square Footage of the Premises remaining bears to the total Rentable Square Feet of the Premises; and (iii) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, after demand, the actual, out-of-pocket costs incurred by Landlord in demising separately such
part of the Premises and in complying with any Legal Requirements relating to such demise.  
      37  

(f) If Landlord exercises its option under  Section 10.08(b)(i)  to sublet the space
Tenant desires to sublet, such sublease to Landlord or its designee (as subtenant) shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Landlord at the rental set forth in the applicable Tenant s Offer Notice with respect to such sublet
space, and shall be for the term set forth in the applicable Tenant s Offer Notice, and:    (i) shall be subject to all
of the terms and conditions of this Lease except such as are irrelevant or inapplicable, and except as otherwise expressly set forth to the contrary in this  Section 10.08(f) ;  
 (ii) shall be upon the same terms and conditions as those contained in the applicable Tenant s Offer Notice and otherwise
on the terms and conditions of this Lease, including, without limitation, an indemnity by Landlord or its designee to the same extent as the indemnity by Tenant in Article 26, except such as are irrelevant or inapplicable and except as otherwise
expressly set forth to the contrary in this  Section 10.08(f) ;    (iii) shall permit the sublessee, without
Tenant s consent, freely to assign such sublease or any interest therein or to sublet all or any part of the space covered by such sublease and to make any and all alterations and improvements in the space covered by such sublease;  
 (iv) shall provide that any assignee or further subtenant of Landlord or its designee may, at the election of Landlord, make
alterations, decorations and installations in such space or any part thereof, any or all of which may be removed, in whole or in part, by such assignee or subtenant, at its option, prior to or upon the expiration or other termination of such
sublease;  provided , that (1) such assignee or subtenant, at its expense, shall repair any damage caused by such removal, and (2) if the term of such sublease is less than substantially all of the remaining Term, then any such
alterations and installations shall require Tenant s consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, unless such assignee or subtenant agrees to remove same at the end of the term of such sublease and return the space to
substantially its condition before the commencement of the term of such sublease, ordinary wear and tear excepted, in which event no such consent shall be required;  
 (v) shall provide that (1) the parties to such sublease expressly negate any intention that any estate created under such
sublease be merged with any other estate held by either of such parties, (2) any assignment or subletting by Landlord or its designee (as the subtenant) may be for any purpose or purposes that Landlord shall deem appropriate, (3) Landlord,
at Tenant s expense (unless otherwise provided in Tenant s Offer Notice), may make such alterations as may be required or deemed necessary by Landlord to demise separately the subleased space and to comply with any Legal Requirements
relating to such demise, and (4) at the expiration of the term of such sublease, Tenant shall accept the space covered by such sublease in its then existing condition, subject to the obligations of the sublessee to make such repairs thereto as
may be necessary to preserve such space in good order and condition; and    (vi) shall provide that (1) any failure of
Landlord (or its designee or subtenant) to comply with the provisions of such sublease, other than with respect to the payment of rental to Tenant, shall not constitute a default on the part of Landlord (or its designee or subtenant) thereunder and
shall not constitute a default on the part of Tenant hereunder and (2) if and to the extent that the subtenant under such sublease fails to pay to Tenant any amount that such subtenant is required to pay with respect to such space, then Tenant
may credit such amount against Tenant s Rent obligations under this Lease.  
      38  

Tenant shall have no responsibility for, or liability to, Landlord or any other person with respect to, any act
or omission of the subtenant under such sublease, or any assignee or further subtenant, and no such act or omission shall constitute or give rise to a default under this Lease.  
 (g) In the case of a proposed sublease, Tenant shall not sublet any space to a third party at a rental which is less (on a net effective per
rentable square foot basis considering all relevant factors) than 92.5 % of the rental (on a net effective per rentable square foot basis considering all relevant factors) specified in Tenant s Offer Notice with respect to such space,
without complying once again with all of the provisions of this  Section 10.08  (including the giving of a new Tenant s Offer Notice to Landlord) and re-offering such space to Landlord at such lower rental. In the case of a proposed
assignment, Tenant shall not assign this Lease to a third party where Tenant pays greater consideration or grants a greater concession to such third party for such assignment than 107.5 % of the consideration offered to be paid or concession
offered to be granted to Landlord in Tenant s Offer Notice, without complying once again with all of the provisions of this  Section 10.08  (including the giving of a new Tenant s Offer Notice to Landlord) and re-offering to assign
this Lease to Landlord and pay such consideration or grant such concession to Landlord. If Tenant delivers to Landlord a Tenant s Offer Notice with respect to any proposed assignment of this Lease or subletting of all or part of the Premises
(other than an assignment or sublease that does not require Landlord s consent in accordance with  Sections 10.01(b)  or  10.02 ), and Landlord does not timely exercise any of its options under this  Section 10.08 , and
Tenant thereafter fails to deliver a Transfer Notice within 180 days after the giving of such Tenant s Offer Notice, then Tenant must comply once again with all of the provisions of this  Section 10.08  and re-offer the space to
Landlord.    Section 10.09  Assignment and Subletting Procedures . (a) If Tenant delivers to Landlord a Tenant s Offer
Notice with respect to any proposed assignment of this Lease or subletting of all or part of the Premises (other than an assignment or sublease that does not require Landlord s consent in accordance with  Sections 10.01(b)  or
 10.02 ), and Landlord does not timely exercise any of its options under  Section 10.08 , and Tenant thereafter desires to assign this Lease or sublet the space specified in Tenant s Offer Notice, Tenant shall notify Landlord (a
  Transfer Notice  ) of such desire, which Transfer Notice shall contain Tenant s request for Landlord s consent to such assignment or subletting and shall be accompanied by (1) a fully executed original counterpart of
the proposed assignment or sublease, and of all related agreements, the effective date of which shall be at least 20 days after the giving of the Transfer Notice, (2) a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the identity of the proposed
assignee or subtenant, the  
      39  

nature of its business and its proposed use of the Premises, (3) current financial information with respect to the proposed assignee or subtenant, including, without limitation, its most
recent financial statements (which shall have been audited by a reputable accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to Landlord) and (4) such other information as Landlord may reasonably request, and Landlord s consent to the proposed
assignment or sublease shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,  provided  that:    (i) such Transfer Notice shall
be delivered to Landlord within 180 days after the delivery to Landlord of the applicable Tenant s Offer Notice (or simultaneously therewith);  
 (ii) in Landlord s reasonable judgment, the proposed assignee or subtenant is engaged in a business and the Premises will
be used in a manner which (1) are in keeping with the standards of a first-class office building in downtown Manhattan, (2) are limited to the uses permitted under  Article 6  hereof, and (3) will not violate any restriction as
to use contained in this Lease;    (iii) in Landlord s reasonable judgment, the proposed assignee or subtenant is a
reputable Person and has sufficient financial worth to meet its liabilities and obligations under the assignment or sublease, proof of which shall have been furnished to Landlord;  
 (iv) the fully executed original counterpart of the proposed assignment or sublease accompanying the Transfer Notice
(i) is reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, (ii) is consistent, in all material respects, with the information contained in the applicable Tenant s Offer Notice, including the information concerning economic and financial terms, the
location, configuration and size of the space to be sublet, the commencement date of the term of the proposed sublease (and the length of such term), and the effective date of the proposed assignment, and (iii) expressly provides that the
assignment or sublease in question is conditioned on, and shall not be effective without, the consent of Landlord and of the Ground Lessor (but, as to the consent of the Ground Lessor, only to the extent such consent of the Ground Lessor is required
under the Ground Lease);    (v) such sublease shall provide that no rental or any other payments for use, occupancy or
utilization of the premises demised thereunder shall be based in whole or in part on the net income or profits derived by any Person therefrom, and such sublease or assignment shall provide that the proposed assignee or subtenant may not assign its
interest in this Lease or such sublease, as applicable, or sublet the premises demised thereunder, except as otherwise provided herein;  
 (vi) the proposed assignee or subtenant has not committed an act of insolvency or bankruptcy;  
 (vii) neither the proposed assignee or subtenant nor any of its Affiliates is a tenant, Subtenant or assignee in the Project
for whose needs Landlord or its Affiliate shall have a comparable amount of space available in the Project, or for whose needs Landlord or its Affiliate reasonably anticipates a comparable amount of space will become available in the Project within
a period of 6 months after such Transfer Notice shall have been given to Landlord;  
      40  

(viii) neither the proposed assignee or subtenant nor any of its Affiliates is a
Person with whom Landlord has still unresolved discussions regarding leasing space in the Project (it being agreed that Landlord shall not be regarded as having  unresolved discussions  if the last substantive contact (i.e., written offer
or counter offer or meetings or negotiations) between Landlord and such proposed assignee or subtenant shall have occurred more than 6 months previously);  
 (ix) there shall not be more than 2 occupants of the Premises (exclusive of Tenant s Affiliates and Permitted Occupants);
   (x) Tenant complies with all of the applicable requirements under this Lease;  
 (xi) the nature of the use or occupancy of the proposed assignee or subtenant will not cause a materially greater density of
employees or traffic or make greater demands on the Building Systems or building services or facilities than made by Tenant;  
 (xii) the proposed assignee or subtenant will not, in Landlord s judgment, present a greater security risk to the Project
including the Premises;    (xiii) in the case of a proposed sublease, the area to be sublet thereunder and the expiration of
the term thereof are each substantially similar to those contained in the applicable Tenant s Offer Notice; and    (xiv)
Tenant shall reimburse Landlord, after demand, for any actual out-of-pocket costs incurred by Landlord in connection with such assignment or sublease, including, without limitation, the costs of making investigations as to the acceptability of the
proposed assignee or subtenant, and reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements incurred in connection with any requested consent, whether or not such transaction shall be consummated.  
 (b) If Landlord fails to either approve or disapprove Tenant s request, made in accordance with  Section 10.09(a) , for
Landlord s consent to an assignment or sublease within 20 days (or 30 days if Tenant gives a Tenant s Offer Notice concurrently with the Transfer Notice) after Tenant gives to Landlord a Transfer Notice accompanied by all of the documents,
statements and information required to accompany the Transfer Notice pursuant to  Section 10.09(a) , then provided that Tenant sends Landlord a 2nd notice enclosing Tenant s original request and stating in bold capital letters:
  IF LANDLORD FAILS TO RESPOND TO THIS REQUEST FOR CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT OR SUBLEASE (AS THE CASE MAY BE) WITHIN 10 DAYS OF RECEIPT OF THIS NOTICE, THEN LANDLORD S CONSENT TO SUCH ASSIGNMENT OR SUBLEASE (AS THE CASE MAY BE) SHALL BE
DEEMED GRANTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH  SECTION 10.09(b)  OF THE LEASE,   and Landlord fails to either approve or disapprove the request after  
      41  

the expiration of such 10 day period, Landlord s consent to such assignment or sublease shall be deemed given as Tenant s sole and exclusive remedy for Landlord s failure to
respond to Tenant s request, made in accordance with  Section 10.09(a) , for Landlord s consent to an assignment or sublease.  
 Section 10.10  Manner of Offering Space . Tenant shall not publicly advertise in any medium the availability of this Lease for
assignment or the availability of the Premises or any portion thereof for subleasing without prior notice to and approval by Landlord (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). No advertisement shall state the then Rent or the proposed
rental or assignment consideration. This  Section 10.10  shall not be applicable to listing to brokerage industry online listing services ( e . g . Co-Star) or to flyers, brochures or other standard marketing materials or
computer databases customarily utilized by real estate brokers in Manhattan that in each case do not state the then Rent or the proposed rental or assignment consideration.  
 Section 10.11  Additional Assignment and Sublease Requirements . With respect to each and every sublease or assignment authorized or
otherwise permitted by Landlord under the provisions of this Lease, regardless of whether Landlord s express consent is necessary, it is further agreed:  
 (a) No subletting shall be for a term (including renewal or extension options) ending later than one day prior to the expiration of the Term.
   (b) No subtenant or assignee shall take possession of the Premises or any part thereof until an executed counterpart of such sublease or
assignment has been delivered to Landlord, and any consent required hereunder shall have been obtained.    (c) Each sublease shall provide
(i) that it is subject and subordinate to this Lease, and the matters to which this Lease is or shall be subordinate, (ii) that except as provided in clause (v) of this  Section 10.11(c) , such sublease shall terminate and be of
no further force and effect upon any termination, surrender or cancellation of this Lease (including by reason of any agreed upon termination of this Lease by Landlord and Tenant), (iii) that the subtenant will not pay any rent or other sums
under the sublease for more than one month in advance of the due date for any corresponding Rent obligation under this Lease, and (iv) on the termination of this Lease pursuant to  Article 20 , upon Landlord s request, the subtenant
will promptly deliver to Landlord  as-built  drawings (or comparable redlined shop drawings) of any construction, alteration, renovation and/or restoration work such subtenant performed or caused to be performed in the space demised under
such subtenant s sublease to the extent in subtenant s possession or reasonably obtainable by subtenant, and (A) if any construction, alteration, renovation and/or restoration work with respect to such space is then proposed or in
progress, such subtenant s drawings and specifications, if any, for such work, and (B) if any construction, alteration, renovation and/or restoration work by Tenant for such subtenant with respect to such space was performed or is then
proposed or in progress, the  as-built  drawings, if any, or the drawings and specifications, if any, as the case may be, for such work in such subtenant s possession, and (v) that in the event of any such termination or any
surrender or cancellation of this Lease or any re-entry or dispossess by Landlord under this Lease, Landlord may, at its sole  
      42  

option, take over all of the right, title and interest of Tenant, as sublessor, under such sublease, and such subtenant shall, at Landlord s option, attorn to Landlord pursuant to the then
executory provisions of such sublease, except that Landlord shall not be (1) liable for any previous act or omission of Tenant under such sublease, (2) subject to any credit, offset, claim, counterclaim, demand or defense, which
theretofore accrued to such subtenant against Tenant, (3) liable for any security deposited by such subtenant that has not been transferred as such to Landlord, (4) bound by any previous modification of such sublease not consented to in
writing by Landlord or by any previous prepayment of more than one month s rent, (5) bound by any covenant to undertake or complete any construction of the premises or any portion thereof demised by such sublease, (6) bound by any
obligation to make any payment to or on behalf of the subtenant, it being expressly understood that Landlord shall not be bound by any obligation to make payment to or on behalf of a subtenant with respect to construction performed by or on behalf
of such subtenant with regard to the premises demised under such sublease, (7) responsible for any monies owing by Landlord to Tenant or (8) required to remove any person occupying the Premises or any part thereof.  
 (d) Each sublease shall provide that the subtenant may not assign its rights thereunder or further sublet the space demised under the
sublease, in whole or in part, except in compliance with all of the terms and provisions of this  Article 10 .    Section 10.12
 Allocation of Assignment Profit and Subleasing Profit . (a) If Landlord s consent to any assignment of this Lease or to any sublease shall be required hereunder and shall have been given, Tenant shall, in consideration therefor, pay
to Landlord, as Additional Rent:    (i) In the case of any such assignment, an amount equal to 50% of the amount (which
amount is herein called the   Assignment Profit  ) by which (x) all sums and other consideration paid to Tenant and any of its Affiliates by or on behalf of the assignee for or by reason of such assignment (including sums paid
for the sale or rental of Leasehold Improvements, fixtures, equipment, furniture, furnishings or other personal property, and, if such consideration is paid in installments, any interest paid on such installments)  exceeds  (y) the
aggregate of (1) reasonable legal and advertising fees and expenses, transfer taxes, net payments for any leasehold improvements made for the assignee by Tenant and construction costs related thereto (or allowances in lieu thereof paid by
Tenant) pursuant to the terms of such assignment and any other concessions made by Tenant pursuant to the terms of such assignment, customary brokerage commissions paid by Tenant in connection with such assignment and amounts paid to Landlord
pursuant to  Section 10.09(xiv) , (2) in the case of a sale of Tenant s equipment, furniture, furnishings or other personal property to the assignee, the then-unamortized or undepreciated cost thereof determined on the basis of
Tenant s federal income tax returns. The amounts payable to Landlord under this clause (i) shall be due and payable within 30 days after Tenant s or any of its Affiliates  receipt of payment from or on behalf of the assignee
(including any amounts received as damages or other sums from such assignee on account of such assignee s default in connection with said assignment).  
 (ii) In the case of any such sublease, an amount equal to 50% of the amount (which amount is herein called the
  Subleasing Profit  ), calculated on a monthly  
      43  

basis, by which (x) any rents, additional charges or other consideration paid to Tenant and any of its Affiliates under or by reason of the sublease (and any related instruments) by or on
behalf of the subtenant (including sums paid for the sale or rental of Leasehold Improvements, fixtures, equipment, furniture, furnishings or other personal property) and any sums received by Tenant and any of its Affiliates from or on behalf of the
subtenant on account of profits received by such subtenant from an underletting), shall  exceed  (y) the aggregate of (1) the Rent and all other sums to be paid by Tenant hereunder in respect of the term of the sublease and of the
space demised under the sublease (at the rate per Rentable Square Foot payable by Tenant hereunder), (2) in the case of a sale of Tenant s equipment, furniture, furnishings or other personal property, the then-unamortized or undepreciated
cost thereof determined on the basis of Tenant s federal income tax returns, (3) the reasonable legal and advertising fees and expenses, transfer taxes, customary brokerage commissions and customary and reasonable work allowances paid by
Tenant in connection with the subletting, and (4) net payments for any leasehold improvements made for the subtenant by Tenant (or net allowances in lieu thereof paid by Tenant) and any other concessions made by Tenant pursuant to the terms of
the sublease; it being agreed that the amounts described in this  clause (y)  shall be deducted from the first amounts received by Tenant under clause (x) above before payment of any Subleasing Profit to Landlord. The amounts payable to
Landlord under this clause (ii) in respect of the Subleasing Profit for a sublease shall be paid in equal monthly installments in arrears over the term of the sublease in question (not later than 30 days after Tenant s and any of its
Affiliates  receipt of such amount from or on behalf of the subtenant). If, however, the sublease is terminated as a result of a default thereunder by the subtenant, Tenant s obligation to pay further sums to Landlord shall terminate
except with regard to any damages or other sums thereafter received by Tenant from such subtenant to the extent attributable to any rents or other amounts included in the Subleasing Profit calculation, of which Tenant shall pay to Landlord 50% on
account of the Subleasing Profit.    (b) Together with any requests for Landlord s consent to an assignment or sublease or with
Tenant s Transfer Notice to be given to Landlord pursuant to  Section 10.08(a) , as the case may be, Tenant shall furnish Landlord with such information and documents relating to the estimated calculation of Assignment Profit and
Subleasing Profit as shall be reasonably appropriate to enable Landlord to verify the same, and Tenant shall promptly furnish Landlord with such additional information or documents related thereto as Landlord may reasonably request. Any dispute
arising under or in connection with any provision of this  Section 10.12  shall be determined by arbitration pursuant to  Article 21 . In the event the arbitration determines that the monthly amount owed by Tenant to Landlord under
this  Section 10.12  exceeds the monthly amount claimed to be so owed by Tenant, then Tenant shall pay Landlord any such deficiency together with interest thereon at the Prime Rate from the date such amount (or portion thereof) was owed to
the date paid. The obligations of Tenant and the remedies of Landlord under this  Section 10.12  shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term.  
 Section 10.13  Tenant s Enforcement . Tenant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any Subtenant to comply with
its obligations under its sublease.  
      44  

Section 10.14  Responsibility for Subtenants . The fact that a violation or breach of
any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Lease results from or is caused by an act or omission by any Subtenant shall not in any respect relieve Tenant of Tenant s obligations to cure the same.  
 Section 10.15  Assignment of Sublease Rents . To secure the prompt and full payment by Tenant of the Rent and all other sums due
hereunder and the faithful performance by Tenant of all the other terms and conditions herein contained on its part to be kept and performed, Tenant hereby assigns, transfers and sets over unto Landlord, subject to the conditions hereinafter set
forth in this  Section 10.15 , all of Tenant s right, title and interest in and to all subleases, and hereby confers upon Landlord, its agents and representatives, a right of entry in, and sufficient possession of, the sublease premises to
permit and ensure the collection by Landlord of the rents and other sums payable under the subleases, and further agrees that the exercise of the right of entry and qualified possession by Landlord shall not constitute an eviction of Tenant from the
Premises or any portion thereof;  provided , that such assignment shall become operative and effective only if (a) an Event of Default shall occur, or (b) this Lease and the Term shall be canceled or terminated pursuant to the terms,
covenants and conditions hereof, or (c) there occurs repossession under a dispossess warrant or other judgment, order or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and then only as to such of the subleases that Landlord may elect to take over
and assume. Notwithstanding anything contained in this  Section 10.15  to the contrary, the provisions of this  Section 10.15  shall be subject to the provisions of  Section 10.11(c) .  
 Section 10.16  Delivery of Sublease Schedule . Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, at least annually, a schedule of any subleases and
occupancy agreements which shall include the name of the Subtenant, the expiration date, a description of any renewal options, rentals and any other information relating to such subleases or occupancy agreements which Landlord may reasonably
request.    Section 10.17  Indemnification by Tenant . If Landlord shall, in accordance with the terms of  Article 10 ,
decline to give its consent to any proposed assignment, sublease or other use or occupancy agreement for which such consent shall be required, or if Landlord shall exercise any of its options under  Section 10.08  of this Lease, Tenant shall
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Landlord and its officers, employees and agents against and from any and all loss, liability, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees) resulting from any claims that may be made
against any such Persons by the proposed assignee or Subtenant or by any brokers or other Persons claiming a commission or similar compensation in connection with the proposed assignment, sublease or other use or occupancy agreement.  
 Section 10.18  Assumption by Assignee in Bankruptcy . Any person or entity to which this Lease may be assigned pursuant to the
provisions of Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code shall be deemed without further act or deed to have assumed all of the obligations arising under this Lease on and after the date of such assignment. Any such assignee shall, promptly after
demand, execute and deliver to Landlord an instrument confirming such assumption. The provisions of this  Section 10.18  shall not in any way be construed as Landlord s advance consent to any such assignment.  
      45  

Section 10.19  OFAC Information . In connection with any proposed assignment of this
Lease or any sublease, Tenant shall provide to Landlord the names of the persons holding an ownership interest in any proposed assignee or sublessee, as applicable, for purposes of compliance with Presidential Executive Order 13224 (issued
September 24, 2001), as amended. The obligation contained in the preceding sentence shall not apply to any wholly-owned subsidiary of Tenant or any publicly owned company.  
 ARTICLE 11    COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
   Section 11.01  Tenant Compliance Required . (a) Tenant shall give prompt notice to Landlord of any notice it receives of
the violation of any Legal Requirements with respect to the Premises or the use or occupancy thereof together with a copy of such notice.  
 (b) Tenant shall, at Tenant s expense, comply with all federal, state and local laws, orders, ordinances, directions, rules, regulations
and requirements of any Governmental Authority, now or hereinafter in force (collectively,   Legal Requirements  ), in respect of the Premises, any Alterations made by, or at Tenant s request, outside of the Premises, or the
abatement of any nuisance in, on or about the Premises,  provided , that to the extent such Legal Requirements necessitate structural Alterations, then, except as otherwise provided herein, Tenant shall only be required to make such structural
Alterations in order to comply therewith if such Legal Requirements (I) require the installation, modification or maintenance of any handicapped facilities, any fire-rated partitions, gas, smoke or fire detector or alarm or any sprinkler or
other system to extinguish fires, or (II) impose some other requirement on Landlord or Tenant or any violation, order or duty on Landlord or Tenant, and arise in the case of  clause (I)  or  (II)  from (i) the particular manner
of use or occupancy of the Premises (as distinguished from the mere use and occupancy of the Premises for general office use), (ii) the alteration or operation of Tenant s installations, equipment or other property therein, (iii) the
use of the Premises for any use other than general office use, (iv) any cause or condition created by or at the instance of Tenant, including any Alterations made in or to the Premises, (v) the use or manner of use by Tenant of any area
outside the Premises and/or any Alterations made by or at the instance of Tenant to any area outside the Premises, or (vi) a breach of any of Tenant s obligations hereunder (including any breach resulting from, arising out of, or in
connection with any use or occupancy of the Premises prohibited under this Lease). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (I) Tenant shall comply with all Legal Requirements (even if such compliance requires structural Alterations) including the
federal Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended and the regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the   ADA  ) with respect to areas in or at the entranceways to or within the Premises, including those relating to
any  paths of travel  to the public corridor and the restrooms, as well as compliance with all ADA requirements that may be imposed by reason of or in connection with any Leasehold Improvements, and (II) Tenant shall make (or, as
hereinafter provided, cause to be made), at Tenant s expense, all repairs, interior and exterior, structural and non-structural, ordinary and extraordinary, foreseen and unforeseen, necessary to comply with all Legal Requirements (including
Local Law No. 5 of 1973, as then in force), the need for which arises out of (i) the performance or existence of any Leasehold Improvements, (ii) the installation, use or operation  
      46  

of Tenant s Property in the Premises, (iii) the moving of Tenant s Property in or out of the Building, or (iv) any act, omission, misuse or neglect of Tenant or any Subtenant
or its or their employees, agents, contractors, licensees or invitees. If any compliance required hereunder by Tenant with Legal Requirements would affect in any way any Building Systems or the structure of the Building, such work must be performed
exclusively by the contractor designated by Landlord, at Tenant s expense, provided that such contractor shall charge commercially reasonable rates. Tenant shall pay all costs, expenses, fines, penalties and damages that may be imposed upon
Landlord or the holder of any other Superior Interest by reason of or arising out of Tenant s failure to fully and promptly comply with and observe the provisions of this  Section 11.01 . Tenant shall pay, after demand therefor as
Additional Rent, any fines, penalties or other amounts owed by Landlord or any Superior Party to the Fire Department of New York or to others resulting from alarms or violations or corrections to the fire safety system originating in the Premises,
except to the extent incurred because the fire safety system located in the Premises on the Commencement Date is not in compliance with Legal Requirements, in which case, Landlord shall promptly correct same at Landlord s cost.  
 (c) Tenant, at its expense, after notice to Landlord, may contest, by appropriate proceedings prosecuted diligently and in good faith, the
validity, or applicability, of any Legal Requirements;  provided , that (a) neither Landlord nor Ground Lessor shall be subject to criminal penalty or to prosecution for a crime, or any other fine or charge, nor shall the Real Property or
any part thereof, be subject to being condemned, forfeited or vacated, nor shall the Real Property, or any part thereof, be subjected to any lien (unless Tenant shall remove such lien by bonding or otherwise) or encumbrance, by reason of
non-compliance or otherwise by reason of such contest; (b) before the commencement of such contest, Tenant shall furnish to Landlord a cash deposit or other security in amount, form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Landlord and shall
indemnify Landlord against the cost thereof and against all liability for damages, interest, penalties and expenses (including attorneys  fees and expenses), resulting from or incurred in connection with such contest or non-compliance;
(c) such non-compliance or contest shall not constitute or result in any violation of any Superior Lease or Superior Mortgage, or if any such Superior Lease and/or Superior Mortgage shall permit such non-compliance or contest on condition of
the taking of action or furnishing of security by Landlord, such action shall be taken and such security shall be furnished at the expense of Tenant; (d) such non-compliance or contest shall not prevent Landlord from obtaining any and all
permits and licenses in connection with the operation of the Building; and (e) Tenant shall keep Landlord advised as to the status of such proceedings. Without limiting the application of the above, Landlord or Ground Lessor, as applicable,
shall be deemed subject to criminal penalty and prosecution for a crime and subject to a fine or charge if Landlord, Ground Lessor, the Property Manager, the Building manager, or the Site Manager, or any officer, director, member, partner,
shareholder or employee of Landlord, Ground Lessor, the Property Manager, or the Building manager, as an individual, is charged with a crime of any kind or degree whatever, whether by service of a summons or otherwise, unless such charge is
withdrawn before Landlord, Ground Lessor, the Property Manager, the Building manager, or the Site Manager, or such officer, director, member, partner, shareholder or employee (as the case may be) is required to plead or answer thereto.  
 Section 11.02  Landlord Compliance Required . Except insofar as Tenant is expressly made responsible under this Lease for compliance
with the same Legal Requirements, Landlord  
      47  

will comply with all Legal Requirements affecting the Premises, the public areas of the Building, the base Building structure or the Building Systems, or any portions thereof, to the extent that
noncompliance with such Legal Requirements would adversely affect (except to a de minimis extent) Tenant s use of the Premises as offices. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Landlord shall deliver the Premises to Tenant
on the Commencement Date in compliance with Legal Requirements, including, without limitation, the ADA and Local Law No. 5 of 1973, as then in force.  
 Section 11.03  No Discrimination . (a) Tenant covenants and agrees that in its use, operation or occupancy of the Premises and
employment and conditions of employment in connection therewith, or in its subleasing of the Premises or any part thereof or assignment of its interest in this Lease, or in connection with the maintenance, repair or alteration of the Premises
(i) it shall not discriminate or permit discrimination against any Person by reason of race, creed, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, disability or marital status, and (ii) it shall comply with all applicable Legal
Requirements prohibiting such discrimination or pertaining to equal employment opportunities.    (b) Tenant shall be bound by and shall
include the following  paragraphs (i)  through  (v)  of this  Section 11.03(b)  in all construction agreements, agreements for the purchase of goods and services and any other agreements relating to the operation of the
Premises, in such a manner that these provisions shall be binding upon the parties with whom such agreements are entered into (any party being bound by such provisions shall be referred to in this  Section 11.03  as
  Contractor  ):    (i) Contractor shall not discriminate against employees or applicants for employment
because of race, creed, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, disability or marital status, shall comply with all applicable federal, state or local laws, ordinances, rules and regulations from time to time in effect prohibiting such
discrimination or pertaining to equal employment opportunities and shall undertake programs of affirmative action to ensure that employees and applicants for employment are afforded equal employment opportunities without discrimination. Such action
shall be taken with reference to, but not limited to, recruitment, employment, job assignment, promotion, upgrading, demotion, transfer, layoff or termination, rates of pay or other forms of compensation, and selection for training or retraining,
including apprenticeship and on-the-job training.    (ii) Contractor shall request each employment agency, labor union and
authorized representative of workers with which it has a collective bargaining or other agreement or understanding, to furnish it with a written statement that such employment agency, labor union or representative will not discriminate because of
race, creed, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, disability or marital status and that such agency, union or representative will cooperate in the implementation of Contractor s obligations hereunder.  
 (iii) Contractor shall state in all solicitations or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of Contractor that all
qualified applicants shall be afforded equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, creed, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, disability or marital status.  
      48  

(iv) Contractor shall comply with all of the provisions of the Civil Rights Law
of the State of New York and  Sections 291-299  of the Executive Law of the State of New York, shall upon reasonable notice furnish all information and reports deemed necessary by Landlord and shall permit access to its relevant books,
records and accounts for the purpose of monitoring compliance with the Civil Rights Law and such sections of the Executive Law.  
 (v) Contractor shall include in all agreements with subcontractors the foregoing provisions of  paragraphs
(i)  through  (iv)  in such a manner that such provisions shall be binding upon the subcontractor and enforceable by Contractor, Tenant and Landlord. Contractor shall take such action as may be necessary to enforce the foregoing
provisions. Contractor shall promptly notify Tenant and Landlord of any litigation commenced by or against it arising out of the application or enforcement of these provisions, and Tenant and Landlord may intervene in any such litigation.  
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of  Article 20 , but without limitation of Tenant s obligations under  Article 26 , if
Tenant fails or refuses to comply with its obligations under this  Section 11.03 , Landlord s sole remedy shall be to apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for such equitable relief as may be available to secure the performance
thereof by Tenant or to take such other action as may be provided by law. This  Section 11.03  will also run to the benefit of Ground Lessor, subject to the limitation of remedies contained in  Section 40.03  of the Ground Lease.
   (d) If  Article 40  of the Ground Lease is modified, then Landlord and Tenant shall amend this Lease to conform this 
Section 11.03  to such modification;  provided , that such modification does not increase Landlord s or Tenant s obligations or liabilities hereunder or otherwise adversely affect Landlord or Tenant.  
 Section 11.04  Hazardous Substances . Tenant shall not install or permit any Hazardous Materials to be used, placed or stored in or
about the Premises in violation of any Legal Requirements. Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from and against any claims, demands, losses, liabilities, penalties and damages arising out of, or in any way connected with the
installation, placement, storage, use or release of Hazardous Materials installed, placed, stored, used or released by Tenant, Tenant s employees, contractors or agents in violation of any Legal Requirements. If Tenant or its employees,
contractors or agents install, use, release, store or place Hazardous Materials in or about the Premises, Tenant shall be obligated to remove and dispose of such Hazardous Materials in compliance with all Legal Requirements. This covenant shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. As used herein, the term   Hazardous Materials   means any petroleum product, asbestos product, or any other material, substance or waste that is now, or hereafter during
the Term, recognized as being hazardous or dangerous to health or the environment by any federal, state or local agency having jurisdiction over the Building. Landlord represents that, to Landlord s knowledge, as of the Commencement Date, there
are no Hazardous Materials located in the Premises. If, after the Commencement  
      49  

Date, Tenant discovers any Hazardous Materials located in the Premises that were not installed, placed, stored, used or released by Tenant, Tenant s employees, contractors or agents and the
existence of which violated applicable Legal Requirements as of the Commencement Date, Tenant shall provide Landlord with written notice of same, and Landlord shall, at Landlord s sole cost, dispose of or remediate same in accordance with
applicable Legal Requirements.    ARTICLE 12  
 INSURANCE    Section 12.01
 Compliance with Requirements . Tenant shall not violate, or permit the violation of, any Insurance Requirements, and shall not do, or permit anything to be done, or keep or permit anything to be kept in, on or about the Premises which would
subject Landlord, Ground Lessor or any other Superior Party to any liability or responsibility for personal injury or death or property damage, or which would result in Landlord s insurers refusing to insure the Real Property in amounts
required by this Lease or such greater amounts as may reasonably be desired by Landlord, or which might result in the cancellation of, or the assertion of any defense by the insurer in whole or in part to claims under any policy of insurance in
respect of the Real Property.    Section 12.02  Obligation to Reimburse . If, by reason of Tenant s failure to comply with
the provisions of  Section 12.01 , the premiums on Landlord s insurance on the Real Property or any portion thereof shall be higher than they otherwise would be, or Landlord s insurers reduce the insurance coverage provided on
the Real Property or any portion thereof and Landlord must obtain additional insurance, then Tenant shall reimburse Landlord as Additional Rent within 30 days, after demand, for any such premiums attributable to such failure on the part of Tenant.
   Section 12.03  Tenant s Insurance . Tenant, at its expense, shall maintain at all times during the Term commercial general
liability insurance, including a contractual liability endorsement and personal injury liability coverage, in respect of the Premises and the conduct or operation of business therein, with Landlord, the Property Manager, Ground Lessor, Superior
Mortgagee and any other holder of a Superior Interest whose name and address shall previously have been furnished to Tenant, as additional insureds, with limits of not less than $5,000,000.00 per occurrence for bodily injury and property damage.
Tenant shall also maintain (a)  all risk  property insurance (including coverage for terrorism) covering all present and future Leasehold Improvements and Tenant s Property to a limit of not less than the full replacement value
thereof, (b) business interruption insurance for a minimum period of 12 months or such greater amount that will reimburse Tenant for direct and indirect loss of earnings and extra expense attributable to all perils insured against in this
 Section 12.03  or other perils commonly insured against by prudent tenants or attributable to prevention of access to the Premises or the Building as a result of any of such perils, (c) comprehensive equipment breakdown insurance
(without exclusion for explosion), covering all mechanical, electrical and other equipment belonging to Tenant against physical damage from all perils insured against in this  Section 12.03 , (d) workers compensation insurance in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York and (e) comprehensive automobile liability insurance coverage with limits of not less than $2,000,000 combined single limit coverage against bodily injury liability and property damage liability
 
      50  

arising out of the use by or on behalf of Tenant, its agents and employees in connection with this Lease, of any owned, non-owned or hired motor vehicle. Tenant shall deliver to Landlord and any
other additional insured such certificates of insurance, issued by the insurer, in form reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, at least 10 days before the Commencement Date. The  all risk  property insurance policies required to be carried
by Tenant, and any certificates evidencing such policies, shall provide that the proceeds under such policies shall be payable to Landlord, Tenant and each Superior Lessor and Superior Mortgagee as their interests may appear. Tenant shall execute
and deliver to Landlord such proofs of loss and other instruments which may be reasonably required to recover any such insurance proceeds. Tenant shall procure and pay for renewals of such insurance from time to time before the expiration thereof,
and Tenant shall deliver to Landlord and any other additional insured a certificate thereof issued by the insurer at least 30 days before the expiration of any existing policy. All such policies shall be issued by companies of recognized
responsibility licensed to do business in New York State ( provided , that if permitted under all applicable Superior Instruments, then it shall not be necessary for an insurer to be licensed in New York State so long as such insurer is
permitted by all applicable Legal Requirements to write insurance in New York State), rated by Best s Insurance Reports or any successor publication of comparable standing at A/VIII or better or the then equivalent of such rating, and shall, if
available, contain a provision whereby the same cannot be canceled or modified in a material respect unless the insurer shall endeavor to provide Landlord and any other additional insured at least 30 days prior written notice of such cancellation or
modification. The limits of liability required herein may be provided by a single policy of insurance or by a combination of primary and umbrella policies, but in no event shall the total limits of liability available for any one occurrence or
accident be less than those required herein. Tenant s policies of insurance may be maintained under  blanket policies  insuring the Premises and other property or locations of Tenant;  provided , that such blanket policies shall
(i) set forth the amount of the insurance applicable to the Premises, (ii) otherwise comply with the provisions of this  Article 12 , and (iii) afford the same protection to Landlord and any other additional insured as would be
provided by policies individually applicable to the Premises. All insurance policies required to be maintained pursuant to this  Section 12.03  shall not contain any exclusions for acts of terrorism or similar events, to the extent
commercially available. In addition to the other requirements set forth in this Lease, the insurance required to be carried by Tenant under this Lease shall be primary insurance for all claims under it and shall provide that any insurance carried by
Landlord, the Property Manager, and the holder of any Superior Interest is strictly excess, secondary and non-contributing with any insurance carried by Tenant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall any policy
of insurance maintained by Tenant pursuant to this  Section 12.03  have a deductible greater than $250,000.00.  
 Section 12.04  Waiver of Subrogation . Each party agrees to have included in each of its insurance policies (insuring the Building
and Landlord s property therein in the case of Landlord and insuring Leasehold Improvements and Tenant s Property, in the case of Tenant, against loss, damage or destruction by fire or other casualty) a waiver of the insurer s right
of subrogation against the other party during the term of this Lease or, if such waiver should be unobtainable or unenforceable, (a) an express agreement that such policy shall not be invalidated if the insured party waives the right of
recovery against any party responsible for a casualty covered by the policy before the casualty or (b) any other form of permission for the release of the other party.  
      51  

Landlord hereby releases Tenant with respect to any claim (including a claim for negligence) which Landlord might otherwise have against Tenant for loss, damage or destruction with respect to
Landlord s property and the Building occurring during the Term to the extent to which Landlord is insured under a policy or policies containing a waiver of subrogation or permission to release liability, as provided in the preceding provisions
of this  Section 12.04  (or would be insured if Landlord carried policies meeting the requirements of this  Section 12.04 , regardless of whether Landlord is so insured). Tenant hereby releases Landlord with respect to any claim
(including a claim for negligence) which Tenant might otherwise have against Landlord for loss, damage or destruction with respect to Leasehold Improvements or Tenant s Property occurring during the Term to the extent to which Tenant would be
insured under a policy covering loss or damage to such property in the manner required under  Section 12.03  and containing a waiver of subrogation in favor of Landlord or permission to release liability (regardless of whether or not
Tenant is so insured). If notwithstanding the recovery of insurance proceeds by either party for loss, damage or destruction of its property, the other party is liable to the first party with respect thereto or is obligated under this Lease to make
replacement, repair or restoration or payment therefor, then, provided the first party s right of full recovery under its insurance policies is not thereby prejudiced or otherwise adversely affected, the amount of the net proceeds of the first
party s insurance against such loss, damage or destruction shall be offset against the second party s liability to the first party therefor, or shall be made available to the second party to pay for replacement, repair or restoration, as
the case may be. Such waiver, agreement or permission obtained by Tenant shall extend to Landlord s agents and employees, Ground Lessor, Superior Mortgagee or any other Superior Party.  
 Section 12.05  Increases in Coverage . Landlord may from time to time, but not more frequently than once in any 3 year period,
require that the amount of the commercial general liability insurance to be maintained by Tenant under  Section 12.03  be increased to amounts then customarily required of tenants of comparable premises by landlords of comparable
properties. If Tenant shall claim that Landlord s requirement is excessive, the dispute shall be determined by arbitration as provided in  Article 21 . Tenant shall, thereafter, carry the insurance determined by such arbitration to be
required, but in no event shall the amount of such commercial general liability insurance be less than the amount specified in  Section 12.03 .  
 Section 12.06  Depositary and Proceeds . (a) If required by the Ground Lessor or any Superior Mortgagee, the proceeds under all
policies required by any provision of this Lease insuring against damage to Leasehold Improvements by fire or other casualty shall be payable to the Depositary and, if not so required, such proceeds shall be payable directly to Landlord, which shall
hold the same pending application to the restoration of the Premises in accordance with Article 22.    (b) As used herein,
  Depositary   means the entity designated by Landlord from time to time to act as the Depositary hereunder. Any entity designated to act as Depositary shall be (i) a bank, national banking association, savings and loan
association or trust company having offices in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, State of New York, with a capital and surplus of not less than $500,000,000.00 throughout the period during which its acts as Depositary or (ii) a
merchant bank, investment banking or credit corporation, charitable foundation, insurance company or pension and/or annuity company having net assets of not less than $500,000,000.00 throughout the period during which it acts as Depositary.  
      52  

Section 12.07  Landlord s Insurance . The Building is insured by Landlord in
accordance with the requirements of the Ground Lease.    ARTICLE 13  
 RULES AND REGULATIONS  
 Section 13.01  Compliance with Rules . Tenant shall faithfully observe and comply with, and shall cause its employees, agents,
invitees and licensees, to faithfully observe and comply with, the rules and regulations annexed hereto as  Exhibit C , and such modifications and additions thereto as Landlord at any time and from time to time may make and communicate to
Tenant with reasonable prior notice which in Landlord s reasonable judgment shall not increase in more than a de minimis respect Tenant s monetary obligations hereunder or adversely affect in any material manner Tenant s rights
hereunder or unreasonably interfere with Tenant s use of the Premises, and which, in Landlord s reasonable judgment, shall be necessary or appropriate for the reputation, protection, safety, care or appearance of the Premises or the
Project, or portions thereof, or areas adjacent thereto, or the preservation of good order therein, or the operation or maintenance of the Premises or the Project, or portions thereof, or the equipment and fixtures thereon or servicing the same
(such rules and regulations, as modified or added to from time to time, the   Rules and Regulations    provided , that in case of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of this Lease and any of the Rules and
Regulations hereafter adopted, the provisions of this Lease shall control.    Section 13.02  Enforcement of Rules and
Regulations . Nothing contained in this Lease shall be construed to impose upon Landlord any duty or obligation to enforce the Rules and Regulations against any other tenant or any employee, agent, invitee or licensee of any other tenant, and
Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for violation of the Rules and Regulations by any other tenant or its employees, agents, invitees or licensees. Landlord shall not enforce the Rules and Regulations against Tenant in a manner that is less
favorable to Tenant than Landlord s enforcement generally against the other office tenants of the Building.    ARTICLE 14  
 ALTERATIONS; DISCHARGE OF LIENS  
 Section 14.01  Alterations by Tenant . (a) Tenant shall not make, or cause to be made, alterations, additions, improvements,
installations or changes (  Alterations  ) in or to the Premises or any other portion of the Real Property, except as expressly permitted and allowed pursuant to the provisions hereinafter provided. Provided Tenant is not in default
under this Lease beyond the expiration of any applicable notice and grace periods, Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold its approval to any Alteration that is not a Material Alteration.   Material Alteration   means an Alteration
that (i) is not limited to the interior of the Premises or which affects the exterior (including the appearance) of the Building, (ii) is structural or affects the strength of the Building or involves core drilling, (iii) affects the
usage or the proper functioning  
      53  

of any of the Building Systems, (iv) requires the consent of the Ground Lessor or any Superior Mortgagee or Superior Lessor, (v) requires a change to the Building s certificate of
occupancy, or (vi) violates any Legal Requirements or any Insurance Requirements. Tenant may perform Alterations consisting solely of ordinary painting, carpeting and other floor and wall coverings (  Decorative Alterations  )
and Non-Material Alterations (as hereinafter defined) without Landlord s consent, provided Tenant gives Landlord at least 10 Business Days prior notice of the performance of such Decorative Alterations and all such Decorative Alterations are
made and performed in accordance with all of the applicable terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease (including the provisions of this  Article 14 ).   Non-Material Alterations   means Alterations other than Decorative
Alterations that do not (1) constitute Material Alterations, (2) require a building or alteration permit from any Governmental Authority or (3) cost in any one instance in excess of $100,000.00, subject to CPI Adjustment on each
anniversary of the Commencement Date.    (b) Tenant, in connection with any Alterations, shall comply with the Alterations Rules and
Regulations set forth as  Exhibit D  annexed hereto. Except with respect to Decorative Alterations and Non-Material Alterations, no Alterations shall be undertaken by Tenant, and Landlord shall not be required to consider approving any
Alterations, until Tenant has caused to be prepared and delivered to Landlord, for Landlord s prior written approval, complete, detailed working plans and specifications for such Alterations prepared, dated, signed and stamped by a professional
architect and engineer licensed to practice in the State of New York showing, among other things, all architectural, electrical, mechanical, plumbing and other installations required to construct and finish such Alterations, which shall be in
sufficient form and content and contain sufficient detail to (i) secure all required governmental permits and approvals, (ii) determine whether all such Alterations comply with all Legal Requirements, (iii) permit a contractor to
perform all work shown thereon and covered thereby, and (iv) determine the effect such Alterations shall have on the structural components of the Building, the Building Systems, and the operation and maintenance of the Building. Except with
respect to Decorative Alterations and Non-Material Alterations, Tenant shall not proceed with any Alterations unless and until Landlord approves Tenant s plans and specifications therefor (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld with
respect to any plans and specifications for any Alterations that are not Material Alterations). Landlord shall endeavor to respond to any requests made by Tenant pursuant to this  Section 14.01(b)  within 10 Business Days after receipt
thereof.    (c) Tenant shall pay to Landlord within 30 days after demand, as Additional Rent, Landlord s reasonable out-of-pocket costs
and expenses (including, without limitation, the fees of any architect or engineer employed by Landlord or any Superior Lessor or Superior Mortgagee for such purpose) for reviewing plans and specifications and inspecting the progress of the
performance of the Alterations.    (d) Before proceeding with any Alterations that will cost more than $250,000.00, subject to CPI
Adjustment on each anniversary of the Commencement Date (exclusive of the costs of Decorative Alterations and items constituting Tenant s Property), as estimated by a reputable contractor designated by Landlord, Tenant shall furnish to Landlord
one of the following (as selected by Tenant): (i) a cash deposit, (ii) a performance bond and a labor and materials payment bond (issued by a corporate surety licensed to do business in New York reasonably satisfactory to Landlord) or
(iii) an irrevocable, unconditional, negotiable letter of  
      54  

credit upon presentation of a sight draft only, issued by a bank and in a form satisfactory to Landlord; each to be equal to 125% of the cost of the Alterations, estimated as set forth above. Any
such letter of credit shall be for one year and shall be renewed by Tenant each and every year until the Alterations in question are completed and shall be delivered to Landlord not less than 30 days prior to the expiration of the then current
letter of credit, failing which Landlord may present the then current letter of credit for payment. Upon (A) the completion of the Alterations in accordance with the terms of this  Section 14.01  and (B) the submission to
Landlord of (x) proof evidencing the payment in full for said Alterations, (y) written unconditional lien waivers of mechanics  liens and other liens on the Real Property from all contractors performing said Alterations and
(z) all submissions required pursuant to  Exhibit D  attached hereto, the security deposited with Landlord (or the balance of the proceeds thereof, if Landlord has drawn on the same) shall be returned to Tenant. Upon Tenant s failure
properly to perform, complete and fully pay for any Alterations, as determined by Landlord, Landlord may, upon notice to Tenant, draw on the security deposited under this  Section 14.01(d)  to the extent Landlord deems necessary in
connection with said Alterations, the restoration and/or protection of the Premises or the Real Property and the payment of any costs, damages or expenses resulting therefrom.  
 (e) During the Term, Tenant shall keep records of Alterations (other than Decorative Alterations and Non-Material Alterations) costing in
excess of $50,000, including plans and specifications, copies of contracts, invoices, evidence of payment and all other records customarily maintained in the real estate business relating to Alterations and the cost thereof and shall, within 30 days
after demand by Landlord, furnish to Landlord copies of such records.    (f) All Alterations installed by Tenant in the Premises shall be
fully paid for by Tenant in cash and shall not be subject to conditional bills of sale, chattel mortgages, security interests or other title retention agreements.  
 (g) Tenant shall pay the cost of all utilities (not covered by Tenant s Electricity Payment pursuant to  Section 5.01) 
furnished in connection with the performance of Alterations as shown on any meters installed in or about the Premises or as otherwise reasonably allocated to Tenant, any costs of Extra Personnel which are reasonably required by Landlord (as
specified by written notice to Tenant), any fees payable to independent security agencies, and any required reimbursements owed to Ground Lessor in connection with such work. All such costs and expenses shall be paid within 30 days after demand
therefor from Landlord.    (h) Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall obtain and deliver to Landlord all necessary governmental permits
and certificates for the commencement and prosecution of Alterations and for final approval thereof upon completion, and shall cause Alterations to be performed in compliance therewith and with all applicable Legal Requirements and Insurance
Requirements and Landlord, upon Tenant s request and at Tenant s sole cost, shall use reasonable efforts to assist Tenant in obtaining such permits and certificates and effecting such compliance. No Alterations shall be commenced or
prosecuted until all such permits and certificates have been obtained by Tenant and delivered to Landlord.  
      55  

(i) Alterations shall be diligently performed in a good and workmanlike manner, using new
materials and equipment at least equal in quality and class to those typically found in first class office buildings located in Manhattan. All agreements with respect to Alterations shall conform to  Section 15.01(b)  and all other
applicable provisions of this Lease. Alterations (other than Alterations made to any Building Systems or the structure of the Building which must be performed exclusively by the contractor designated by Landlord who shall charge commercially
competitive fees) shall be performed by Tenant s contractors approved in writing in advance by Landlord (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and the plans and specifications therefor shall be prepared by engineers or
architects first approved by Landlord (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and Tenant shall use only Landlord s designated expediter with respect to any filings with, or other submissions to, applicable governmental
authorities in connection with any Alterations. Alterations shall be performed only at the times permitted in  Exhibit D .    (j)
Throughout the performance of Alterations, Tenant, at its expense, shall carry, or cause its contractors to carry, (x) workers  compensation insurance in statutory limits, (y) commercial general liability insurance (with completed
operations endorsement) for any occurrence in or about the Premises with coverage of not less than $10,000,000 (Subject to CPI Adjustment on each anniversary of the Commencement Date) for each occurrence and (z) builder s all risk
insurance (on a completed value basis), in such limits as Landlord may reasonably require, with insurers reasonably satisfactory to Landlord. The commercial general liability insurance referred to in this subparagraph (j) shall name as
additional insureds, and the builder s all risk insurance referred to in this subparagraph (j) shall name as loss payees, as their interest may appear, Landlord, Ground Lessor, and, at Landlord s request, any Superior Mortgagee and
any other holder of a Superior Interest. In addition, the commercial general liability insurance referred to in this subparagraph (j) shall name, as an additional insured, the Property Manager. The insurance required to be carried pursuant to
subparagraph (j) shall be primary insurance for all claims under it and shall provide that any insurance carried by Landlord, the Property Manager and the holder of any Superior Interest is strictly excess, secondary and non-contributing with
the insurance required to be carried under this subparagraph (j). At or before the commencement of Alterations and, on request, at reasonable intervals thereafter during the continuance of Alterations, Tenant shall furnish Landlord with certificates
of insurance evidencing that such insurance is in effect.    (k) Intentionally omitted.  
 (l) Landlord s review of, inspection of, consent to or approval of any Alterations and/or the plans and specifications for any
Alterations is solely for Landlord s benefit and shall not be construed to be, and shall not be, a representation, warranty or agreement by Landlord that the Alterations in question are adequate, correct, efficient, sound, advisable or in
compliance with Legal Requirements or Insurance Requirements.    Section 14.02  Discharge of Violations and Liens . Tenant, at its
expense, and with diligence and dispatch, shall procure the cancellation or discharge of all notices of violation arising from or otherwise connected with Alterations, or any other work, labor, services or materials done for or supplied to Tenant,
or any person claiming through or under Tenant (by  
      56  

other than Landlord), which shall be issued by the Department of Buildings of the City of New York or any other Governmental Authority having or asserting jurisdiction. Tenant shall defend,
indemnify and hold harmless Landlord, Ground Lessor, any Superior Mortgagee and any other holder of a Superior Interest from and against any and all mechanics  and other liens and encumbrances filed in connection with Alterations, or any other
work, labor, services or materials done for or supplied to Tenant or claimed to have been done for or supplied to Tenant, or any person claiming through or under Tenant, including security interests in any materials, fixtures or articles so
installed in and constituting part of the Premises and against all costs, expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with any such lien or encumbrance or any action or proceeding brought thereon.  
 Section 14.03  No Liens . Except for permitted subleases, Tenant shall not create or cause, or permit or suffer to be created any
lien, encumbrance or charge upon Tenant s leasehold estate in the Premises or any part thereof or upon the income therefrom. Tenant shall not create or cause to be created any lien, encumbrance or charge upon any assets (including, without
limitation, any Rent payable hereunder) of, or funds appropriated to, Landlord, or Ground Lessor, or upon the estate, rights or interest in the Premises or any part thereof of Landlord, or the Ground Lessor in the Premises.  
 Section 14.04  Discharge of Any Liens . If any mechanic s, laborer s or materialman s lien at any time shall be filed
against the Premises or any part thereof or any interest therein as a result of any act or omission of Tenant or its Subtenants or their respective officers, employees, agents, suppliers, materialmen, mechanics, contractors, subcontractors or
sub-subcontractors, or, if any public improvement lien created or caused to be created by Tenant shall be filed against any assets of, or funds appropriated to, Landlord or Ground Lessor, then Tenant, within 20 days after actual notice of the filing
thereof, or such shorter period after actual notice as may be required by a Superior Mortgagee (but not less than 10 days after actual notice), shall cause the same to be discharged of record by payment, deposit, bond, order of a court of competent
jurisdiction or otherwise. If Tenant shall fail to cause such lien to be discharged of record within the period aforesaid, then, in addition to any other right or remedy, Landlord may, but shall not be obligated to, discharge the same of record as
aforesaid in any manner permitted by law, or Landlord shall be entitled, if Landlord so elects, to compel the prosecution of an action for the foreclosure of such lien by the lienor and to pay the amount of the judgment in favor of the lienor with
interest, costs and allowances. Any amounts so paid by Landlord, including all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements) incurred by Landlord in connection therewith, together with interest
thereon at the Default Rate, from the respective dates of Landlord s making of the payment or incurring of the costs and expenses, shall constitute Additional Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease and shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord after
demand.    Section 14.05  No Liability of Landlord or Superior Parties . Nothing contained in this Lease shall be deemed or
construed in any way as constituting the consent or request of Landlord or Ground Lessor, express or implied, by inference or otherwise, to any contractor, subcontractor, laborer or materialman for the performance of any labor or the furnishing of
any materials for any specific improvement, alteration to or repair of the Premises or any part thereof, nor as giving Tenant any right, power or authority to contract for or permit the rendering  
      57  

of any services or the furnishing of materials that would give rise to the filing of any lien against the Premises or any part thereof or any assets (including, without limitation, any Rent
payable hereunder) of, or funds appropriated to, Landlord or Ground Lessor.    Section 14.06  Delivery of Drawings to Landlord .
Within 30 days following the completion of an Alteration (other than Decorative and Non-Material Alterations), Tenant shall deliver to Landlord  as-built  drawings and CAD files on diskette and by e-mail in AutoCAD.DWG format, showing the
exact nature and location of any Alterations Tenant has performed or caused to be performed, and (i) if any Alterations are then proposed or in progress, Tenant s drawings and specifications, if any, for such Alterations and (ii) if
any Alterations by Landlord for Tenant were performed or are then proposed or in progress, the  as-built  drawings, if any, or the drawings and specifications, if any, as the case may be, for such Alterations, in Tenant s possession.
Any files to be delivered to Landlord by e-mail as set forth in the preceding sentence shall be sent to:  Tenantplan@brookfield.com .  
 Section 14.07  Specialty Alterations . Provided Tenant shall have requested such notice from Landlord pursuant to Tenant s
Specialty Alterations Notice given to Landlord with Tenant s submission to Landlord, for Landlord s approval, of Tenant s plans and specifications meeting the requirements set forth in  Section 14.01(b) , Landlord, by notice
given to Tenant at or prior to the time Landlord approves such plans and specifications, shall inform Tenant as to which Specialty Alterations depicted on such plans and specifications Landlord shall require Tenant to remove upon the Expiration
Date. If Landlord shall give such notice, then Tenant, at Tenant s expense, prior to the Expiration Date, or, in the case of an earlier termination of this Lease, within 15 days after such termination, shall remove the same from the Premises,
shall repair and, if applicable, restore the portion of the Premises from which the same was removed to at least the condition existing prior to installation thereof, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and shall repair any damage to the Premises or
to the Building due to such removal. If Tenant shall have failed to so request such notice from Landlord in a Tenant s Specialty Alterations Notice given to Landlord by Tenant at the time Tenant submitted such plans and specifications in
question to Landlord for Landlord s approval, then Landlord shall be entitled to instruct Tenant at any time prior to the Expiration Date as to which Specialty Alterations must be removed by Tenant upon the Expiration Date, and Tenant shall
comply with such instructions.   Tenant s Specialty Alterations Notice   means a notice given by Tenant to Landlord, accompanying the plans and specifications (meeting the requirements set forth in  Section 14.01(b)) 
submitted by Tenant to Landlord for Landlord s approval, stating in bold capital letters that such notice is being given pursuant to  Section 14.07  of the Lease and that, pursuant to  Section 14.07  of the Lease, Landlord
is required to inform Tenant at or prior to the time it approves such plans and specifications as to which Specialty Alterations, depicted on such plans and specifications, Landlord shall require Tenant to remove prior to the Expiration Date or
within 15 days following any earlier termination of this Lease.   Specialty Alterations   means any and all Alterations located outside of the Premises (other than electrical and telecommunications risers and conduits and lines), and
all vaults, cooking kitchens, subflooring structures and raised flooring systems, stone flooring (other than that existing in the Premises on the Commencement Date), structural reinforcements, auditoria, dumbwaiters, conveyors, mainframe computer
centers, back-up energy supply systems, generators and fuel tanks, fuel lines and all equipment related to any back-up energy supply system, internal staircases, private lavatories, medical facilities, any structural
 
      58  

work not typically undertaken in office space or that is unusually expensive to demolish or remove, including beam cuts, slab restorations and floor openings, and any other Alterations or
improvements which are not customary for build-outs of tenants of first class office buildings in downtown Manhattan generally or are unusually expensive to demolish or remove. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary (including any
response or lack of response by Landlord to any Tenant s Specialty Alterations Notice), the following Alterations must be removed by Tenant prior to the Expiration Date, or, in the case of any earlier termination of this Lease, within 15 days
after such termination, and Tenant shall repair and, if applicable, restore the portion of the Premises from which the same were removed to at least the condition existing prior to the installation thereof, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and
shall repair any damage to the Premises or the Building due to such removal: (i) internal staircases, (ii) any Alterations located outside of the Premises (other than electrical and telecommunications risers and conduits and lines),
(iii) vaults and (iv) stone flooring (other than existing in the Premises on the Commencement Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not be required to remove upon the Expiration Date any Specialty Alterations made by Landlord
prior to the Commencement Date.    ARTICLE 15  
 LANDLORD S AND TENANT S PROPERTY  
 Section 15.01  Ground Lessor s Property . (a) Except as provided in  Section 15.02 , Tenant acknowledges that
the Premises, all of the materials and equipment incorporated therein, and all Leasehold Improvements are the property of Ground Lessor, and Tenant agrees that all materials and equipment to be incorporated into the Premises at any time during the
Term shall, upon purchase of same and at all times thereafter, constitute the property of Ground Lessor, and that legal title to the Premises, all Leasehold Improvements and all such materials and equipment shall continue in Ground Lessor;
 provided , that Landlord and Ground Lessor (i) shall not be liable in any manner for payment or otherwise to any contractor, subcontractor, laborer or supplier in connection with the purchase or furnishing of any such Leasehold
Improvements, materials or equipment or the installation thereof, and (ii) shall have no obligation to pay any compensation to Tenant by reason of Ground Lessor s acquisition of title to such Leasehold Improvements, materials and
equipment.    (b) Tenant covenants and agrees that all agreements with respect to Alterations in the Premises shall include the following
provision:  [contractor] [subcontractor] [materialman] hereby agrees that immediately upon the purchase by [contractor] [subcontractor] [materialman] of any building materials to be incorporated in the Premises, or of any building materials to
be incorporated in improvements made thereto, such materials shall become the sole property of [insert name of Ground Lessor], a public benefit corporation, notwithstanding that such materials have not been incorporated in, or made a part of, the
Premises at the time of such purchase; and [contractor] [subcontractor] [materialman] shall look solely to [Tenant] [contractor] [subcontractor] for payment in connection with the purchase of any such materials, it being expressly understood that
[insert names of Ground Lessor and Landlord] shall not be liable in any manner for payment or otherwise to [contractor] [subcontractor] [materialman] in connection with the purchase of any such materials, and [insert names of Ground Lessor and
 
      59  

Landlord] shall have no obligation to pay any compensation to [contractor] [subcontractor] [materialman] by reason of such materials becoming the sole property of [insert name of Ground Lessor];
 provided , that nothing contained herein shall prejudice any rights which [contractor] [subcontractor] [materialman] may have under the Lien Law of the State of New York.   
 (c) Notwithstanding the ownership by Ground Lessor of the Premises and all materials and equipment incorporated therein, to the extent
required under the Ground Lease, Tenant shall pay or cause to be paid to the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over sales and compensating use taxes, amounts equal to the amounts of all sales and compensating use taxes which would be
payable but for such ownership, on the materials and equipment purchased for incorporation into or work performed on the Premises in connection with the maintenance of and repairs, restorations, additions, alterations, improvements and replacements
(including capital improvements) to the Premises. Such amounts shall be payable at the times such sales and use taxes would be payable but for such ownership.  
 Section 15.02  Tenant s Property . Notwithstanding  Section 15.01(a) , all movable partitions and all business,
communications and office equipment, computers and machinery, and all associated wiring, cabling and conduits, and other articles of personal property, whether or not attached to or built into the Premises, which are installed in the Premises by or
for the account of Tenant and can be removed without damage to the Building, and all furniture, furnishings and other articles of movable personal property, owned by Tenant and located in the Premises (collectively,   Tenant s
Property  ), shall be and shall remain the property of Tenant and may be removed by Tenant at any time during the term of this Lease.  
 Section 15.03  Removal of Tenant s Property . In connection with any intended removal of any of Tenant s Property, Tenant
shall give Landlord 30 days prior notice of any severance of connections to the structural, mechanical, electrical, sanitary, plumbing, HVAC, fire safety or other Building Systems, other than any such removal within 60 days prior to the Expiration
Date, in which case Tenant shall give Landlord 10 days  prior notice. If any of Tenant s Property is removed, Tenant shall repair or pay, in accordance with the provisions of  Section 16.01(b) , the cost of repairing any damage
to the Premises, the Building Systems or to the Building resulting from the removal thereof. At or before the Expiration Date, or within 15 days after any earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall, at its expense, remove from the Premises, all
of Tenant s Property and leave the Premises in a broom-clean condition.    Section 15.04  Abandoned Property . After the
Expiration Date, or after a period of 15 days following an earlier termination date, any items of Tenant s Property which shall remain in the Premises shall be deemed to have been abandoned, and in such case such items may be retained by
Landlord as its property or removed and disposed of by Landlord, without accountability, in such manner as Landlord shall determine, at Tenant s expense. Any costs so incurred by Landlord, or incurred in restoring the Premises to the condition
required in  Section 15.03  shall be paid by Tenant within 30 days after Landlord s demand therefor and the terms of this Lease shall continue to be in full force and effect with respect to such obligation on the part of Tenant.
Landlord shall have no obligation to Tenant with respect to any items of Tenant s Property remaining in the Premises after the Expiration Date.  
      60  

Section 15.05  Survival . The provisions of this  Article 15  shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.    ARTICLE 16  
 REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE  
 Section 16.01  Repairs by Tenant . (a) Tenant, at Tenant s expense, throughout the Term, subject to the terms of this 
Section 16.01 , shall maintain in good repair and working order all Leasehold Improvements, Tenant s Property, the Premises, the fixtures and equipment therein and the appurtenances thereto (including all restrooms on any floor of the
Building where all of the rentable area on such floor is part of the Premises and, regardless of what portion of the rentable area of any floor of the Building is part of the Premises, all private restrooms within the Premises), subject to
reasonable wear and tear and except for those repairs for which Landlord is responsible pursuant to any of the other express provisions of this Lease. The term  repairs  shall include all alterations, additions, installations,
replacements, removals, renewals, restorations and maintenance. All repairs made by Tenant shall be at least equal in quality and class to those typically made in first class office buildings located in Manhattan and shall be made in compliance with
all Insurance Requirements and all Legal Requirements.    (b) In furtherance of the foregoing, but not in limitation thereof, Tenant shall
be responsible, at Tenant s expense, for all necessary or appropriate repairs to all Alterations (including the equipment to be installed by Tenant as described in  Sections 5.04  and  17.01 ) and for repairing any scratched, damaged
or broken doors, glass and wall and floor coverings within the Premises or at the entrances to the Premises. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth in the following sentence, Tenant shall not be responsible for repairing the glass in the
exterior windows of the Building. In addition, Tenant shall be responsible, at Tenant s expense, for making all repairs whether within or outside the Premises, to the extent necessitated by (i) the existence of any Leasehold Improvements
or the performance of any work or Alterations by or at the instance of Tenant, (ii) the installation, removal, use or operation of Tenant s Property, (iii) the moving of Tenant s Property in or out of the Building or
(iv) the negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant or any Subtenant or its or their employees, agents, contractors, licensees or invitees. If any such repairs are to be made outside of the Premises, Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord, and,
at Landlord s election, such repairs shall be performed by Landlord at Tenant s expense. If Landlord elects to perform such repairs, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord, within 30 days after demand, for all actual, out-of-pocket costs and
expenses incurred by Landlord in connection therewith.    (c) Any repairs for which Tenant is responsible hereunder shall be done, at
Tenant s expense, by a contractor selected by Tenant and first approved in writing by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (except for repairs to any Building Systems or structural portions of the
Building, which repairs must be performed exclusively by the contractor designated by Landlord, provided such contractor charges commercially reasonable rates) and otherwise subject to all of the other terms of  Article 14 .  
 (d) Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord of the need for any other repairs to any mechanical, sanitary, plumbing, HVAC, fire safety,
structural, electrical or other Building Systems, or to any fixtures in the Premises. Tenant shall not commit or suffer, and shall use all reasonable precaution to prevent, waste, damage, or injury to the Premises.  
      61  

Section 16.02  Repairs by Landlord . Landlord, at Landlord s expense, shall keep
and maintain the public portions of the Building (including the structural components and roof) and the Building Systems serving the Premises in good working order, condition and repair and shall make all repairs, structural and otherwise, interior
and exterior, as and when needed in or about such portions of the Building and the Premises, except for those repairs for which Tenant is responsible pursuant to any of the other provisions of this Lease; and such repairs by Landlord shall be at
least equal in quality and class to those typically made in first class office buildings in Manhattan and made in compliance with all Insurance Requirements and Legal Requirements.  
 ARTICLE 17    SERVICES; SIGNAGE AND
ACCESS    Section 17.01  Services . From and after the Commencement Date, Landlord, at Landlord s expense (but subject to
reimbursement by way of Tenant s Operating Payment unless otherwise specified herein), shall provide the following services to the Premises:  
 (a) Landlord shall maintain and operate the Building s heating, ventilating and air-conditioning (  HVAC  ) systems and
condenser/chilled water system serving the Premises as follows:    (i) Landlord shall furnish HVAC to the Premises during
Business Hours on Business Days in accordance with the specifications attached hereto as  Exhibit E .   Business Hours   means between 8:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m.   Business Days   means all days except Saturdays,
Sundays, New Year s Day, Martin Luther King Day, President s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, the day following Thanksgiving, Christmas and any other days which are either (i) observed by both the federal
and the state governments as legal holidays or (ii) designated as a holiday by the applicable Building Service Union Employee Service contract or Operating Engineers contract (collectively,   Holidays  ).  
 (ii) If Tenant shall require HVAC for the Premises at any time other than during Business Hours on Business Days, then Landlord
shall furnish such HVAC service to the Premises as Tenant may request by notice given to Landlord by 12:00 noon on any Business Day for any period after Business Hours on such Business Day and by 12:00 noon on the next preceding Business Day for any
non-Business Day and Tenant shall pay to Landlord within 30 days after demand, as Additional Rent hereunder, the Building Standard Rate for such HVAC service.  
 (iii) If Tenant shall install any supplementary air conditioning units in the Premises and connect the same to the
condenser/chilled water loop of the Building (or if any of the same shall have been previously installed in the Premises), then (i) all of  
      62  

such work shall be Alterations under  Article 14  of this Lease and, accordingly, Tenant shall comply with all of its obligations under  Article 14  with respect to such installation
and (ii) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, commencing on the date on which Tenant shall connect said supplementary unit(s) to the Building condenser/chilled water loop (or, if any such unit previously shall have been installed
in the Premises, commencing on the Commencement Date), an amount equal to the Building Standard Rate per ton of condenser/chilled water consumed per hour as measured by meter or meters installed and maintained by Tenant at Tenant s sole cost
and expense (but subject to Landlord s approval as to the specifications and installation of such meter or meters). Tenant shall pay Landlord for the use of such condenser/chilled water within 30 days after the delivery of an invoice therefor.
Within 60 days after the date of this Lease, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a written notice specifying the amount of condenser/chilled water Tenant will require;  provided , that such amount cannot exceed 3 tons. If Tenant fails to deliver
such notice, Landlord cannot guaranty the quantity of condenser/chilled water that will be made available to Tenant. If, in the 12 month period following Tenant s connection to the condenser/chilled water system, Tenant fails to utilize the
quantity of condenser/chilled water requested by Tenant and allocated by Landlord, then Landlord shall have the right to reduce the amount of condenser/chilled water allocated for Tenant s use to the amount necessary to supply Tenant s
requirements as evidenced by Tenant s condenser/chilled water use for the prior 12 month period. In addition, if Tenant fails to connect to the condenser/chilled water system within 12 months after the Commencement Date, Landlord shall not be
required to make available to Tenant any condenser/chilled water.    (iv) If Tenant requires condenser/chilled water for
supplemental air-conditioning in excess of that specified in  Section 17.01(a)(iii) , Landlord shall furnish Tenant additional condenser/chilled water if and to the extent such condenser/chilled water is available as reasonably determined
by Landlord from time to time taking into account appropriate reserves to serve all of the current and anticipated future requirements of the buildings served by the Central Plant and the occupants thereof. Tenant shall pay for the cost of any such
additional condenser/chilled water supplied to Tenant in the same manner as set forth in  Section 17.01(a)(iii)  above.  
 (v) Landlord s obligations under this  Section 17.01(a)  are subject to Tenant s compliance with the
conditions of occupancy and the connected electrical load requirement set forth in  Exhibit E  attached hereto. Use of the Premises, or any part thereof, in a manner contrary to the HVAC design conditions set forth in such  Exhibit E 
(including occupancy and connected electrical load), or rearrangement of partitioning after the Commencement Date which interferes with the normal operation of the HVAC in the Premises, or the use of computer or data processing machines or other
machines or equipment in excess of typical office requirements, may require changes in the HVAC systems servicing the Premises, in order to provide comfortable occupancy. Such changes may be made by Landlord, at Tenant s expense, and Tenant
shall reimburse Landlord, within 30 days after demand, for all actual, out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in connection therewith.  
      63  

(b) Landlord shall provide reasonably sufficient (in accordance with a first class building)
passenger elevator service (on a non-exclusive basis) to each floor of the Building upon which any portion of the Premises is located during Business Hours on Business Days, and at all other times, Landlord shall have at least one passenger elevator
subject to call. Landlord shall provide freight elevator service to the Premises on a first come-first served basis ( i.e. , no advance scheduling) for Tenant s reasonable use, subject to the reasonable needs of other tenants and occupants
of the Building, during Business Hours on Business Days. If Tenant shall require use of the freight elevators at any other time, Landlord shall make the freight elevators available to Tenant subject to scheduled availability, upon not less than 1
Business Day advance notice from Tenant, and Tenant shall pay to Landlord within 30 days after demand as Additional Rent the Building Standard Rate therefor;  provided , that, in connection with Tenant s initial move into the Premises, the
first 15 hours of such overtime freight elevator service shall be at no cost to Tenant. As of the date of this Lease, based on current union rules, there is a minimum number of hours for use of the freight elevator or loading dock of 4 hours, except
if the reservation is made for a period immediately following the end of Business Hours on Business Days or for a period immediately preceding Business Hours on Business Days. As of the date of this Lease, based on current union rules, the minimum
number of hours for such overtime use on Business Days is one (1) hour where the reservation is for a period beginning immediately after Business Hours end or for a period which ends immediately preceding when Business Hours begin; the use of
freight elevators shall be on a nonexclusive basis, except with respect to the freight elevator Tenant has reserved during periods other than Business Hours. The use of the elevators shall be subject to the Rules and Regulations. The minimum number
of hours of use contained in this  Section 17.01(b)  are subject to change by Landlord if union rules change. If the Building supplies manually operated elevator service, Landlord may at any time substitute automatic control elevator
service, without reducing or otherwise affecting any of Tenant s obligations hereunder.    (c) Subject to the further provisions of
this  Section 17.01(c) , Landlord shall provide to the Premises the cleaning services set forth in the specifications attached hereto as  Exhibit F . Tenant shall pay to Landlord within 30 days after demand as Additional Rent the
Building Standard Rate, for (i) extra cleaning work required because of (A) misuse or neglect on the part of Tenant or any Subtenant or its or their employees or visitors, (B) the use of portions of the Premises for other than normal
office purposes requiring greater or more difficult cleaning work than office areas, (C) an unusual quantity of interior glass surfaces or glass partitions, or (D) an unusual quantity of non-building standard materials or finishes
installed in the Premises, (ii) removal from the Premises and the Building of any refuse and rubbish of Tenant in excess of that ordinarily accumulated in business office occupancy or at times other than Landlord s standard cleaning times
set forth below, and (iii) pest control with respect to the Premises in excess of that ordinarily provided to business office occupants in the Building. If Tenant requires any cleaning services in excess of the services specified in  Exhibit
F , Tenant, at its expense, shall contract for same directly with Landlord s cleaning contractor. Landlord, Landlord s cleaning contractor and their employees shall have access to the Premises after 5:30 p.m. and before 8:00 a.m.
( provided , that no cleaning of occupied offices or vacuuming shall be done prior to 6:00 p.m.) and shall have the right to use, without charge therefor, all light, power and water in the Premises reasonably required to clean the Premises as
required under this  Section 17.01(c) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall not be required to clean any  
      64  

portion of the Premises used for the preparation, serving or consumption of food or beverages, training rooms, LAN rooms, computer rooms, data processing or reproducing operations, pantries or
private lavatories or toilets or other special purposes requiring greater or more difficult cleaning work than office areas and, in such areas, Tenant shall, at Tenant s expense, retain Landlord s cleaning contractor to perform such
cleaning, provided such contractor charges commercially reasonable rates. If the Premises be or become infested with vermin as a result of the use or any misuse or neglect of the Premises by Tenant, its agents, employees, visitors or licensees,
Tenant shall at Tenant s expense cause the same to be exterminated from time to time to the reasonable satisfaction of Landlord and shall employ such exterminators and such exterminating company or companies as shall be reasonably approved by
Landlord.    (d) Landlord shall furnish to each floor of the Building upon which any portion of the Premises is located reasonable
quantities of cold water for drinking and pantry use, and hot and cold water for core lavatory ( i.e. , not for Tenant s private bathrooms) and cleaning purposes only. If Tenant requires water for any other purposes, Landlord may, at its
election, employ one or more engineers to conduct one or more surveys of the Premises to determine Tenant s usage of hot and cold water which surveys, at Landlord s election, may be updated on an annual basis or, more frequently upon
Tenant s changed use of one or more portions of the Premises. The actual out-of-pocket cost of such surveys shall be borne by Tenant. Landlord shall bill Tenant monthly on the basis of such surveys at the Building Standard Rate for such use of
water for such other purposes, and Tenant shall pay such amounts as Additional Rent within 30 days thereafter. Alternatively, Landlord may instead install and maintain, at Tenant s expense, meters to measure Tenant s consumption of hot and
cold water including hot water for steam, in lieu of relying upon any such surveys, and Tenant shall pay Landlord as Additional Rent within 30 days after being billed therefor, at the Building Standard Rate for the cost of the quantities of items
shown on such meters.    Section 17.02  Window Cleaning . Landlord shall cause the exteriors and interiors of the windows in the
Premises to be cleaned as appropriate for a first-class office building in downtown Manhattan, subject, however, to applicable Legal Requirements, labor union requirements and delays caused by inclement weather, but in no event less frequently than
2 times per year. Tenant shall not obstruct access to any operable window or door accessing the exterior of the Building from the Premises. Tenant shall not clean, require or otherwise permit or suffer any window in the Premises to be cleaned from
the outside.    Section 17.03  Limitation on Abatement/Liability . (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided in
Section 17.03(b) below and  Articles 22  and  23 , Landlord shall have no liability to Tenant, nor shall Tenant s covenants and obligations under this Lease be reduced or abated in any manner, by reason of any inconvenience,
annoyance, interruption or injury to business arising from Landlord s making or failure to make any repairs or changes which Landlord is required or permitted by this Lease or required by applicable Legal Requirements or in good faith deems
necessary to make in or to any portion of the Project, the Real Property, the Building or the Premises, or in or to the fixtures, equipment or appurtenances of the Project, the Real Property, the Building or the Premises, or by reason of an
Unavoidable Delay. Landlord reserves the right, without any liability to Tenant and without affecting Tenant s covenants and obligations hereunder, to stop or interrupt or reduce service of any of the HVAC, electric,
 
      65  

sanitary, elevator or other Building Systems serving the Premises, or to stop or interrupt or reduce any other services required of Landlord under this Lease (whether or not specified in this
 Article 17 ), whenever and for so long as may be necessary, by reason of (i) accidents, emergencies, strikes or the occurrence of any other similar events, (ii) the making of repairs or changes which Landlord is required or is permitted by
this Lease or by applicable Legal Requirements to make or in good faith deems necessary, (iii) difficulty in securing proper supplies of fuel, steam, water, electricity, labor or supplies, or (iv) any Unavoidable Delay, whether similar or
dissimilar. Provided Landlord is reasonably able to do so, Landlord shall give reasonable advance notice to Tenant of any such stoppage or interruption and will with reasonable diligence take such steps as are reasonably available to Landlord to
minimize the interference with Tenant s access to and/or use of the Premises arising from such stoppage or interruption;  provided , that Landlord shall have no obligation to take such steps by performing work on an overtime basis unless
Tenant pays any excess charges to Landlord for such overtime work. Without limiting any of Landlord s other rights and remedies, if Tenant shall be in default beyond any applicable grace or notice and cure period, Landlord shall not be
obligated to furnish to the Premises any service outside of Business Hours on Business Days (unless Tenant pays for same in advance), and Landlord shall have no liability to Tenant by reason of any failure to provide, or discontinuance of, any such
service.    (b) If, without having been caused by Tenant or any Persons claiming through or under Tenant, a material portion of the Premises
is rendered Untenantable for a period of 7 consecutive Business Days by reason of any stoppage or interruption of (i) any of the services Landlord is required to provide pursuant to  Sections 17.01(a)  to  (d)  above or (ii) any
electricity to the Premises, due, in any case referred to in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii), to Landlord s repair or failure to repair any Building facilities and systems or electrical risers that Landlord is required under this Lease to
repair, in each case for reasons other than an Unavoidable Delay or an event described in  Articles 22  and  23 , following the date that Tenant shall have given Landlord notice of such event which rendered a material portion of the
Premises Untenantable, then for the period commencing on the 8th consecutive Business Day that such material portion of the Premises is so rendered Untenantable following the date that Tenant shall have given Landlord notice of the same, Base Rent
and Additional Rent payable pursuant to  Article 4  shall be appropriately abated for so much of the Premises as shall be so Untenantable. The abatement of Base Rent and Additional Rent under this  Section 17.03(b)  shall be
Tenant s sole and exclusive remedy in the event any portion of the Premises is rendered Untenantable.   Untenantable   means that Tenant shall be unable to occupy, and shall not be occupying, the Premises or the applicable
portion thereof. The entry by Tenant to the affected portion of the Premises on a limited basis solely to retrieve files and documents (and not for the conduct of business) or to remove food or clean or inspect food service areas or the existence in
the Premises of Tenant s Property shall not by itself be deemed to be  occupying the Premises  for purpose of this  Section 17.03(b) . Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this  Section 17.03(b) , Tenant shall
not be entitled to any rent abatement for an interruption in or stoppage of any service or in electricity to the Premises arising by reason of any cause emanating from outside the Building (including a failure by the electric service provider to
supply electricity to the Building, other than as a result of a failure by Landlord timely to pay bills rendered to Landlord by the electric service provider). For the purposes of this  Section 17.03(b) , the term  material
portion  of the Premises means more than 10% of the rentable square foot area of the  
      66  

Premises. If Tenant has paid to Landlord any Base Rent and/or Additional Rent with respect to which Tenant is entitled to an abatement pursuant to this  Section 17.03(b) , Landlord shall (i)
credit the amount so paid against the next payment of Base Rent and/or Additional Rent, as applicable, coming due or, (ii) if this Lease shall have terminated, refund the same to Tenant, which such obligation shall survive this Lease.  
 Section 17.04  Signage .  
 (a) Tenant shall not be permitted to have any signage on the exterior of the Building or in the Building lobby, and no lettering, sign,
advertisement, notice or object shall be displayed in or on the exterior windows or doors, or on the outside of the Premises, or at any point inside the Premises where the same are visible outside of the Premises, without the prior written approval
of Landlord;  provided , that (i) Tenant may install identification signage on the entry doors to the Premises, subject to Landlord s consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, and (ii) Landlord, at Landlord s expense, shall install
Building standard directional signage in the elevator lobby of the floor of the Building upon which the Premises is located. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant shall be listed in the Building directory, if any.  
 (b) Tenant s signage rights under this  Section 17.04  are non-exclusive.  
 (c) Tenant shall be responsible for obtaining all necessary permits and approvals from governmental authorities having jurisdiction for the
design, installation and maintenance of all Tenant s signs.    Section 17.05  Building Name . Landlord reserves the right to
name the Building and to change the name or address of the Building at any time and from time to time.    Section 17.06  Space
Excluded from Premises; Pipes, Ducts and Conduits, Etc . Subject to the provisions of the following sentence, the Premises shall consist solely of the space within the inside surfaces of all walls, hung ceilings, floors, windows and doors
bounding the Premises, and shall specifically exclude all other portions of the Building, including the exterior Building walls, core corridor walls and doors, and any core corridor entrances, terraces or roofs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Premises shall exclude any space (whether or not otherwise within the Premises) that is above the hung ceiling or below the floor, or enclosed in columns, which may be used for shafts, stacks, pipes, conduits, fan rooms, ducts, electricity,
communications, sinks or other Building facilities or utilities, and the use thereof, and access thereto through the Premises, is reserved exclusively to Landlord;  provided , that Tenant may use same to the extent reasonably necessary for
cabling and wiring. Tenant shall permit Landlord to erect, use and maintain pipes, ducts and conduits in and through the Premises;  provided , that the same are installed adjacent to or concealed behind walls and ceilings within or bounding the
Premises and by such methods and at such locations as will not interfere with or impair Tenant s layout or use of the Premises or any Alterations in more than a de minimis way. In addition to the foregoing, Tenant acknowledges and agrees that
Landlord has a film installed on the inside of the windows of the Building and that Landlord shall have access thereto in connection with the installation, maintenance or replacement of such film;  provided , that any replacement film shall be
of at least substantially similar clarity.  
      67  

Section 17.07  Storage of Repair Materials . Landlord, Ground Lessor, or any Superior
Mortgagee, as the case may be, during the progress of any repair, alteration or work referred to in  Section 17.06  or otherwise required or permitted by this Lease or applicable Legal Requirements or deemed reasonably necessary by
Landlord, may keep and store in or at the Premises, subject to the reasonable requirements of Tenant and any Subtenant (except in cases of emergency or apparent emergency), reasonable quantities of materials, tools, supplies and equipment reasonably
necessary to be so stored, in locations reasonably designated by Tenant. Landlord, Ground Lessor, or any Superior Mortgagee, as the case may be, provided that such party exercises reasonable care, shall not be liable for inconvenience, annoyance,
disturbance, loss of business or other damage of Tenant or any Subtenant by reason of making such repairs or the performance of any such alterations, work, or on account of bringing materials, tools, supplies and equipment into the Premises during
the course thereof, and the obligations of Tenant under this Lease shall not be affected thereby; provided, that Landlord shall repair any damage caused thereby. To the extent that Landlord, Ground Lessor or any Superior Mortgagee undertakes such
repairs, alterations or work and the same shall require interruption of any services to or access of Tenant or a Subtenant or the entry into any space covered by this Lease or a sublease, such work or repairs shall be commenced and completed with
reasonable diligence, subject to any Unavoidable Delay, and in such a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with the conduct of business in such space, but such work or repairs need not be performed outside of normal Business Hours on Business
Days. Nothing in this  Article 17  or elsewhere in this Lease shall imply any duty upon the part of Landlord, Ground Lessor or any Superior Mortgagee to do any work not otherwise required to be done by such parties hereunder, and the
performance of any work by Landlord, Ground Lessor or any Superior Mortgagee shall not constitute a waiver of Tenant s default in failing to perform the same.  
 Section 17.08  Access by Landlord and Others . Tenant shall permit Landlord, Ground Lessor and any Superior Mortgagee, and their
respective agents or representatives, to enter the Premises, at all reasonable times on reasonable notice (except in the case of emergency), which notice may be given orally, and in the presence of Tenant or its representative (except in the case of
an emergency, in which event no prior notice is required), if such representative is available and present, but subject to the reasonable requirements of Tenant and of any Subtenant, for the purpose of (a) inspecting the Premises, (b) determining
whether or not Tenant or any Subtenant is in compliance with its obligations hereunder, and (c) making any repairs or alterations to the Premises or to the Building and/or performing any work therein or in the Building, if reasonably desired by
Landlord or necessitated by any Legal Requirements, Insurance Requirements or other provision of this Lease, or otherwise permitted hereunder.  
 Section 17.09  Building Access; Changes Therein . Landlord reserves the right, at any time and from time to time, to make, cause to
be made or permit changes in or to the Project, including all public entrances, passageways, concourses, doors, doorways, corridors, elevators, escalators, stairways, restrooms, any pedestrian bridges and the plaza and esplanade, including any of
the same connecting the Building with any subway or any other building, improved area or public space, and all other parts of the Project (including the Building), all as Landlord may deem necessary or desirable, provided any such change does not
deprive Tenant of reasonable access to the Premises and common areas of the Building in a reasonably comparable manner as prior to such changes and does not adversely affect the first-class nature of the Building. Tenant
 
      68  

shall not have any easement or other right in or to the use of any public entrances, passageways, concourses, doors, doorways, corridors, elevators, escalators, stairways, restrooms, or any
pedestrian bridge, plaza or esplanade, including any of the same connecting the Building with any subway or any other building, improved area or public space, or any other parts of the Project, and the use of any of the foregoing may, without notice
to Tenant, be regulated or discontinued at any time by Landlord, subject to the preceding sentence. The exercise by Landlord of any of its rights under this Section 17.09 shall not constitute an actual or constructive eviction, cause Landlord to
incur any liability to Tenant or cause Tenant to be entitled to any diminution or abatement of Rent. Provided that Tenant shall observe and comply with the Rules and Regulations, Landlord shall provide access to the Building and the Premises 24
hours per day, 7 days per week.    Section 17.10  Emergency Access . If Tenant shall not be personally present to open and permit
an entry into the Premises at any time when for any reason of fire or apparent emergency (i.e., a condition presenting or appearing to present imminent danger to the health and safety of persons or to property) Landlord requires access to the
Premises, then Landlord or Landlord s agents may forcibly enter the same without rendering Landlord or such agents liable therefor (if during such entry Landlord or Landlord s agents shall accord reasonable care to Tenant s Property)
and without in any manner affecting the obligations and covenants of this Lease. Within a reasonable time after such forced entry, Landlord shall give Tenant notice of the same.  
 Section 17.11  Showing the Premises . Landlord and Persons authorized by Landlord shall have the right to enter and pass through the
Premises at any reasonable time upon reasonable notice to Tenant (which notice may be given orally) to show the Premises to prospective purchasers, mortgagees and lessees of any interest in the Project or any part thereof. During the period of 18
months prior to the end of the Term, Landlord and Persons authorized by Landlord shall have the right at any reasonable time upon reasonable notice to Tenant to exhibit the Premises to prospective tenants of the Premises. Each Person entering the
Premises pursuant to this  Section 17.11  may be accompanied by a representative of Tenant if such representative is available and present.  
 Section 17.12  Premises Access; Changes Therein . Tenant shall have the right to install and change additional locks or other
security devices in or to the Premises,  provided , that Tenant shall have provided Landlord with copies of any keys, codes or combinations prior to such installation.  
 Section 17.13  Telecommunication Risers . Landlord shall permit the cable television company serving the area in which the Building
is located to provide (at Tenant s expense) cable television service to all floors of the Building upon which any portion of the Premises is located. All Tenant s communication equipment, switches, etc. (as opposed to the suppliers 
equipment, switches, etc.) shall be located in the Premises.    Section 17.14  Security . Landlord shall provide security for the
Building utilizing personnel, equipment, systems and procedures, either individually or in combination, consistent with and comparable to other first-class office buildings in downtown Manhattan. Tenant, at Tenant s expense and subject to
obtaining the necessary approvals required under this Lease  
      69  

(including those approvals required pursuant to  Article 14 ), may install or implement a security system within the Premises, and may, at Tenant s expense, integrate such security
system with Landlord s security system;  provided , that Landlord s access to the Premises shall not be impeded in any way and at any time.  
 Section 17.15  Other Services . Except as expressly set forth in this  Article 17 , Landlord shall have no obligation to
provide any services to the Premises.    ARTICLE 18  
 BROKERS    Section 18.01
 Designated Brokers . Landlord and Tenant each represents and warrants to the other that it has not dealt with any broker, finder or consultant in connection with this Lease other than Cushman   Wakefield, Inc. and Jones Lang LaSalle
Brokerage, Inc. (  JLL  ), each representing Tenant, and JLL, representing Landlord (collectively, the   Brokers  ). Landlord shall be responsible for any commission, fee or other compensation payable to the Brokers in
connection with this Lease, pursuant to separate agreement.    Section 18.02  Indemnification . Landlord and Tenant shall each
indemnify and hold harmless the other party from and against any and all claims, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements) incurred by such other party in connection with a breach or alleged breach of the
indemnifying party s representation and warranty contained in  Section 18.01 .    Section 18.03  Survival . The
provisions of this  Article 18  shall survive the termination or expiration of this Lease.    ARTICLE 19  
 RIGHT TO PERFORM TENANT S COVENANTS  
 Section 19.01  Right to Perform Tenant s Covenants . If Tenant fails to perform any of its obligations under this Lease,
Landlord, any Superior Lessor or any Superior Mortgagee (each, a   Curing Party  ) may perform the same at the expense of Tenant (a) immediately and without notice in the case of emergency or in case such failure interferes with
the use of space by any other tenant in the Building or with the operation of the Building or may result in a violation of any Legal Requirements or in a cancellation of any insurance policy maintained by Landlord and (b) in any other case if such
failure continues beyond any applicable grace, notice or cure period.    Section 19.02  Reimbursement by Tenant . All reasonable,
out-of-pocket sums paid by a Curing Party and all reasonable, out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements) incurred by a Curing Party in connection with its actions pursuant to
 Section 19.01 , together with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the respective dates that such Curing Party makes each such payment until the date of actual repayment to such Curing Party, shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord
within 30 days after demand as Additional Rent. Any payment or performance by a Curing Party pursuant to the foregoing provisions of  
      70  

this  Article 19  shall not be nor be deemed to be a waiver or release of any breach or default of Tenant with respect thereto or of the right of Landlord to terminate this Lease, institute
summary proceedings and/or take such other action as may be permissible hereunder if an Event of Default shall exist. In the proof of any damages which Landlord may claim against Tenant arising out of or by reason of Tenant s failure to provide
and keep insurance in force, Landlord shall not be limited to the amount of the insurance premium not paid, but Landlord also shall be entitled to recover, as damages for such breach, the uninsured amount of any loss and damage and the costs and
expenses of suit actually incurred by Landlord, including reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements, suffered or incurred, which loss and damage and costs and expenses, was required to be insured against hereunder.  
 ARTICLE 20    EVENTS OF DEFAULT;
REMEDIES    Section 20.01  Events of Default . The occurrence of any of the following events shall be an   Event of
Default   hereunder:    (a) If Tenant shall fail to pay any installment of any Base Rent or any installment of Additional Rent, or
any part thereof, when the same shall be due and payable, and such failure shall continue for a period of 5 Business Days after notice from Landlord to Tenant of such default;  
 (b) If a default of the kind set forth in  Section 20.01(c)  below shall occur and have been cured, and if a similar material,
non-monetary default shall occur more than twice within the next 365 days, whether or not such similar material, non-monetary defaults are cured within the applicable cure period;  
 (c) If Tenant shall fail to observe or perform one or more of the other terms, conditions, covenants or agreements of this Lease (other than a
default of the character referred to in  Section 20.01(a) ,  (b)  or  (d)  through  (m))  and such failure shall continue for a period of 20 days after the giving of written notice thereof by Landlord to Tenant and specifying
such failure (unless such failure requires work to be performed, acts to be done, or conditions to be removed which cannot, either by their nature or by reason of Unavoidable Delays, reasonably be performed, done or removed, as the case may be,
within such 20 day period, in which case no Event of Default shall be deemed to exist by reason of such failure as long as Tenant shall have commenced curing the same within such 20 day period and shall prosecute the same to completion with
reasonable diligence);    (d) If Tenant shall admit, in writing, that it is unable to pay its debts as such debts become due;  
 (e) If Tenant shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;  
 (f) If Tenant shall file a voluntary petition under Title 11 of the United States Code or if Tenant shall file any petition or answer seeking,
consenting to or acquiescing in any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief  
      71  

under present or any future federal bankruptcy code or any other present or future applicable federal, state or
other statute or law, or shall seek or consent to or acquiesce in or suffer the appointment of any trustee, receiver, custodian, assignee, sequestrator, liquidator or other similar official of Tenant or of any substantial part of its properties or
of the Premises or any interest therein of Tenant, or if Tenant shall take any corporate or other action in furtherance of any action described in  Section 20.01(e) , this  Section 20.01(f)  or  Section 20.01(g) ;  
 (g) If a petition under Title 11 of the United States Code is filed against Tenant and an order for relief is granted, or, if, within 45 days
after the commencement of any proceeding against Tenant seeking any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under the present or any future federal bankruptcy code or any other present or
future applicable federal, state or other statute or law, such proceeding shall not have been dismissed, or if, within 45 days after the appointment of any trustee, receiver, custodian, assignee, sequestrator, liquidator or other similar official of
Tenant, without the consent or acquiescence of Tenant, or of any substantial part of its properties or of the Premises or any interest therein of Tenant, such appointment shall not have been vacated or stayed on appeal or otherwise, or if, within 45
days after the expiration of any such stay, such appointment shall not have been vacated;    (h) If this Lease or the estate of Tenant
hereunder shall be assigned or transferred, or the Premises (or any part thereof) shall be subleased or used and occupied by persons or entities other than Tenant, in violation of or without compliance with the provisions of this Lease applicable
thereto and such violation or noncompliance shall continue for a period of 15 days after the giving of notice thereof by Landlord to Tenant specifying such violation or noncompliance;  
 (i) If a levy under execution or attachment shall be made against Tenant or its interest in the Premises or any part thereof and such
execution or attachment shall not be vacated or removed by court order, bonding or otherwise within a period of 20 days after Tenant becoming aware of same;  
 (j) If this Lease or the estate of Tenant hereunder shall be mortgaged or encumbered, unless fully discharged (of record, if recorded) within
5 days after notice thereof from Landlord to Tenant or, in the case of any mechanics  or similar lien, 20 days after Tenant becoming aware of same;  
 (k) Intentionally omitted;    (l)
If Tenant rejects this Lease in connection with any action or proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code; and/or    (m) If Tenant shall abandon
the Premises with no intent to return (and the fact that any of Tenant s Property remains in the Premises shall not be evidence that Tenant has not abandoned the Premises) and fail to secure the Premises.  
 Section 20.02  Right to Enforce . If an Event of Default shall occur, Landlord may elect to proceed by appropriate judicial
proceedings, either at law or in equity, to enforce the performance or observance by Tenant of the applicable provisions of this Lease and/or to recover damages for breach thereof.  
      72  

Section 20.03  Remedies . (a) If any Event of Default described in
 Section 20.01(d) ,  (e) ,  (f) ,  (g)  or  (l)  shall occur, then to the extent permitted by law, this Lease and the Term and all rights of Tenant under this Lease shall expire and terminate on the date on which such
Event of Default occurs, as if such date were the date herein definitely fixed for the expiration of the Term, and Tenant immediately shall quit and surrender the Premises, but Tenant shall remain liable for damages as hereinafter provided. If any
Event of Default described in  Section 20.01(a) ,  (b) ,  (c) ,  (h) ,  (i) ,  (j)  or  (m)  shall occur and Landlord, at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, at its option,
gives written notice to Tenant stating that this Lease and the Term shall expire and terminate on the date specified in such notice, which date shall be not less than 5 days after the giving of such notice, then this Lease and the Term and all
rights of Tenant under this Lease shall expire and terminate on the date specified in such notice as if such date were the date herein definitely fixed for the expiration of the Term, and upon any such expiration and termination, Tenant immediately
shall quit and surrender the Premises, but Tenant shall remain liable for damages as hereinafter provided. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if such termination shall be stayed by order of any court having jurisdiction over
any proceeding described in  Section 20.01(f)  or  (g) , or by federal or state statute, then, following the expiration of any such stay, or if the trustee appointed in any such proceeding, Tenant or Tenant as debtor-in-possession shall
fail to assume Tenant s obligations under this Lease within the period prescribed therefor by law or within 120 days after entry of the order for relief or as may be allowed by the court, or if such trustee, Tenant or Tenant as
debtor-in-possession shall fail to provide adequate protection of Landlord s right, title and interest in and to the Premises or adequate assurance of the complete and continuous future performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease
as provided in  Section 20.13 , Landlord, to the extent permitted by law or by leave of the court having jurisdiction over such proceeding, shall have the right, at its election, to terminate this Lease on 5 days notice to Tenant, Tenant
as debtor-in-possession or such trustee and upon the expiration of such 5 day period this Lease shall cease and expire as aforesaid and Tenant, Tenant as debtor-in-possession and/or said trustee shall immediately quit and surrender the Premises as
aforesaid, but Tenant shall remain liable for damages as hereinafter provided. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of Landlord s rights and remedies under Section 365(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, and all such rights and
remedies are hereby expressly reserved.    (b) If an Event of Default described in  Section 20.01(a)  for default in the payment of
Rent shall occur, or if this Lease shall be terminated as provided in  Section 20.03(a) , Landlord, without notice, may dispossess Tenant by summary proceedings or by any suitable action or proceeding at law or by force or otherwise.  
 Section 20.04  Removal of Tenant . If this Lease shall be terminated as provided in  Section 20.03(a)  or Tenant shall be
dispossessed as provided in  Section 20.03(b) , then    (a) Landlord or Landlord s agents or servants, may immediately or at
any time thereafter lawfully re-enter the Premises and remove therefrom Tenant, its agents, employees, servants, licensees, and any Subtenant and other Persons holding or claiming by,  
      73  

through or under Tenant, and all or any of its or their property, without being liable for indictment, prosecution or damages therefor, and repossess and enjoy the Premises, together with all
additions, alterations and improvements thereto;    (b) All of the right, title, estate and interest of Tenant in and to (i) the Premises,
all changes, additions and alterations therein, and all renewals and replacements thereof and (ii) all rents, issues and profits of the Premises, or any part thereof, whether then accrued or to accrue, shall automatically pass to, vest in and belong
to Landlord, without further action on the part of either party, free of any claim thereto by Tenant, or any party claiming by, through or under Tenant;  
 (c) Tenant shall pay to Landlord all Rent payable by Tenant under this Lease to the date upon which this Lease and the Term shall have expired
and come to an end or to the date of re-entry upon the Premises by Landlord, as the case may be;    (d) Landlord may repair and alter the
Premises in such manner as Landlord may deem necessary or advisable without relieving Tenant of any liability under this Lease or otherwise affecting any such liability, and/or let or relet the Premises or any parts thereof alone or, at
Landlord s option, together with other space in the Building, for the whole or any part of the remainder of the Term or for a longer period, in Landlord s name or as agent of Tenant, and out of any rent or other sums collected or received
as a result of such reletting of the Premises Landlord shall: (i) first, pay to itself the cost and expense of terminating this Lease, re-entering, retaking, repossessing, completing construction of and repairing and/or altering the Premises, or any
part thereof, and the cost and expense of removing all persons and property therefrom, including in such costs brokerage commissions, legal expenses and attorneys  fees and disbursements, (ii) second, pay to itself the cost and expense
sustained in securing any new tenants and other occupants, including in such costs brokerage commissions, legal expenses and attorneys  fees and disbursements and other expenses of preparing the Premises for reletting, and, if Landlord shall
maintain and operate the Premises, the cost and expense of such operation and maintenance, and (iii) third, pay to itself any balance remaining on account of the liability of Tenant to Landlord. Landlord in no way shall be responsible or liable for
any failure to relet the Premises or any part thereof, or for any failure to collect any rent due on any such reletting, and no such failure to relet or to collect rent shall operate to relieve Tenant of any liability under this Lease or to
otherwise affect any such liability; and in no event shall Tenant be entitled to receive any excess of such annual rents over the sums payable by Tenant to Landlord hereunder;  
 (e) Tenant shall be liable for and shall pay to Landlord, as damages, any deficiency (  Deficiency  ) between the Rent reserved
in this Lease for the period which otherwise would have constituted the unexpired portion of the Term had this Lease not been terminated pursuant to  Section 20.03(a)  and the net amount, if any, of rents collected under any reletting of
the Premises effected pursuant to the provisions of  Section 20.04(d)  for any part of such period (which net amount shall be determined after deducting from the rents collected under any such reletting of the Premises all of the payments
to Landlord described in  Section 20.04(d) ); any such Deficiency shall be paid in installments by Tenant on the days specified in this Lease for payment of installments of Rent, and Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant each
Deficiency installment as the same shall arise, and no suit to collect the amount of the Deficiency for any installment period shall prejudice Landlord s right to collect the Deficiency for any subsequent installment period by a similar
proceeding; and  
      74  

(f) Whether or not Landlord shall have collected any Deficiency installments as aforesaid,
Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant, and Tenant shall pay to Landlord, after demand, in lieu of any further Deficiency installments, as and for liquidated and agreed final damages (it being agreed that it would be impracticable or
extremely difficult to fix the actual damage), a sum equal to the amount by which the Rent reserved in this Lease for the period which otherwise would have constituted the unexpired portion of the Term had this Lease not been terminated pursuant to
 Section 20.03(a)  exceeds the then fair and reasonable rental value of the Premises for the same period, both discounted to present worth at the rate of 3% per annum less the aggregate amount of Deficiencies theretofore collected by
Landlord pursuant to the provisions of  Section 20.04(e)  for the same period; it being agreed that before presentation of proof of such liquidated damages to any court, commission or tribunal, if the Premises, or any substantial part thereof,
shall have been relet by Landlord for the period which otherwise would have constituted the unexpired portion of the Term had this Lease not been terminated pursuant to  Section 20.03(a) , or any part thereof, the amount of rent reserved upon
such reletting shall be deemed, prima facie, to be the fair and reasonable rental value for the part or the whole of the Premises so relet during the term of the reletting.  
 Section 20.05  Tenant s Obligation Unaffected . No termination of this Lease pursuant to  Section 20.03(a)  or
 (b) , and no taking possession of and/or reletting of the Premises, or any part thereof, pursuant to  Section 20.03(b)  and  Section 20.04(a)  or  (b) , shall relieve Tenant of its liabilities and obligations hereunder, all
of which shall survive such expiration, termination, repossession or reletting except as otherwise specifically provided.  
 Section 20.06  Waiver of Jury Trial . To the extent not prohibited by law, Landlord and Tenant waive and shall waive trial by jury
in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the parties hereto against the other on any matter whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with this Lease, the relationship of Landlord and Tenant, Tenant s use or
occupancy of the Premises, or any claim of injury or damage.    Section 20.07  Suits by Landlord . One or more suits for the
recovery of damages, or for a sum equal to any installment or installments of Rent payable hereunder or any Deficiencies or other sums payable by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to this  Article 20 , may be brought by Landlord from time to time at
Landlord s election, and nothing herein contained shall be deemed to require Landlord to await the date whereon the Term would have expired had there been no Event of Default by Tenant and termination.  
 Section 20.08  Recovery Not Limited . Nothing contained in this  Article 20  shall limit or prejudice the right of Landlord to
prove and obtain as damages in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or dissolution proceeding an amount equal to the maximum allowed by a statute or rule of law governing such proceeding and in effect at the time when such
damages are to be proved, whether or not such amount shall be greater than, equal to or less than the amount of the damages referred to in any of the preceding provisions of this  Article 20 .  
      75  

Section 20.09  Receipt of Money Not a Waiver . No receipt of moneys by Landlord from
Tenant after the termination of this Lease or after the giving of any notice of the termination of this Lease shall reinstate, continue or extend the Term or affect any notice theretofore given to Tenant, or operate as a waiver of the right of
Landlord to enforce the payment of Rent payable by Tenant hereunder or thereafter falling due, or operate as a waiver of the right of Landlord to recover possession of the Premises by proper remedy, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, it
being agreed that after the service of notice to terminate this Lease or the commencement of any suit or summary proceedings, or after a final order or judgment for the possession of the Premises, Landlord may demand, receive and collect any moneys
due or thereafter falling due without in any manner affecting such notice, proceeding, order, suit or judgment, all such moneys collected being deemed payments on account of the use and occupancy of the Premises or, at the election of Landlord, on
account of Tenant s liability hereunder.    Section 20.10  Waiver of Other Notices and Right of Redemption . Tenant hereby
expressly waives the service of any notice of intention to re-enter provided for in any statute, or in the institution of legal proceedings to that end, and Tenant, for and on behalf of itself and all persons claiming through or under Tenant, also
waives any and all right of redemption provided by any law or statute now in force or hereafter enacted or otherwise, or re-entry or repossession or to restore the operation of this Lease in case Tenant shall be dispossessed by a judgment or by
warrant of any court or judge or in case of re-entry or repossession by Landlord or in case of any expiration or termination of this Lease. The terms  enter ,  re-enter ,  entry  or  re-entry , as used in this
Lease are not restricted to their technical legal meaning.    Section 20.11  Waiver Only in Writing . (a) No failure by
Landlord to insist upon the strict performance by Tenant of any covenant, agreement, term or condition of this Lease or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof, and no payment or acceptance of full or partial Rent during the
continuance of any such breach, shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or of such covenant, agreement, term or condition. No covenant, agreement, term or condition of this Lease to be performed or complied with by either party, and no breach
thereof by either party, shall be waived, altered or modified except by a written instrument executed by the other party. No waiver by either party of any breach shall affect or alter this Lease, but each and every covenant, agreement, term and
condition of this Lease shall continue in full force and effect with respect to any other then existing or subsequent breach thereof.    (b)
No failure by Tenant to insist upon the strict performance by Landlord of any covenant, agreement, term or condition of this Lease or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or of
such covenant, agreement, term or condition.    Section 20.12  Other Remedies; Right to Injunction . Nothing contained in this
Lease shall be construed as limiting or precluding the recovery by Landlord against Tenant of any sums or damages to which, in addition to the damages particularly provided above, Landlord may lawfully be entitled by reason of any Event of Default
hereunder on the part of Tenant. Anything in this Lease to the contrary notwithstanding, during the continuation of any default by Tenant, Tenant shall not be entitled to receive any funds or proceeds being held, under or pursuant to this
 
      76  

Lease. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Tenant of any of its obligations under this Lease, Landlord shall also have the right of injunction. The specified remedies to which
Landlord may resort hereunder are cumulative and are not intended to be exclusive of any other remedies or means of redress to which Landlord may lawfully be entitled, and Landlord may invoke any remedy allowed at law or in equity as if specific
remedies were not herein provided for.    Section 20.13  Bankruptcy . (a) Subject to  Article 25 , if an order for
relief is entered or if a stay of proceeding or other act becomes effective in favor of Landlord or Landlord s interest in this Lease in any proceeding which is commenced by or against Landlord under the Bankruptcy Code, or any other present or
future applicable federal, state or other statute or law, Tenant shall be entitled to invoke any and all rights and remedies available to it under law or this Lease.  
 (b) If an order for relief is entered or if a stay of proceeding or other act becomes effective in favor of Tenant or Tenant s interest
in this Lease, in any proceeding which is commenced by or against Tenant, under the Bankruptcy Code, or any other present or future applicable federal, state or other statute or law, Landlord shall be entitled to invoke any and all rights and
remedies available to it under such laws or this Lease, including such rights and remedies as may be necessary to adequately protect Landlord s right, title and interest in and to the Premises or any part thereof and/or adequately ensure the
complete and continuous future performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease. Adequate protection of Landlord s right, title and interest in and to the Premises, and adequate assurance of the complete and continuous future
performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease, may include the following requirements:    (i) That Tenant shall
comply with all of its obligations under this Lease;    (ii) That Tenant shall pay to Landlord, on the 25th day of each month
commencing with the entry of such order or the effective date of such stay, a sum equal to the amount by which the Premises diminished in value during such monthly period, but, in no event, an amount which is less than the aggregate Rent payable for
such monthly period;    (iii) That Tenant shall continue to use the Premises in the manner provided by this Lease;  
 (iv) That Landlord shall be permitted to supervise the performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease;  
 (v) That Tenant shall hire, at its sole cost and expense, such security personnel as may be necessary to insure the adequate
protection and security of the Premises;    (vi) That Tenant shall pay to Landlord within 30 days after entry of such order
or the effective date of such stay, as partial adequate protection against future diminution in value of the Premises and adequate assurance of the complete and  
      77  

continuous future performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease, a security deposit in an amount reasonably acceptable to Landlord, but in no event less than the annual Rent payable
hereunder for the then current Lease Year;    (vii) That Tenant has and will continue to have unencumbered assets after the
payment of all secured obligations and administrative expenses to assure Landlord that sufficient funds will be available to fulfill the obligations of Tenant under this Lease;  
 (viii) That Landlord be granted a security interest acceptable to Landlord in property of Tenant to secure the performance of
Tenant s obligations under this Lease; and    (ix) That if Tenant s trustee, Tenant or Tenant as
debtor-in-possession assumes this Lease and proposes to assign the same (pursuant to Bankruptcy Code   365) to any Person who shall have made a bona fide offer to accept an assignment of this Lease on terms acceptable to the trustee, Tenant or
Tenant as debtor-in-possession, then notice of such assignment, setting forth (i) the name and address of such Person, (ii) all of the terms and conditions of such offer, and (iii) the adequate assurance to be provided Landlord to
assure such Person s future performance under the Lease, including the assurances referred to in Bankruptcy Code   365(b)(3), shall be given to Landlord by the trustee, Tenant or Tenant as debtor-in-possession no later than 15 days after
receipt by the trustee, Tenant or Tenant as debtor-in-possession of such offer, but in any event no later than 7 days prior to the date that the trustee, Tenant or Tenant as debtor-in-possession shall make application to a court of competent
jurisdiction for authority and approval to enter into such assignment and assumption, and Landlord shall thereupon have the prior right and option, to be exercised by notice to the trustee, Tenant or Tenant as debtor-in-possession given at any time
prior to the effective date of such proposed assignment, to accept an assignment of this Lease upon the same terms and conditions and for the same consideration, if any, as the bona fide offer made by such Person, less any brokerage commissions
which may be payable out of the consideration to be paid by such Person for the assignment of this Lease.    (c) If Tenant shall have
assigned its interest in this Lease, and this Lease shall thereafter be disaffirmed or rejected in any proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code or under the provisions of any Federal, state or foreign law of like import, or in the event of
termination of this Lease by reason of any such proceeding, the assignor or any of its predecessors in interest under this Lease, upon request of Landlord given within 90 days after such disaffirmance, rejection or termination shall enter into a new
lease as lessee with Landlord of the Premises for a term commencing on the effective date of such disaffirmance, rejection or termination and ending on the Expiration Date at the same Base Rent and Additional Rent and upon the then executory terms,
covenants and conditions as are contained in this Lease, except that (i) the rights of the lessee under the new lease, shall be subject to any possessory rights of the assignee in question under this Lease and any rights of persons claiming
through or under such assignee, (ii) such new lease shall require all defaults existing under this Lease to be cured by the lessee with reasonable diligence, and (iii) such new lease shall require the lessee to pay all
 
      78  

Additional Rent which, had this Lease not been so disaffirmed, rejected or terminated, would have become due after the effective date of such disaffirmance, rejection or termination with respect
to any prior period. If such assignor or any of its predecessors in interest under this Lease, as the case may be, shall fail or refuse to enter into the new lease within 10 days after Landlord s request to do so, then in addition to all other
rights and remedies by reason of such default, under this Lease, at law or in equity, Landlord shall have the same rights and remedies against such assignor or any of its predecessors in interest under this Lease, as the case may be, as if such
assignor or any of its predecessors in interest under this Lease, as the case may be, had entered into such new lease and such new lease had thereafter been terminated at the beginning of its term by reason of the default of the lessee thereunder.
   Section 20.14  Reimbursement for Tenant s Default . If Landlord places the enforcement of this Lease or any part thereof,
or the collection of any Rent due or to become due hereunder, or recovery of the possession of the Premises, in the hands of an attorney, or files suit in connection with the same, or in the event any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
proceeding is commenced involving Tenant, Tenant shall, after demand, reimburse Landlord for Landlord s attorneys  fees and disbursements and court costs relating in any way to such enforcement, suit, bankruptcy or insolvency, whether or
not (in the case of a bankruptcy involving Tenant) such attorneys  fees and disbursements or costs arose prior to or after the filing of the bankruptcy petition.  
 Section 20.15  Attorneys Fees  .  Subject to  Section 20.14 , the prevailing party in any action or proceeding
between Tenant and Landlord shall be reimbursed by the losing party, within 30 days after demand, for its reasonable, out-of-pocket attorneys  fees and disbursements and court costs.  
 ARTICLE 21    ARBITRATION  
 Section 21.01  Selection and Conduct . (a) In such cases where this Lease expressly provides for the settlement of a dispute or
question by arbitration, and only in such cases, the party desiring arbitration shall appoint an arbitrator on its behalf and give notice thereof to the other party who shall, within 20 days thereafter, appoint a second arbitrator on its behalf and
give written notice thereof to the first party. The two arbitrators thus appointed shall together appoint a disinterested person as a third arbitrator within 20 days after the appointment of the second arbitrator, and the three arbitrators shall as
promptly as possible determine the matter which is the subject of the arbitration. The decision of the majority of them shall be conclusive and binding on all parties, and judgment upon the award or decision may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction.    (b) If any party who shall have a right pursuant to  Section 21.01(a)  to appoint an arbitrator shall fail or
neglect to do so within the time permitted, then the other party (or if the two arbitrators appointed by the parties shall fail to appoint a third arbitrator when required hereunder, then either party) may apply to the American Arbitration
Association to appoint such arbitrator.  
      79  

(c) Arbitration shall be conducted in the City and County of New York and, to the extent
applicable and consistent with this  Article 21 , shall be in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules then obtaining of the American Arbitration Association or any successor body of similar function. The expenses of arbitration
and the fees and disbursements of the third arbitrator shall be shared equally by Landlord and Tenant but each party shall be responsible for the fees and disbursements of the arbitrator it appoints and its own attorneys and the expenses of its own
proof.    (d) Landlord and Tenant agree to, and hereby do, waive any and all rights they or either of them may at any time have to revoke
their agreement hereunder to submit to arbitration and to abide by the decision rendered thereunder.    (e) No arbitrator shall have any
power to vary or modify any of the provisions of this Lease and their jurisdiction is hereby limited accordingly.    (f) The two arbitrators
to be selected by the parties and the third arbitrator to be selected by such two arbitrators shall be licensed engineers, registered architects, licensed commercial real estate brokers, certified public accountants or other professionals, each
having at least 10 years experience in first class commercial real estate in Manhattan in the subject matter of the arbitration, and the third shall be independent.  
 (g) Any dispute relating to Landlord s reasonableness (where Landlord agreed to be reasonable) in denying its consent to a proposed
assignment or sublease pursuant to  Section 10.09  or in denying its consent to any Alterations may be determined, at Tenant s option, under the expedited procedure provisions of the Commercial Dispute Regulation Procedures of the American
Arbitration Association (presently rules E-1 through E-10).    (h) Landlord and Tenant each: (i) consent to the entry of judgment in
any court upon any award or decision rendered in any arbitration held pursuant to this  Article 21 ; and (ii) acknowledge that any award or decision rendered in any arbitration held pursuant to this  Article 21 , whether or not such
award or decision has been entered for judgment, shall be final and binding upon Landlord and Tenant.    (i) Notwithstanding anything
contained in this  Article 21  to the contrary, in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the arbitration provisions set forth in (i)  Article 33  with respect to the determination of Fair Market Rent, and
(ii) this  Article 21 , the arbitration provisions of  Article 33 , shall govern and control.    ARTICLE 22  
 CASUALTY    Section 22.01
 Restoration of the Premises . Tenant shall notify Landlord promptly of any Casualty in the Premises. If the Building or the Premises shall be partially or totally damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty (each, a
  Casualty  ) and if this Lease is not terminated as provided below, then (a) Landlord shall repair and restore the Building and the Premises (but excluding Leasehold Improvements and Tenant s Property)
(  Landlord s Restoration Work  ) to  
      80  

a condition substantially similar to the condition existing before such Casualty with reasonable dispatch (but Landlord shall not be required to perform the same on an overtime or premium pay
basis) after notice to Landlord of the Casualty and the collection of the insurance proceeds attributable to such Casualty and (b) Tenant shall repair and restore all Leasehold Improvements and Tenant s Property (  Tenant s
Restoration Work  ) to a condition substantially similar to the condition existing before such Casualty with reasonable dispatch after the Casualty. The performance by Tenant of Tenant s Restoration Work shall be subject to all of the
applicable terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease governing Alterations (including the provisions of  Article 14 ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if in Landlord s judgment, it would be appropriate for
safety reasons, health reasons or the efficient operation or restoration of the Building or the Premises for Landlord to perform all or a portion of Tenant s Restoration Work on behalf of Tenant, then (i) Landlord shall give Tenant a
notice specifying the portion of Tenant s Restoration Work to be performed by Landlord (the   Specified Restoration Work  ), (ii) Landlord shall perform the Specified Restoration Work and (iii) Tenant shall pay to
Landlord, or authorize the Depositary to pay to Landlord (as the case may be), within 30 days following the giving of Landlord s written demand therefor, the actual, out-of-pocket reasonable cost of such Specified Restoration Work (unless
Landlord shall then be holding the insurance proceeds, in which event, Landlord shall retain from such proceeds the cost of such Specified Restoration Work).  
 Section 22.02  Abatement of Rent . If all or part of the Premises shall be rendered Untenantable by reason of a Casualty, the Base
Rent and the Additional Rent under  Article 4  shall be abated in the proportion that the Untenantable area of the Premises bears to the total area of the Premises, for the period from the date of the Casualty to the earliest of (a) the
date Landlord shall have substantially completed Landlord s Restoration Work to the Premises ( provided , that if Landlord would have substantially completed Landlord s Restoration Work to the Premises at an earlier date but for
Tenant having failed to cooperate with Landlord in effecting such repairs or restoration or collecting insurance proceeds, then Landlord s Restoration Work to the Premises shall be deemed to have been substantially completed on such earlier
date and the abatement shall cease) or (b) the date Tenant or any Subtenant reoccupies a portion of the Premises for the conduct of business (in which case the Base Rent and the Additional Rent allocable to such reoccupied portion shall be
payable by Tenant from the date of such occupancy) or (c) the date the Premises is made tenantable for the conduct of business ( provided , that if the Premises would have been tenantable at an earlier date but for Tenant having failed to
cooperate with Landlord in effecting repairs or restoration or collecting insurance proceeds, then the Premises shall be deemed to have been made tenantable on such earlier date and the abatement shall cease). Notwithstanding any provision contained
in this Lease to the contrary, (i) there shall be no abatement of Rent with respect to any portion of the Premises which has not been rendered Untenantable by reason of a Casualty and which is accessible and useable for the conduct of business,
whether or not other portions of the Premises are Untenantable, and (ii) any abatement of Rent applicable to any portion of the Premises which was rendered Untenantable by reason of a Casualty shall cease on the earliest of the dates referred
to in  clauses (a), (b) or (c)  of the preceding sentence;  provided , that such portion is accessible, whether or not other portions of the Premises remain Untenantable. Such determination shall be made by Landlord acting
reasonably in a written notice to Tenant. Landlord s determination of the date Landlord s Restoration Work to the Premises shall have  
      81  

been substantially completed or the date the Premises is made tenantable shall be controlling unless Tenant disputes same by notice to Landlord given within 10 days after notice of such
determination by Landlord is given to Tenant, and pending resolution of such dispute, Tenant shall pay Rent in accordance with Landlord s determination. Nothing contained in this  Article 22  shall relieve Tenant from any liability that
may exist as a result of any Casualty.    Section 22.03  Termination . (a) If by reason of a Casualty (i) the Building
shall be totally damaged or destroyed, or (ii) the Building shall be so damaged or destroyed (whether or not the Premises are damaged or destroyed) that repair or restoration shall require more than 270 days or the expenditure of more than 30%
of the full insurable value of the Building (which, for purposes of this  Section 22.03 , means replacement cost less the cost of footings, foundations and other structures below the ground floor of the Building) immediately prior to the
Casualty (as estimated in any such case by a reputable contractor, architect or engineer designated by Landlord), then in any such case Landlord may terminate this Lease by notice given to Tenant within 120 days after the Casualty;  provided ,
that Landlord concurrently terminates leases for no less than 50% of the office space in the Building then leased to tenants (including Tenant).  
 (b) If a Casualty renders 25% or more of the Premises Untenantable Premises (a   25% Casualty  ), Landlord shall, within 90
days after such Casualty (which 90-day period shall be subject to extension by reason of any Unavoidable Delay), give a notice to Tenant stating the length of time following the Casualty that a reputable licensed architect, engineer or contractor
(the   Estimator  ) has determined that Landlord s Restoration Work to the Premises will reasonably require (the   Estimate Notice  ). If the Estimator shall determine that such Landlord s Restoration Work to
the Premises will take longer than 12 months, then, in such event, Tenant shall have the option to terminate this Lease by notice given to Landlord within 30 days following the giving of the Estimate Notice to Tenant (time being of the essence with
respect to the giving by Tenant of such notice of termination within such 30 day period). If a 25% Casualty has occurred and Landlord shall not have substantially completed Landlord s Restoration Work to the Premises within the Casualty
Restoration Period then, in such event, Tenant shall have the option to terminate this Lease by notice given to Landlord within 30 days following the expiration of the Casualty Restoration Period (time being of the essence with respect to the giving
by Tenant of such notice of termination within such 30 day period). The term   Casualty Restoration Period   means the greater of (i) the length of time following the Casualty that the Estimator determined Landlord s Restoration
Work to the Premises would reasonably require, and (ii) the 12 month period following the Casualty plus, in the case of both clause (i) and (ii) of this sentence, a period equal to the length of any delays encountered by Landlord in
performing its repair and restoration of the Premises by reason of any Unavoidable Delay. If Tenant exercises either of its options under this  Section 22.03  to terminate this Lease as a result of a Casualty, this Lease shall end and
expire 30 days following the date notice of such termination is given by Tenant;  provided  ,  that if Landlord substantially completes Landlord s Restoration Work to the Premises within such 30 day period, then such notice of
termination by Tenant shall be null and void  ab   initio  and this Lease shall remain in full force and effect. If this Lease is terminated as a result of a Casualty, Landlord shall be entitled to retain for its benefit the proceeds of
insurance maintained by Tenant on the Leasehold Improvements.  
      82  

Section 22.04  Removal of Tenant s Property . In the event of a partial or total
destruction of the Premises, Tenant shall as soon as practicable, whether or not Landlord shall have notified Tenant to remove the same, but in no event later than 10 Business Days after receiving a notice from Landlord, remove any and all of
Tenant s Property from the Premises or the portion thereof destroyed, as the case may be, and if Tenant does not promptly so remove Tenant s Property, Landlord, at Tenant s expense, may discard the same or may remove Tenant s
Property to a public warehouse for deposit or retain the same in its own possession and at its discretion may sell the same at either public auction or private sale, the proceeds of which shall be applied first to the expenses of removal, storage
and sale, second to any sums owed by Tenant to Landlord, with any balance remaining to be paid to Tenant; if the expenses of such removal, storage and sale shall exceed the proceeds of any sale, Tenant shall pay such excess to Landlord after demand.
Tenant shall be solely responsible for arranging for any visits to the Premises by Tenant s insurance adjuster that may be desired by Tenant prior to the removal of Tenant s Property by Tenant or Landlord, as provided in this
 Section 22.04 , or the performance by Landlord of Landlord s Restoration Work or the Specified Restoration Work and Landlord shall be under no obligation to delay the performance of same, nor shall Landlord have any liability to
Tenant in the event that Tenant fails to do so. Tenant shall promptly permit Landlord access to the Premises for the purpose of performing Landlord s Restoration Work and, if applicable, the Specified Restoration Work.  
 Section 22.05  No Liability for Interruption . Except as expressly provided in  Section 22.03 , Tenant shall not be entitled to
terminate this Lease, and no damages, compensation or claim shall be payable by Landlord, because of any inconvenience, loss of business or annoyance arising from any repair or restoration of any portion of the Premises or of the Building pursuant
to this  Article 22 .    Section 22.06  Tenant s Insurance Proceeds . (a) Tenant acknowledges and agrees that
Landlord will not carry insurance of any kind on any Leasehold Improvements or Tenant s Property, and Tenant shall be required to repair and restore Tenant s Property to the extent necessary to resume its operations and shall be required
to repair and restore the Leasehold Improvements, even if the insurance proceeds for Tenant s Property or the Leasehold Improvements are insufficient to pay the entire cost of such repair or restoration. All proceeds of Tenant s insurance
covering Leasehold Improvements shall be paid as provided in  Section 12.06  and this  Section 22.06.     (b) In the event
this Lease has not terminated as a result of a Casualty:    (i) Depositary or Landlord, as applicable, shall pay over to
Tenant from time to time, upon the following terms, any monies (  Restoration Funds  ) which may have been received by Depositary or Landlord, as applicable, from insurance obtained or maintained by or for the benefit of Tenant,
 provided , that Depositary or Landlord, as applicable, before paying such monies over to Tenant shall be entitled to reimburse itself therefrom to the extent, if any, of the necessary, reasonable and proper expenses (including reasonable
attorneys  fees) paid or incurred by Depositary or Landlord, as the case may be, in the collection of such monies.  
      83  

(ii) The Restoration Funds shall be paid to Tenant in installments as the
restoration progresses, less retainage in an amount, if any, customary for fee-based services of professionals such as architects and engineers and in the case of other trades, the retainage shall be determined on a contract-by-contract basis, and
shall be not less than 10% of each payment due to the contractor until completion of 50% of the work required to be performed pursuant to such contractor s contract and not less than 5% of each payment thereafter until completion of the work
required to be performed pursuant to such contractor s contract, upon application to be submitted by Tenant to Depositary or Landlord, or the case may be, documenting the cost of labor and materials (x) purchased and delivered to the
Premises (or off-site where the applicable contract provides for off-site delivery) for incorporation in the restoration and that such materials have been insured by Tenant (including insurance against vandalism, theft, malicious mischief and the
like) for 100% of the cost thereof, less reasonable deductibles, and stored at a reasonably secure and safe location, or (y) incorporated in the Premises since the last previous application, and due and payable or paid by Tenant. The entire
balance of retainage applicable to any particular trade contract shall be released upon the final completion of the  punch list  work under such contract;  provided , that in no event (other than at Tenant s request) may the
retainage held for any particular contract upon substantial completion of the relevant work be more than twice the amount of the reasonably estimated cost and expense of completing any  punch list  items and all retainage held upon such
substantial completion in excess of such amount shall be released upon substantial completion of the relevant work. Any materials stored outside the Premises shall be segregated and stored with the contractor fabricating same or in a bonded
warehouse in accordance with such requirements as Landlord may reasonably impose. If any vendor s, mechanic s, laborer s or materialman s lien is filed against the Premises or any part thereof or against Landlord or any assets of
Landlord, Tenant shall not be entitled to receive any further installment of Restoration Funds until such lien is satisfied or discharged (by bonding or otherwise). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the existence of any such lien shall not preclude
Tenant from receiving any installment of Restoration Funds;  provided , that such lien shall be discharged or bonded with funds from such installment. If Tenant shall have failed to commence the performance of, or, in the event Tenant has
commenced to perform, to diligently continue the performance of, the required repairs and restoration hereunder within 20 days after notice from Landlord of the same, Landlord shall have the right to perform such repairs and restoration at
Tenant s expense.    (c) Upon receipt by Depositary or Landlord, as the case may be, of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that the
Restoration has been completed and paid for in full and that there are no liens on the Premises as a result thereof, and after a copy of such evidence has been delivered to Landlord, the balance of the Restoration Funds shall be paid over to Tenant.
   (d) In the event of a dispute over the amount or distribution of Restoration Funds, if Landlord and Tenant are unable to resolve such
dispute within 15 days after notice of such dispute, the matter shall be submitted to arbitration in accordance with  Article 21 .  
      84  

Section 22.07  Express Agreement to the Contrary . This  Article 22  shall be
deemed an express agreement governing any damage or destruction of the Premises by fire or other casualty, and Section 227 of the New York Real Property Law providing for such a contingency in the absence of an express agreement, and any other
law of like import now or hereafter in force, shall have no application.    ARTICLE 23  
 CONDEMNATION    Section 23.01
 Taking . If there shall be a total taking of the Building in condemnation proceedings or by any right of eminent domain, this Lease and the Term and estate hereby granted shall terminate as of the date of taking of possession by the condemning
authority and all Base Rent and Additional Rent under  Article 4  shall be prorated and paid as of such termination date. If there shall be a taking of any material (in Landlord s reasonable judgment) portion of the Land or the Building
(whether or not the Premises are affected by such taking), then Landlord may terminate this Lease and the Term and estate granted hereby by giving notice to Tenant within 60 days after the date of taking of possession by the condemning authority. If
there shall be a taking of the Premises of such scope (but in no event less than 25% of the Premises) that the untaken part of the Premises would in Tenant s reasonable judgment be uneconomic to operate, then Tenant may terminate this Lease and
the Term and estate granted hereby by giving notice to Landlord within 60 days after the date of taking of possession by the condemning authority. If either Landlord or Tenant shall give a termination notice as aforesaid, then this Lease and the
Term and estate granted hereby shall terminate as of the date of such notice and all Base Rent and Additional Rent under  Article 4  shall be prorated and paid as of such termination date. In the event of a taking of the Premises which does not
result in the termination of this Lease (a) the Term and estate hereby granted with respect to the taken part of the Premises shall terminate as of the date of taking of possession by the condemning authority and all Base Rent and Additional
Rent under  Article 4  shall be appropriately abated for the period from such date to the Expiration Date and (b) Landlord shall perform the work required to be performed by Landlord pursuant to  Section 23.04  of this Lease.
  Condemnation   means a total or partial taking in condemnation or by right of eminent domain.    Section 23.02
 Condemnation Awards . In the event of any taking of all or a part of the Building, Landlord shall be entitled to receive the entire award in the condemnation proceeding, including, without limitation, any award made for the value of the estate
vested by this Lease in Tenant or any value attributable to the unexpired portion of the Term, and Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord any and all right, title and interest of Tenant now or hereafter arising in or to any such award or any part
thereof, and Tenant shall be entitled to receive no part of such award;  provided , that nothing shall preclude Tenant from making a separate claim in any such condemnation proceeding to receive from the condemning authority any compensation to
which Tenant may otherwise lawfully be entitled in such case in respect of Tenant s Property and moving expenses, provided such compensation does not include any value of the estate vested by this Lease in Tenant or of the unexpired portion of
the Term and does not reduce the amount available to Landlord or materially delay the payment thereof.  
      85  

Section 23.03  Temporary Taking . If all or any part of the Premises shall be taken for
a limited period, Tenant shall be entitled, except as hereinafter set forth, to that portion of the award for such taking which represents compensation for the use and occupancy of the Premises, for the taking of Tenant s Property and for
moving expenses, and Landlord shall be entitled to that portion which represents reimbursement for the cost of restoration of the Premises. This Lease shall remain unaffected by such taking and Tenant shall continue to be responsible for all of its
obligations under this Lease to the extent such obligations are not affected by such taking and shall continue to pay in full all Rent when due. If the period of temporary use or occupancy shall extend beyond the Expiration Date, that part of the
award which represents compensation for the use and occupancy of the Premises shall be apportioned between Landlord and Tenant as of the Expiration Date. Any award for temporary use and occupancy for a period beyond the date to which the Rent has
been paid shall be paid to, held and applied by Landlord as a trust fund for payment of the Rent thereafter becoming due.  
 Section 23.04  Restoration . In the event of any taking which does not result in termination of this Lease, (a) Landlord,
whether or not any award shall be sufficient therefor, shall proceed with reasonable diligence to repair the remaining parts of the Building and the Premises (other than those parts of the Premises which constitute Tenant s Property and
Leasehold Improvements) to substantially their former condition to the extent that the same may be feasible (subject to reasonable changes which Landlord deems desirable) and so as to constitute a complete and rentable Building and Premises and
(b) Tenant, whether or not any award shall be sufficient therefor, shall proceed with reasonable diligence to repair the remaining parts of the Premises which constitute Tenant s Property and Leasehold Improvements, to substantially their
former condition to the extent that the same may be feasible, subject to reasonable changes which shall be deemed Alterations.    ARTICLE 24
   REPRESENTATIONS BY LANDLORD  
 Section 24.01  Absence of Representations and Reliance . Except as expressly set forth in this Lease, Tenant agrees that no
representations, statements, or warranties, express or implied, have been made by or on behalf of Landlord in respect of the Premises or the physical condition thereof or the Building or any of the mechanical, structural, electrical or other systems
therein, the space or square footage therein, the laws, regulations, rules and orders applicable thereto or any other matter applicable to this Lease, that Tenant has relied on no such representations, statements or warranties and that neither
Landlord nor Ground Lessor, nor any of their respective agents, shall in any event whatsoever be liable by reason of any claim of representation or misrepresentation or breach of warranty with respect thereto (except with respect to any
representation expressly set forth herein).  
      86  

ARTICLE 25  
 LIMITATION ON LIABILITY; CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES  
 Section 25.01  No Liability . (a) Neither Landlord, the Property Manager, Ground Lessor nor any Superior Party shall in any
event whatsoever (unless, subject to  Section 12.04 , caused by such Person s own negligence or willful misconduct) be liable for any injury, damage or loss to Tenant, or any Person claiming by, through or under Tenant, or any other
Person claiming, happening on, in or about the Premises nor for any injury or damage to the Premises or to any property belonging to Tenant, or any Person claiming by, through or under Tenant, or any other Person, which may be caused by or result
from (i) any fire or other casualty, (ii) any action of wind, water, lightning or any other of the elements, (iii) any use, misuse or abuse of the Real Property (including, but not limited to, any of the common areas within the Real
Property, equipment, elevators, hatches, openings, installations, stairways, hallways, or other common facilities) by, or any other acts or negligence of, Tenant or any Subtenant, licensee, invitee or contractor of Tenant, any Subtenant or any other
Person happening on, in or about the Premises, (iv) the condition of the Premises during the Term or any defect in the Land, the Building, any equipment, machinery, wiring, apparatus or appliances whatsoever now or hereafter situate in, at,
upon or about the Premises, or any leakage, bursting or breaking up of the same, (v) theft or the other acts of third parties (including other tenants of the Building) or (vi) any failure or defect of water, heat, gas, chilled water,
steam, electric light or power supply, or of any apparatus, machinery or appliance in connection therewith.    (b) Any dispute with respect
to the granting of any consent or approval requested by Tenant of Landlord hereunder (where such consent or approval is expressly subject to a reasonableness requirement) shall be resolved by arbitration pursuant to  Article 21 .
Tenant s sole and exclusive remedy in the event it is ultimately determined in such arbitration that Landlord unreasonably denied or delayed such consent or approval shall be that such consent or approval by Landlord shall be deemed to have
been given and, in no event, shall Tenant be entitled to any money damages or compensation of any kind for unreasonably denying or delaying any consent or approval.  
 Section 25.02  No Personal Liability of Landlord . (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, none of the
agreements, covenants, obligations or undertakings of the Landlord set forth in this Lease shall be binding personally, upon any direct or indirect, disclosed or undisclosed, officer, director, trustee, beneficiary, partner, member, principal,
agent, attorney or shareholder of Landlord or of Landlord s successors and assigns, but shall be deemed as covenants running with the Land, and Tenant agrees that, in the event it pursues any remedies available to it under this Lease, Tenant
shall not have any recourse against any officer, director, trustee, beneficiary, partner, member, principal, agent, attorney or shareholder of Landlord or of Landlord s successors and assigns, for any loss or claim for monetary damages
resulting therefrom, it being agreed that Tenant s sole recourse shall be to enforce any claims it may have against the interest of the Landlord in the Real Property and the net sale proceeds therefrom.  
 (b) Tenant shall look solely to Landlord s interest in the Real Property and the net sale proceeds therefrom for the recovery of any
judgment against Landlord, and no other  
      87  

property or assets of Landlord or Landlord s officers, directors, trustees, beneficiaries, partners, members, principals, agents, attorneys or shareholders, direct or indirect, disclosed or
undisclosed, or of Landlord s successors or assigns, shall be subject to levy, execution or other enforcement procedure for the satisfaction of Tenant s remedies under or with respect to this Lease.  
 (c) If Landlord pursues any remedies available to Landlord under this Lease, Landlord shall not have any recourse against any officer,
director, trustee, beneficiary, partner, member, principal, agent, attorney or shareholder of Tenant or of Tenant s successors and assigns, for any loss or claim for monetary damages resulting therefrom.  
 Section 25.03  Consequential Damages . Except as provided in  Section 28.02 , neither Tenant nor Landlord shall be liable
to the other for consequential damages in connection with any claims arising under this Lease.    ARTICLE 26  
 INDEMNIFICATION  
 Section 26.01  Indemnification by Tenant . Tenant shall not do or permit any act or thing to be done upon the Premises which may
subject Landlord, the Property Manager, Ground Lessor or any Superior Mortgagee or any of their respective officers, directors, members, partners, or agents (collectively,   Indemnified Parties  , individually an   Indemnified
Party  ) to any liability or responsibility for injury or damage to persons or property, or to any liability by reason of any violation of any Legal Requirements, and Tenant shall exercise such control over the Premises so as to fully
protect all Indemnified Parties against any such liability. Subject to the provisions of  Section 12.04 , Tenant shall indemnify and save all Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any and all liabilities, suits, obligations, fines,
damages, penalties, claims, costs, charges and expenses, including reasonable engineers , architects  and attorneys  fees and disbursements, which may be imposed upon or incurred by or asserted against any Indemnified Party by reason
of any of the following, except to the extent caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party:    (a) any work or
thing done in, on or about the Premises or any part thereof by Tenant or any Subtenant, or any of their respective officers, agents, employees, contractors, invitees or licensees;  
 (b) the use of the Premises or any alteration, repair, condition, operation, maintenance or management, of the Premises or any part thereof by
Tenant or any Subtenant, or any of their respective officers, agents, employees, contractors, invitees or licensees;    (c) any willful act,
failure to act or negligence on the part of Tenant or any Subtenant or any of its or their respective officers, agents, employees, contractors, invitees or licensees;  
 (d) any accident, injury (including death at any time resulting therefrom) or damage to any Person or property occurring in or on the Premises
or any part thereof during the  
      88  

Term or at any time prior to the commencement of the Term or subsequent to the Expiration Date or sooner termination of the Term that Tenant or any Affiliate of Tenant, or their respective
officers, agents, employees, contractors, invitees or licensees has been in or on the Premises;    (e) any failure on the part of Tenant to
pay Rent or to perform or comply with any of the covenants, agreements, terms or conditions contained in this Lease on Tenant s part to be performed or complied with, and the proper exercise by Landlord of any remedy provided in this Lease or
at law or in equity or otherwise with respect thereto;    (f) any lien or claim which may be alleged to have arisen against or on the
Premises arising from any act or omission of Tenant or any Subtenant or their respective officers, employees, agents, suppliers, materialmen, mechanics, contractors, subcontractors or sub-subcontractors; and  
 (g) any failure on the part of Tenant to keep, observe or perform any of the terms, covenants, agreements, provisions, conditions or
limitations contained in any construction agreements, subleases or other contracts and agreements affecting the Premises, on Tenant s part to be kept, observed or performed.  
 Section 26.02  No Effect of Insurance . Subject to Section 12.04, the obligations of Landlord and Tenant under this  Article
26  shall not be affected in any way by the absence in any case of covering insurance or by the failure or refusal of any insurance carrier to perform any obligation on its part under insurance policies affecting the Premises.  
 Section 26.03  Tenant Indemnification Procedures . If any claim, action or proceeding is made or brought against any Indemnified
Party against which such Indemnified Party is indemnified pursuant to  Section 26.01 , or any other provision of this Lease, then, (i) after demand by such Indemnified Party, Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall resist or
defend such claim, action or proceeding in such Indemnified Party s name, if necessary, by the attorneys for Tenant s insurance carrier (if such claim, action or proceeding is covered by insurance) or otherwise by such attorneys as Tenant
shall select, subject to the approval of such Indemnified Party (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and the approval of Ground Lessor (if required under the Ground Lease), respectively, (ii) Landlord shall reasonably cooperate (and
shall cause the Indemnified Party to reasonably cooperate) at Tenant s expense in the defense of such claim, and (iii) Tenant shall have the right to settle such claim without the consent of Landlord only if such settlement involves no
admission of guilt or liability by any Indemnified Party and each Indemnified Party and their respective insurance carriers would be relieved of all liability in connection therewith. The foregoing notwithstanding, each Indemnified Party may engage
its own attorneys to defend it or to assist in its defense provided, that in such Indemnified Party s reasonable opinion, a conflict of interest would exist, with respect to such Indemnified Party, for the attorneys for Tenant s insurance
company or for such other attorneys as were selected by Tenant, in which event Tenant shall be required to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the attorneys of such Indemnified Party within 30 days after demand. In addition, and
notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent any Indemnified Party is a Superior Mortgagee and Landlord is required by the terms of the applicable Superior Mortgage to reimburse such Superior Mortgagee for or pay the
attorneys  fees or disbursements incurred by such Superior Mortgagee in connection with any such claim, action or proceeding, Tenant shall pay Landlord the same within 30 days after demand.  
      89  

Section 26.04  Landlord Indemnification . Subject to the provisions of
 Section 12.04 , Landlord shall indemnify and hold Tenant and its officers, directors, members, partners, beneficial owners and agents (collectively, the   Tenant Entities  ) harmless from and against any and all loss,
claims, liability or costs (including court costs and reasonable attorney s fees) suffered or asserted by third parties and incurred by reason of (a) any negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or any Indemnified Party occurring at
the Real Property, (b) the conduct or management of the common areas of the Building or of any business therein, or any work or thing done, or any condition created, in or about the common areas of the Building and (c) any default by
Landlord in the performance of Landlord s obligations under this Lease;  provided , that the foregoing indemnity shall not apply to the extent such claim results from the negligence or willful misconduct of any Tenant Entities.  
 Section 26.05  Landlord Indemnification Procedures . If any claim, action or proceeding is made or brought against any Tenant Entity
against which such Tenant Entity is indemnified pursuant to  Section 26.04 , or any other provision of this Lease, then, (i) after demand by such Tenant Entity, Landlord, at its sole cost and expense, shall resist or defend such
claim, action or proceeding in such Tenant Entity s name, if necessary, by the attorneys for Landlord s insurance carrier (if such claim, action or proceeding is covered by insurance) or otherwise by such attorneys as Landlord shall
select, subject to the approval of such Tenant Entity (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (ii) Tenant shall reasonably cooperate (and shall cause the Tenant Entity to reasonably cooperate) at Landlord s expense in the defense of
such claim, and (iii) Landlord shall have the right to settle such claim without the consent of Tenant only if such settlement involves no admission of guilt or liability by any Tenant Entity and each Tenant Entity and their respective
insurance carriers would be relieved of all liability in connection therewith. The foregoing notwithstanding, each Tenant Entity may engage its own attorneys to defend it or to assist in its defense provided, that in such Tenant Entity s
reasonable opinion, a conflict of interest would exist, with respect to such Tenant Entity, for the attorneys for Landlord s insurance company or for such other attorneys as were selected by Landlord, in which event Landlord shall be required
to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the attorneys of such Tenant Entity within 30 days after demand.    Section 26.06
 Survival of this Article . The provisions of this  Article 26  shall survive the Expiration Date or earlier termination of this Lease with respect to any liability, suit, obligation, fine, damage, penalty, claim, cost, charge or expense
arising out of or in connection with any action or failure to take action or any other matter occurring during the Term of this Lease.  
 ARTICLE 27    OFAC PROVISIONS  
 Section 27.01  Tenant OFAC Provisions . (a) Tenant represents and warrants that to its actual knowledge (x) Tenant and
each person or entity owning an interest in Tenant is (i) not currently identified on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained  
      90  

by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury (  OFAC  ) and/or on any other similar list maintained by OFAC pursuant to any authorizing statute, executive
order or regulation (collectively, the   List  ), and (ii) not a person or entity with whom a citizen of the United States is prohibited to engage in transactions by any trade embargo, economic sanction, or other prohibition of
United States law, regulation, or Executive Order of the President of the United States, (y) none of the funds of Tenant have been derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the investment in Tenant is prohibited by law or that
this Lease is in violation of law, and (z) Tenant has implemented procedures, and will consistently apply those procedures, to ensure that the foregoing representations and warranties remain true and correct at all times following the execution
and delivery of this Lease and throughout the Term. The term   Embargoed Person   means any person, entity or government subject to trade restrictions under U.S. law, including but not limited to, the International Emergency Economic
Powers Act, 50 U.S.C.  1701  et seq. , The Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1  et seq. , and any Executive Orders or regulations promulgated thereunder with the result that the investment in Tenant is prohibited by law or
Tenant is in violation of law.    (b) Tenant shall (i) comply with all Legal Requirements relating to money laundering, anti-terrorism,
trade embargos and economic sanctions, now or hereafter in effect, (ii) immediately notify Landlord in writing if any of the representations, warranties or covenants set forth in this  Section 27.01(b)  or the preceding
 Section 27.01(a)  are no longer true or have been breached or if Tenant has a reasonable basis to believe that they may no longer be true or have been breached, (iii) not use funds from any   Prohibited Person   (as
such term is defined in the September 24, 2001 Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism) to make any payment due to Landlord under this Lease, and
(iv) at the request of Landlord, provide such information as may be requested by Landlord to determine Tenant s compliance with the terms hereof.  
 (c) Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that Tenant s inclusion on the List at any time during the Term shall be a default of this
Lease. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Tenant shall not permit the Premises or any portion thereof to be used or occupied by any person or entity on the List or by any Embargoed Person (on a permanent, temporary or transient basis),
and any such use or occupancy of the Premises by any such person or entity shall be a default of this Lease.    (d) In connection with this
Lease or any proposed assignment of this Lease or sublease, Tenant shall provide to Landlord the names of the persons holding an ownership interest in Tenant or any proposed assignee or sublessee, as applicable, for purposes of compliance with
Presidential Executive Order 13224 (issued September 24, 2001), as amended.    Section 27.02  Landlord OFAC Provisions .
(a) Landlord represents and warrants that to its actual knowledge (x) Landlord and each person or entity owning an interest in Landlord is (i) not currently identified on the List and (ii) not a person or entity with whom a
citizen of the United States is prohibited to engage in transactions by any trade embargo, economic sanction, or other prohibition of United States law, regulation, or Executive Order of the President of the United States, (y) none of the funds
of Landlord have been derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the investment in Landlord is prohibited by law or that this Lease is in  
      91  

violation of law and (z) Landlord has implemented procedures, and will consistently apply those procedures, to ensure that the foregoing representations and warranties remain true and
correct at all times following the execution and delivery of this Lease and throughout the Term.    (b) Landlord covenants and agrees
(i) to comply with all Legal Requirements relating to money laundering, anti-terrorism, trade embargos and economic sanctions, now or hereafter in effect, (ii) to immediately notify Tenant in writing if any of the representations,
warranties or covenants set forth in this  Section 27.02(b)  or the preceding  Section 27.02(a)  are no longer true or have been breached or if Landlord has a reasonable basis to believe that they may no longer be true or have
been breached, (iii) not to use funds from any Prohibited Person (as such term is defined in the September 24, 2001 Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support
Terrorism) to make any payment due to Tenant under this Lease, and (iv) at the request of Tenant, to provide such information as may be requested by Tenant to determine Landlord s compliance with the terms hereof.  
 (c) Landlord hereby acknowledges and agrees that Landlord s inclusion on the List at any time during the Term shall be a material default
of this Lease.    (d) In connection with this Lease or any proposed assignment of this Lease, Landlord shall provide to Tenant the names of
the persons holding an ownership interest in Landlord or any proposed assignee, as applicable, for purposes of compliance with Presidential Executive Order 13224 (issued September 24, 2001), as amended.  
 ARTICLE 28    SURRENDER OF PREMISES
AND HOLDOVER    Section 28.01  Surrender . Upon the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease with respect to all or part of
the Premises, or upon re-entry by Landlord upon the Premises pursuant to  Article 20  hereof, Tenant, at Tenant s expense, shall quit and surrender the Premises to Landlord in good order, condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear,
Casualty and Condemnation and other damage for which Tenant is not responsible hereunder excepted, and with all Tenant s Property removed, and all Specialty Alterations required to be removed pursuant to  Section 14.07  removed, and any
damage repaired, and Tenant shall deliver the Premises to Landlord free and clear of all lettings, occupancies, liens and encumbrances other than those, if any, existing at the date hereof, created by Landlord. Tenant hereby waives any notice now or
hereafter required by law with respect to vacating the Premises on any such expiration or termination date.    Section 28.02
 Holding-Over . (a) In the event of any holding-over by Tenant after the expiration or termination of this Lease without the consent of Landlord, such holdover tenancy shall be upon all of the terms of this Lease as applied during the Term
except that Landlord shall not be required to perform any work, furnish any materials or make any repairs (other than maintenance and base Building cleaning as is required under this Lease) within the Premises during the holdover tenancy and except
that Tenant shall:    (i) pay as Base Rent for each month of the holdover tenancy (which shall be in addition to all
Additional Rent including the Additional Rent payable under  Article 4  and Tenant s Electricity Payment) an amount equal to 150% for the initial 60 days and thereafter 200%, of the  greater  of (x) the fair market rental value
of the Premises for such month (as reasonably determined by Landlord) and (y) the Base Rent which Tenant was obligated to pay for the month immediately preceding the end of the Term; and  
 (ii) if such holdover extends for more than 60 days, be liable to Landlord for (x) any payment or rent concession which
Landlord may be required to make or give to any tenant obtained by Landlord for all or any part of the Premises (a   New Tenant  ) in order to induce such New Tenant not to terminate its lease by reason of the holding-over by Tenant
or otherwise as a result of such holding-over by Tenant and (y) the loss of the benefit of the bargain if any New Tenant shall terminate its lease by reason of the holding-over by Tenant.  
      92  

No holding-over by Tenant after the Term shall operate to extend the Term. In the event of any
unauthorized holding-over following the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease without the consent of Landlord for more than 60 days, Tenant shall indemnify and hold harmless Landlord against all claims for damages by any other tenant to
whom Landlord may have leased all or any part of the Premises effective at any time during Tenant s holding-over. Anything in this  Article 28  to the contrary notwithstanding, the acceptance of any rent paid by Tenant pursuant to this
 Section 28.02  shall not preclude Landlord from commencing and prosecuting a holdover or summary eviction proceeding, and the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be an  agreement expressly providing otherwise  within the
meaning of Section 223- C of the Real Property Law of the State of New York and any successor law of like import. Tenant expressly waives, for itself and for any person claiming through or under Tenant, any rights which Tenant or such persons
may have under the provisions of Section 2201 of the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules and any similar successor law of the same import then in force in connection with any holdover proceedings which Landlord may institute to enforce the
provisions of this  Article 28  or the provisions of  Article 15 . The provisions of this  Article 28  shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease.  
 ARTICLE 29    SECURITY DEPOSIT  
 Section 29.01  Letter of Credit . Tenant has delivered to Landlord as security for the full and faithful performance and observance
by Tenant of Tenant s covenants and obligations under this Lease a clean, irrevocable, transferable and unconditional letter of credit (the   Letter of Credit  ) issued by and drawn upon a commercial bank reasonably approved by
Landlord (the   Issuing Bank  ), which Letter of Credit shall: (i) have a term of not less than one year, (ii) be in the form attached to this Lease as  Exhibit G  or in such other form reasonably acceptable to
Landlord, (iii) be for the account of Landlord, (iv) be in the amount of $527,902.50 (the   Security Deposit  ), (v) except as otherwise provided in this  Section 29.01 , conform and be subject to Uniform
Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of  
      93  

Commerce, Publication No. 590, (vi) be fully transferable by Landlord without any fees or charges therefor, (vii) provide that Landlord shall be entitled to draw upon the Letter of
Credit upon presentation of a sight draft only to an office of the Issuing Bank in the Borough of Manhattan (or outside the Borough of Manhattan in the Continental United States if the Letter of Credit permits such drafts to be presented and the
Letter of Credit to be drawn on via nationally recognized overnight courier or facsimile transmission), (viii) provide that the Letter of Credit shall be deemed automatically renewed, without amendment, for consecutive periods of one year
thereafter during the Term of this Lease, unless the Issuing Bank shall send written notice (the   Non-Renewal Notice  ) to Landlord (a) by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or (b) by nationally
recognized overnight courier service (such as Federal Express) with verification of delivery requested, in either case, not less than 45 days preceding the then expiration date of the Letter of Credit that the Issuing Bank elects not to renew such
Letter of Credit, in which case Landlord shall have the right, by sight draft on an office of the Issuing Bank in the Borough of Manhattan (or outside the Borough of Manhattan in the Continental United States if the Letter of Credit permits such
drafts to be presented and the Letter of Credit to be drawn on via nationally recognized overnight courier or facsimile transmission), to receive the monies represented by the then existing Letter of Credit, and to hold such proceeds in a cash
security deposit in accordance with this  Article 29 , and (ix) with respect to the Letter of Credit applicable to the last year of the Term, shall have an expiration date of not earlier than 60 days after the Expiration Date. The Issuing
Bank shall have combined capital, surplus and undivided profits of at least $1 billion, a financial strength rating of at least  B , and a long-term bank deposit rating of at least  Aa , as published by Moody s Investors
Services, Inc., or its successor (collectively, the   Issuing Bank Criteria  ). If at any time during the term, the Issuing Bank does not maintain the Issuing Bank Criteria, then Landlord may so notify Tenant and, unless Tenant
delivers a replacement Letter of Credit from another commercial bank approved by Landlord meeting the Issuing Bank Criteria within 45 days after receipt of such notice, Landlord may draw the full amount of the Letter of Credit and hold the proceeds
in a cash security deposit in accordance with this  Article 29 . If, at any time, Landlord is holding proceeds of the Letter of Credit as a cash security deposit Tenant shall, within 30 days after demand by Landlord, replace such cash security
deposit with a Letter of Credit (it being understood and agreed that Landlord shall, at all times, be entitled to be holding a Letter of Credit in the full amount of the Security Deposit issued by a Bank satisfying the Issuing Bank Criteria).  
 Section 29.02  Draws . If Tenant defaults in the full and prompt payment and performance of any of Tenant s covenants and
obligations under this Lease beyond applicable notice and grace periods, including, but not limited to, the payment of Base Rent and Additional Rent, Landlord may, but shall not be required to, draw the entire amount or any portion of the Letter of
Credit and use, apply or retain the whole or any part of such proceeds or the whole or any part of any cash security deposit Landlord is holding to the extent required for the payment of any Base Rent and Additional Rent or any other sums as to
which Tenant is in default or for any sum which Landlord may expend or may be required to expend by reason of Tenant s default in respect of any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease, including, but not limited to, any damages or
deficiency in the re-letting of the Premises, whether such damages or deficiency accrue before or after summary proceedings or other re-entry by Landlord. If Landlord applies or retains any portion or all of the proceeds of the Letter of Credit,
Tenant shall within 5 days after demand restore the amount so applied or retained by delivering an additional  
      94  

or new Letter of Credit so that, at all times, the amount of the Security Deposit shall be not less than the amount set forth in  Section 29.01  hereof, failing which Landlord shall
have the same rights and remedies as for an Event of Default. Provided there is no uncured default, any balance of the proceeds of the Letter of Credit held by Landlord and not used, applied or retained by Landlord as above provided, and any
remaining Letter(s) of Credit, shall be returned to Tenant after the Expiration Date and after delivery of possession of the entire Premises to Landlord in accordance with the terms of this Lease.  
 Section 29.03  Transfer . In the event of any sale, transfer or leasing of Landlord s interest in the Building whether or not
in connection with a sale, transfer or leasing of the Land to a vendee, transferee or lessee, Landlord shall have the right to transfer the Letter(s) of Credit or any portion(s) thereof to the vendee, transferee or lessee and Landlord shall
thereupon be released by Tenant from all liability for the return or payment thereof, and Tenant shall look solely to the new landlord for the return or payment of the same. The provisions of the preceding sentence shall apply to every subsequent
sale, transfer or leasing of the Building, and any successor of Landlord may, upon a sale, transfer, leasing or other cessation of the interest of such successor in the Building, whether in whole or in part, pay over any unapplied part of such
security to any vendee, transferee or lessee of the Building and shall thereupon be relieved of all liability with respect thereto. Except in connection with a permitted assignment of this Lease, Tenant shall not assign or encumber or attempt to
assign or encumber the Letter(s) of Credit deposited herein as security or any interest therein to which Tenant is entitled, and neither Landlord nor its successors or assigns shall be bound by any such assignment, encumbrance, attempted assignment
or attempted encumbrance. In any event, in the absence of evidence satisfactory to Landlord of an assignment of the right to receive the Security Deposit, or the remaining balance thereof, Landlord may return the Letter(s) of Credit to the original
Tenant regardless of one or more assignments of this Lease.    Section 29.04  Bankruptcy . In the event that any bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other debtor-creditor proceedings shall be instituted by or against Tenant, its successors or assigns, or any Guarantor of Tenant hereunder, the Letter(s) of Credit shall be deemed to be applicable to the payment of the
Base Rent and Additional Rent due to Landlord for periods prior to the institution of such proceedings, and the balance, if any, may be retained by Landlord in partial satisfaction of Landlord s damages, including any unpaid Base Rent and
Additional Rent due to Landlord accruing after the institution of such proceedings and any other amounts owing to Landlord arising after the institution of such proceedings.  
 ARTICLE 30    INTEGRATION; CONFLICT
WITH EXHIBITS    Section 30.01  Integration . All understandings and agreements heretofore had between the parties hereto with
respect to the matters covered by this Lease are merged in this Lease (including the Exhibits annexed hereto).  
      95  

Section 30.02  Conflict with Exhibits . If there shall be any conflict between an
Article of this Lease (or any provision in an Article) and an Exhibit annexed to this Lease (or any provision in an Exhibit), the Article (or the provision therein) shall prevail.  
 ARTICLE 31    NOTICES  
 Section 31.01  Notices . (a) Any notice, statement, demand, consent, approval or other communication required or permitted to
be given, rendered or made by either party to the other, pursuant to this Lease or pursuant to any applicable Legal Requirements (collectively,   Communications  ) shall be in writing (whether or not so stated elsewhere in this
Lease), except in instances where the provisions of this Lease may expressly permit an oral Communication, and shall be deemed to have been properly given, rendered or made only if sent by (i) registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and
return receipt requested, posted in a United States post office station or letter box in the continental United States, (ii) nationally recognized overnight courier (e.g. Federal Express) with verification of delivery requested or
(iii) personal delivery with verification of delivery requested, in any of such cases addressed as follows:    (i) If to
Landlord:    WFP Tower D Co. L.P.  
 c/o Brookfield Financial Properties, L.P.  
 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor  
 New York, New York 10281-1023  
 Attention: Senior Vice President - Director of Leasing  
 with copy to:  
 WFP Tower D Co. L.P.    c/o
Brookfield Financial Properties, L.P.    250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor  
 New York, New York 10281-1023  
 Attention: General Counsel  
 with copy to:  
 Fried Frank Harris Shriver   Jacobson LLP  
 One New York Plaza    New York,
New York 10004    Attention: Meyer Last, Esq.  
 (ii) If to Tenant  
 Olapic, Inc.    Brookfield Place
   250 Vesey Street    New
York, New York 10281    Attention: Office Manager  
      96  

with copy to:  
 Olapic, Inc.    Brookfield Place
   250 Vesey Street    New
York, New York 10281    Attention: General Counsel  
 and an additional copy to:  
 Mintz   Gold LLP    600
Third Avenue, 25th Floor    New York, New York 10017  
 Attention: Alan Katz, Esq.    (b)
All Communications shall be deemed to have been duly given, rendered or made (x) if mailed, on the third Business Day following the day so mailed, unless mailed to a location outside the State of New York, in which case it shall be deemed to
have been given, rendered or made on the fourth Business Day after the day so mailed, (y) if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier, on the first Business Day following the day sent or (z) if sent by personal delivery, when
delivered and receipted by the party to whom addressed (or on the date that such receipt is refused, if applicable). Either party may, by written notice given as aforesaid, designate a different address or addresses for Communications intended for
it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to an occurrence presenting imminent danger to the health or safety of persons or damage to property in, on or about the Building, notices may be hand delivered to Tenant at the Premises;
 provided , that the same notice is also sent in the manner set forth above. During a postal strike, Communications shall not be sent by mail.  
 (c) Notices hereunder from Landlord may be given by the Property Manager, or by Landlord s attorney. Notices hereunder from Tenant may be
given by Tenant s attorney.    (d) In addition to the foregoing, either Landlord or Tenant may, from time to time, request in writing
that the other party serve a copy of any notice on one other person or entity designated in such request, such service to be effected as provided in this Section.  
 (e) Notwithstanding the provisions of this  Section 31.01 , bills and statements may be rendered by delivering them to Tenant at the
Premises without the necessity of a receipt and without providing a copy to any other Person or address.  
      97  

ARTICLE 32  
 MISCELLANEOUS  
 Section 32.01  Captions; Construction . The table of contents, captions, headings and titles in this Lease are solely for
convenience of reference and shall not affect its interpretation. This Lease shall be construed without regard to any presumption or other rule requiring construction against the party causing this Lease to be drafted. Each covenant, agreement,
obligation or other provision of this Lease on Tenant s part to be performed, shall be deemed and construed as a separate and independent covenant of Tenant, not dependent on any other provision of this Lease. Wherever in this Lease it is
provided for any action to be taken at Tenant s or Landlord s cost or expense, such action shall be taken at Tenant s or Landlord s sole cost and expense, as applicable. The words  herein ,  hereof ,
 hereunder  and  hereto  when used in this Lease refer to this Lease in its entirety and not solely to any specific Article, Section, subsection, sentence, paragraph or other portion of this Lease.  
 Section 32.02  Governing Law . This Lease shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
without regard to its conflict of law provisions.    Section 32.03  Successors and Assigns . Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Lease, the provisions of this Lease shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of the parties hereto with the same effect as if mentioned in each instance where a party is named or referred to;  provided , that
(i) no violation of the provisions of  Article 10  shall operate to vest any rights in any successor or assignee of Tenant, and (ii) the provisions of this  Section 32.03  shall not be construed to be a consent by Landlord
to an assignment of this Lease by Tenant.    Section 32.04  No Third-Party Rights . The provisions of this Lease are intended to
be for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and none of the provisions of this Lease are intended to be, nor shall they be construed to be, for the benefit of any third party.  
 Section 32.05  No Recording . Neither party shall record this Lease without the prior consent of the other party, unless the
recording of this Lease shall be required by a Superior Party.    Section 32.06  Withholding and Delaying Consents, Etc.  In any
instance in this Lease where a consent or approval is not to be unreasonably withheld, then it shall also not be unreasonably delayed or conditioned. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Lease to the contrary, wherever in this Lease
(i) the consent or approval of Landlord is required, such consent or approval may be given or withheld by Landlord in its sole and absolute discretion, and (ii) provision is made for Landlord to exercise its judgment or discretion or to
determine whether any matter is satisfactory to Landlord, such judgment and discretion may be exercised, and such determination may be made, in Landlord s sole and absolute discretion.  
 Section 32.07  Estoppel Certificates . (a) Tenant agrees at any time and from time to time upon not less than 10 Business Days
prior notice by Landlord to execute, acknowledge and  
      98  

deliver to Landlord or any other party specified by Landlord a statement in writing certifying that, as of the date of such statement, this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if
there have been modifications, that the same, as modified, is in full force and effect and stating the modifications), the Commencement Date, the Rent Commencement Date, the Expiration Date, and the date to which each obligation constituting the
Rent has been paid, stating whether or not to the actual then current knowledge of Tenant (i) there is a continuing default by Landlord in the performance or observance of any covenant, agreement or condition contained in this Lease to be
performed or observed by Landlord, or (ii) there shall exist any event which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would become such a default, and, if so, specifying each such default or occurrence of which Tenant may have
knowledge. Tenant also shall include or confirm in any such statement such other information concerning this Lease as Landlord may reasonably request. Such statement shall be binding upon Tenant and may be relied upon by (x) any then-existing
or prospective mortgagee or other lender, assignee or purchaser of all or a portion of Landlord s interest in this Lease or of all or a portion of any Person directly or indirectly owning an interest in Landlord and (y) the then Ground
Lessor, and any prospective successor to Ground Lessor, it being intended that any such statement shall be deemed a representation and warranty to be relied upon by the party to whom such statement is addressed.  
 (b) Landlord agrees at any time and from time to time upon not less than 10 Business Days prior notice by Tenant to execute, acknowledge and
deliver to Tenant or any other party specified by Tenant a statement in writing certifying that, as of the date of such statement, this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been modifications, that the same, as
modified, is in full force and effect and stating the modifications) and the date to which each obligation constituting the Rent has been paid, and stating whether or not to the actual then current knowledge of Landlord (i) there are any
continuing Events of Default or (ii) there shall exist any event which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, would become an Event of Default, and, if so, specifying each such Event of Default or event of which Landlord may
have knowledge. Such statement shall be binding upon Landlord but may be relied upon only by Tenant and by any prospective permitted Subtenant or assignee of Tenant s interest in this Lease.  
 Section 32.08  No Development Rights . Tenant acknowledges that it has no rights to any development rights, air rights or comparable
rights appurtenant to the Project, and Tenant consents, without further consideration, to any utilization of such rights by Landlord. Tenant shall promptly execute and deliver any instruments which may be reasonably requested by Landlord, including
instruments merging zoning lots, evidencing such acknowledgment and consent. The provisions of this  Section 32.08  shall be construed as an express waiver by Tenant of any interest Tenant may have as a  party in interest  (as
such term is defined in Section 12-10 Zoning Lot of the Zoning Resolution) in the Project.    Section 32.09  Labor Harmony .
Tenant agrees that (a) it will not cause or contribute to (by the performance of any Alteration or otherwise) any labor dispute in or about the Building and that no Person, material or equipment used by Tenant, its employees or agents in or
about the Premises, the Building or the Project will be such as, in Landlord s reasonable judgment, will disturb harmony with any Person or trade engaged in performing any work, labor or services in
 
      99  

or about the Premises, the Building or the Project or cause or contribute to any work stoppage, labor disruption or labor dispute (including any picketing or other demonstrations), and
(b) that any Person employed or retained by Tenant shall promptly inform Landlord of any labor or other dispute which could interfere with the performance of any labor, work or service in or about the Premises, the Building or the Project and
shall cooperate with Landlord in disposing of any such dispute. In furtherance of the foregoing, but not in limitation thereof, Tenant shall immediately stop the performance of any Alterations if Landlord notifies Tenant that continuing such
Alterations would violate Landlord s union contracts affecting the Project, or create any work stoppage, picketing, labor disruption, disharmony or dispute or any interference with the business of Landlord or any tenant or occupant of the
Building or Project. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this  Section 32.09 , Tenant agrees that it shall employ only contractors and subcontractors affiliated with the local unions listed on  Exhibit H  annexed hereto and
made a part hereof for any and all construction work, including, without limitation, all Alterations performed by or on behalf of Tenant in the Building.  
 Section 32.10  Certain Tax Matters . If Landlord or any Affiliate of Landlord has elected to qualify as a real estate investment
trust (  REIT  ), any service required or permitted to be performed by Landlord pursuant to this Lease, the charge or cost of which may be treated as impermissible tenant service income under the laws governing a REIT, may be
performed by a taxable REIT subsidiary that is affiliated with either Landlord or Landlord s property manager, an independent contractor of Landlord or Landlord s property manager (the   Service Provider  ). If Tenant is
subject to a charge under this Lease for any such service, then, at Landlord s direction, Tenant will pay such charge either to Landlord for further payment to the Service Provider or directly to the Service Provider, and, in either case,
(a) Landlord shall credit such payment against any charge for such service made by Landlord to Tenant under this Lease, and (b) such payment to the Service Provider will not relieve Landlord from any obligation under this Lease concerning
the provisions of such service    Section 32.11  Benefits . (a) Landlord hereby agrees to provide Tenant with such
cooperation (herein called   Landlord s Benefits Cooperation  ) as may reasonably be requested by Tenant to assist Tenant in obtaining any tax or utility benefits or other municipal incentives (herein collectively called
  Benefits  ) as may be available to Tenant from any governmental or quasi-governmental agency or any public utility or alternate provider, upon reasonable prior notice from Tenant (and otherwise in accordance with the time periods
established by such agency, utility or provider). Landlord shall provide Landlord s Benefits Cooperation to Tenant regardless of whether Tenant may be entitled to such Benefits  as of right   provided , that the receipt by
Tenant of such Benefits would not reduce or otherwise adversely affect the eligibility of Landlord to receive any incentives, subsidies, refunds or payments (other than Benefits previously disclosed by Tenant in writing to Landlord). Landlord s
Benefits Cooperation shall be provided subject to the indemnity to be provided by Tenant pursuant to  Section 26.01 . Nothing contained herein shall require Landlord to cooperate with Tenant with respect to any Benefits to the detriment of
any other tenant in the Building;  provided , that with respect to Landlord s cooperation with tenants related to Benefits, Landlord s cooperation shall be provided on a first-come first-served basis. Landlord shall pass through to
Tenant the amount of any such benefit, incentive or entitlement for which Tenant qualifies to the extent the same is received by Landlord.  
      100  

(b) Nothing contained in this  Section 32.11  shall be deemed in any event to require
Landlord, in order to establish Tenant s eligibility for any Benefits, to (i) effect any change in the ownership of the Building or the Project, (ii) convert all or a portion of the Building or the Project to a condominium unit,
(iii) agree to a change in the structure of this Lease, (iv) perform or incur any costs for any alterations or improvements to the Premises or the Building or the Project, except to the extent specifically required pursuant to the terms of
this Lease, (v) change the manner in which Landlord operates the Building or the Project or performs alterations or improvements therein, or (vi) require Landlord to take any action which in Landlord s reasonable judgment is likely to
adversely impact Landlord s or any Affiliate of Landlord s ability to qualify for any benefit for the Building, the Real Property or the Project or otherwise have an adverse effect on Landlord or such Affiliate).  
 (c) Any Benefits obtained pursuant to this  Section 32.11  shall be for the benefit of Tenant.  
 (d) Notwithstanding anything contained in this  Section 32.11 , Landlord makes no representation or warranty as to the amount of any
Benefits that may be received by Landlord or Tenant. In the event that Landlord shall default in the performance or observance of any of the covenants, terms, provisions or conditions on its part to be performed or observed under this
 Section 32.11 , this Lease shall remain unaffected thereby and shall continue in full force and effect, and Landlord s liability for such default, if any, shall be limited to the payment of damages which shall in no event exceed the
aggregate amount of the Benefits to which Tenant would have been entitled, together with interest at the Interest Rate, but for such default and any attorneys  fees and disbursements Tenant would be entitled to pursuant to
 Section 32.11 .    (e) Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent hereunder, within 30 days after rendition of a statement
therefor, the amount of any out-of-pocket costs reasonably incurred by Landlord in connection with any Landlord s Benefits Cooperation requested by Tenant, including, without limitation, the amount of any administrative charges or fees imposed
by the New York City Department of Finance or any other governmental agency or any public utility or alternate provider in connection with such Landlord s Benefits Cooperation. Landlord shall not hire any third-party consultants to assist
Landlord in Landlord s Benefits Cooperation without Tenant s consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  
 (f) Tenant shall cooperate with Landlord in all reasonable respects (including, without limitation, joining in and promptly executing any
applications or other documentation to an applicable governmental entity in connection with seeking to obtain benefits, incentives or entitlements under a particular program;  provided , that applicable program requires such party to join in
any such application or documentation) with efforts to obtain any available governmental benefits, incentives or entitlements.  
 Section 32.12  Merger . Tenant acknowledges that Landlord has not made and is not making, and Tenant, in executing and delivering
this Lease, is not relying upon, any warranties, representations, promises or statements, except to the extent that the same are expressly set forth in this Lease. This Lease embodies the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof, and all prior agreements, understanding and statements, oral or written, with respect thereto are merged in this Lease.  
      101  

Section 32.13  Tenant Advertising . Tenant shall not use, and shall cause each of its
Affiliates not to use, the name or likeness of the Building or the Project in any advertising (by whatever medium) without Landlord s consent.  
 Section 32.14  Confidentiality . Tenant and Landlord shall keep the economic and other material provisions of this Lease, and all
negotiations with respect hereto, confidential. Without the prior written consent of Landlord or Tenant, neither party, nor any of its partners, officers, shareholders, directors, members, employees or representatives, shall disclose, divulge,
communicate or otherwise reveal to any person, the economic or other material provisions of this Lease, and all negotiations with respect hereto, except (a) to the extent legally compelled (by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents,
subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose such provisions, (b) as to the disclosure, divulgence, communication or other revelation to attorneys, accountants or other professional consultants or advisors of Landlord or
Tenant or subtenants or assignees pursuant to Article 10 hereof with respect to which such disclosure shall be necessary and (c) to the extent required by securities laws or compliance with other laws or the compliance provisions of any legal
authority, or any securities, bond or commodities exchange. The provisions of this  Section 32.14  shall survive the termination of this Lease.  
 Section 32.15  Floor Plans . Tenant acknowledges that it has been informed by Landlord that the floor plans attached to this Lease
as  Exhibit B  are solely for the purpose of identifying the Premises. Landlord has made no representation as to the exact dimensions of and/or the Rentable Square Feet contained in the Premises.  
 Section 32.16  No Oral Modification . This Lease may not be modified or amended orally but only by way of a written instrument
executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto.    Section 32.17  Counterparts; Electronic Signatures . This Lease may be
executed in one (1) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which when taken together will constitute one and the same instrument. The signature page of any counterpart of this Lease may be detached therefrom
without impairing the legal effect of the signature(s) thereon provided such signature page is attached to any other counterpart of this Lease identical thereto except having an additional signature page executed by the other party to this Lease
attached thereto. Any counterpart of this Lease may be delivered via facsimile, email or other electronic transmission, and shall be legally binding upon the parties hereto to the same extent as originals.  
 Section 32.18  No Obligation to Litigate . Wherever in this Lease Landlord has agreed to use, or is required to use, Landlord s
reasonable efforts, in no event shall the same require or be construed or interpreted to require Landlord to commence, prosecute or otherwise participate in any legal or other proceedings except to the extent otherwise expressly provided in this
Lease to the contrary.  
      102  

Section 32.19  No Memorandum of Lease . Tenant shall not record this Lease nor any
short form or memorandum of lease, nor any amendment or modification of this Lease.    ARTICLE 33  
 RENEWAL OPTION  
 Section 33.01  Renewal Option . (a) Subject to the provisions of  Section 33.01(b)  of this Lease, provided that on
the date Tenant exercises the Renewal Option and at the commencement of the Renewal Term (i) this Lease shall not have been terminated, and (ii) no Event of Default shall exist, and (iii) Tenant (together with its Affiliates and
Permitted Occupants) shall be physically occupying at least 75% of the Premises, Tenant shall have the option (the   Renewal Option  ) to extend the term of this Lease for 1 period of 5 years (the   Renewal Term  ). If
Tenant shall exercise the Renewal Option, the term thereof shall commence on the day immediately following the Expiration Date and end on (x) the day preceding the 5th (5th) anniversary of the commencement date of the Renewal Term.  
 (b) The Renewal Option shall be exercisable by Tenant giving notice to Landlord (the   Renewal Notice  ) on or before the date
that is 18 months prior to the then current Expiration Date. Time is of the essence with respect to the giving of the Renewal Notice by such date. If Tenant shall fail to duly exercise the Renewal Option pursuant to this
 Section 33.01(b) , this  Article 33  shall have no force or effect and shall be deemed deleted from this Lease.  
 Section 33.02  Renewal Rent and Other Terms . (a) The Renewal Term shall be upon all of the terms and conditions set forth in
this Lease, except that (i) the Base Rent shall be as determined pursuant to the further provisions of this  Section 33.03 ; (ii) Tenant shall accept the Premises in its  as is  condition at the commencement of the
Renewal Term, and Landlord shall not be required to perform any work, to pay any work allowance, contribution or any other amount or to render any services to make the Premises ready for Tenant s use and occupancy or to provide any abatement of
Base Rent or Additional Rent, in each case with respect to the Renewal Term; (iii) the Base PILOT Amount for the Renewal Term shall be the PILOT for the PILOT Year ending immediately before the commencement date of the Renewal Term,
(iv) the Base Operating Amount for the Renewal Term shall be the Operating Expenses for the Lease Year ending immediately before the commencement of the Renewal Term, and (v) Tenant shall have no option to renew this Lease beyond the
expiration of the Renewal Term.    (b) The annual Base Rent for the Premises for the Renewal Term shall be the Fair Market Rent for the
Renewal Term.    (c)   Fair Market Rent   means the base or fixed annual rent that a willing lessee would pay and a willing
lessor would accept for the Premises during the Renewal Term, taking into account all then relevant factors.    (d) If Tenant timely
exercises the Renewal Option, Landlord shall notify Tenant (the   Rent Notice  ), at least 120 days before the Expiration Date of Landlord s determination of the Fair Market Rent (  Landlord s Determination  )
for the Renewal Term. Tenant shall notify Landlord (  Tenant s Notice  ), within 30 days after Tenant s receipt of the  
      103  

Rent Notice, whether Tenant accepts or disputes Landlord s Determination, and if Tenant disputes Landlord s Determination, Tenant s Notice shall set forth Tenant s
determination of the Fair Market Rent (  Tenant s Determination  ). If Tenant fails to give Tenant s Notice within such 30 day period, or if Tenant gives Tenant s Notice within such 30 day period but fails to set forth
therein Tenant s Determination, then Tenant shall be deemed to have accepted Landlord s Determination.    (e) (i) If Tenant
timely disputes Landlord s Determination and Landlord and Tenant fail to agree as to the Fair Market Rent within 20 days after the giving of Tenant s Notice, then the Fair Market Rent shall be determined by arbitration in the City of New
York by a panel of 3 arbitrators, as set forth in this  Section 33.03(e) , each of whom shall be licensed real estate brokers having the qualifications described in  Sections 21.01(f)  and  33.03(e)(iv)  and the third arbitrator
shall be independent. Tenant shall initiate the arbitration process by giving notice to that effect to Landlord within 30 days after the giving of Tenant s Notice, which notice shall include the name and address of Tenant s designated
arbitrator. If Tenant fails to give such notice within such 30 day period, then Tenant shall be deemed to have accepted Landlord s Determination. Within 30 days after the designation of Tenant s arbitrator, Landlord shall give notice to
Tenant of the name and address of Landlord s designated arbitrator. If Landlord shall fail timely to appoint an arbitrator, then Tenant may request the AAA to appoint an arbitrator on Landlord s behalf. Such two arbitrators shall have 30
days to appoint a third arbitrator who shall be impartial. If such arbitrators fail to do so, then either Landlord or Tenant may request the AAA to appoint an arbitrator who shall be impartial within 30 days after such request and both parties shall
be bound by any appointment so made within such 30 day period. If no such third arbitrator shall have been appointed within such 30 day period, either Landlord or Tenant may apply to the Supreme Court, New York County to make such appointment. The
third arbitrator only shall subscribe and swear to an oath fairly and impartially to determine such dispute.    (ii) Within 7
days after the appointment of the third arbitrator, the three arbitrators will meet (the   Initial Meeting  ) and set a hearing date for the arbitration. The hearing shall not exceed two days and shall be scheduled to be held within
60 days after the Initial Meeting.    (iii) There shall be no discovery in the arbitration. Thirty days prior to the
scheduled hearing, the parties shall exchange opening written expert reports and opening written pre-hearing statements which shall include Landlord s Determination and Tenant s Determination. Opening written pre-hearing statements shall
not exceed 20 pages in length. Two weeks prior to the hearing, the parties may exchange rebuttal written expert reports and rebuttal written pre-hearing statements. Rebuttal written pre-hearing statements shall not exceed 10 pages in length. Ten
days prior to the hearing, the parties shall exchange written witness lists, including a brief statement as to the subject matter to be covered in the witnesses  testimony. One week prior to the hearing, the parties shall exchange all documents
which they intend to offer at the hearing. Other than rebuttal witnesses, only the witnesses listed on the witness lists shall be allowed to testify at the hearings. Closing arguments shall be heard immediately following conclusion of all testimony.
The proceedings shall be recorded by stenographic means. Each party may present live witnesses and offer exhibits, and all witnesses shall be subject to cross-examination.  
      104  

The arbitrators shall conduct the two day hearing so as to provide each party with sufficient time to present its case, both on direct and on rebuttal, and permit each party appropriate time for
cross examination;  provided , that the arbitrators shall not extend the hearing beyond two days. Each party may, during its direct case, present evidence in support of its position and in opposition to the position of the opposing party.  
 (iv) The determination of the Fair Market Rent by the third arbitrator shall be either the amount set forth in Landlord s
Determination or the amount set forth in Tenant s Determination, whichever one more closely represents the Fair Market Rent of the Premises. The third arbitrator may not select any other amount as the Fair Market Rent. The fees and expenses of
any arbitration pursuant to this  Section 33.03(e)  shall be borne by the parties equally, but each party shall bear the expense of its own arbitrator, attorneys and experts and the additional expenses of presenting its own proof. The
arbitrators shall not have the power to add to, modify or change any of the provisions of this Lease. Each arbitrator shall be a licensed real estate broker having at least 10 years experience in leasing space in first class office buildings in
Manhattan which are similar to the Building. After a determination has been made of the Fair Market Rent, the parties shall execute and deliver an instrument setting forth the Fair Market Rent, but the failure to so execute and deliver any such
instrument shall not affect the determination of Fair Market Rent. Landlord and Tenant hereby (A) agree that any decision rendered in any arbitration held pursuant to this  Section 33.03(e)  shall be final and binding upon Landlord
and Tenant, whether or not a judgment shall be entered in any court, and (B) consent to the entry of any such order of judgment.    (f)
If Tenant disputes Landlord s Determination and if the final determination of Fair Market Rent shall not be made on or before the first day of the Renewal Term, then, pending such final determination, Tenant shall pay, as Base Rent for the
Renewal Term, an amount equal to Landlord s Determination. If the resolution of such dispute shall be in favor of Tenant, then within 30 days after the final determination of Fair Market Rent, Landlord shall refund to Tenant any over payment or
credit Tenant against Rent next coming due, at Landlord s option.    (g) It is an express condition of the Renewal Option granted to
Tenant pursuant to the terms of this  Article 33  that time is of the essence with respect to Tenant s exercise of such Renewal Option by the date, and the giving of Tenant s Notice pursuant to  Section 33.03(d)  of this
Lease within the time period, specified in this  Article 33 .    (h) The rights granted to Tenant under this  Article 33  are
personal to the Tenant named in this Lease (or its Successor Entity) and may not be exercised by any other Tenant.    (i) The termination of
this Lease during the initial Term shall also terminate and render void any unexercised option or right granted on Tenant s part to extend the Term of this Lease pursuant to this  Article 33 . Nothing contained in this  Article 33 
shall prevent Landlord from exercising any right granted to or reserved by Landlord in this Lease to terminate this Lease. None of Tenant s options set forth in this  Article 33  may be severed from this Lease or separately sold, assigned
or transferred.  
      105  

ARTICLE 34  
 TERRACE    Section 34.01
 Terrace . (a) Tenant shall have the right to exclusively use in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements the setback located on the 4th floor of the Building and shown on  Exhibit I  annexed hereto (the
  Terrace  ). There shall be no charge to Tenant (other than as set forth in this  Section 34.01 ) for the rights granted under this  Article 34 . Tenant, at Tenant s expense, may construct a roof deck on the
Terrace and make such other Alterations thereto as Tenant may desire, including, without limitation, adding an additional entry point, subject to the approval of Ground Lessor (to the extent required under the Ground Lease) and Landlord s
approval in accordance with  Article 14  above and the other applicable provisions of this Lease. The air intake and exhaust ducts on the Terrace shall not be relocated in connection with the construction of such roof deck and Tenant s use
of the Terrace in accordance with the provisions of this  Article 34  and Tenant s installations on, and use of, the Terrace shall not interfere with the air flow requirements of such ducts.  
 (b) Use of the Terrace shall be subject to the reasonable rules and regulations promulgated by Landlord from time to time in accordance with
the provisions of  Article 13  above.    (c) All furniture, furnishings, or related installations on the Terrace shall be subject to
the approval of Landlord, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (it being agreed that Landlord may, among other things, consider the height of such furniture, furnishings or related installations in determining
whether to grant such approval) (and the approval of Ground Lessor, to the extent required under the Ground Lease). All such furniture, furnishings, or related installations shall be installed in such a manner so that they are securely affixed to
the Terrace to the extent required by any applicable Legal Requirements or insurance requirements and such manner of installation shall be subject to Landlord s approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  
 (d) Smoking is prohibited at all times throughout the Terrace.  
 (e) Alcoholic beverages may be served or consumed in the Terrace;  provided , that (i) such use of alcoholic beverages shall not
violate any certificate of occupancy for the Building, (ii) such use of alcoholic beverages shall not interfere with or disturb other tenants or occupants of the Building beyond a de minimis extent, (iii) such use of alcoholic beverages is
in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements and Tenant shall have obtained one or more liquor licenses with respect thereto to the extent required by applicable Legal Requirements, and (iv) Landlord shall have no liability in
connection therewith, except to the extent deriving from the negligence or willful misconduct of a Landlord Party.    (f) Tenant may only
use the Terrace for uses incidental to Tenant s or any permitted subtenant s ordinary conduct of business in the Premises as permitted by this Lease  
      106  

and in all events for purposes and in a manner consistent with the character of the Building as a first class office building in downtown Manhattan and comparable terrace space in first class
office buildings in downtown Manhattan with due regard to the fact that activities conducted thereon will be visible to other tenants in the Building.  
 (g) Tenant shall indemnify Landlord and maintain insurance with respect to Tenant s usage of the Terrace in accordance with Tenant s
obligations under  Articles 12  and  26  of this Lease as if the Terrace were part of the Premises during the period of Tenant s usage thereof.  
 (h) Tenant shall be responsible for all Persons (other than Landlord and Landlord s agents, employees and contractors) using the Terrace
by, through or under Tenant.    (i) Use of the Terrace by any Tenant Party shall in no way interfere with or disturb the operation or
maintenance of the Building or the other tenants and occupants of the Building or their use and occupancy thereof, in each case beyond a de minimis extent;  
 (j) Tenant shall take all necessary steps to minimize noise emanating from the Terrace to portions of the Building that are not leased by
Tenant, and in no event shall Tenant permit music (live or recorded) or other amplified sounds to be played, performed or made on or from the Terrace that interferes with other tenants or occupants of the Building;  
 (k) Landlord, at Tenant s expense, shall promptly repair all damage to the (i) Terrace and other portions of the Building in either
case caused by Tenant s or any other Tenant Party s use of the Terrace, including, without limitation, moving and removing materials, supplies and other property to and from the Terrace and (ii) the roof membrane of the Terrace,
provided that in each case, Landlord s charges to Tenant therefor are commercially reasonable. Tenant shall pay to Landlord, within 30 days after delivery by Landlord to Tenant of an invoice therefor (together with reasonable supporting
documentation for the charges set forth therein, if available) all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by Landlord in connection with such repair.  
 (l) Tenant, at Tenant s expense, shall clean and maintain the Terrace in a manner consistent with the character of the Building as a
first class office building in downtown Manhattan.    Landlord makes no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the permissibility of the use of the
Terrace under applicable Legal Requirements or the suitability of the Terrace for any particular use thereof other than that, as of the date of this Lease, the use of the Terrace as contemplated in this Article 34 is permitted in accordance with
applicable Legal Requirements.    Section 34.02  Tenant Events . If Tenant is hosting an event at the Premises or on the Terrace
and at which Tenant reasonably expects to have at least 15 invitees, Tenant shall give to Landlord at least 5 Business Days prior notice of such event. If Landlord reasonably believes that additional personnel in the lobby of the Building are
required in order to facilitate the entrance and check in of such invitees into the Building, then at Landlord s option, Landlord shall either supply such additional personnel at Tenant s expense (and the cost therefor shall be paid by
Tenant to Landlord within 30 days after delivery by Landlord to Tenant of an invoice therefor (together with reasonable supporting documentation for the charges set forth therein, if available), or require Tenant, at Tenant s expense, to supply
such personnel.  
      107  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their hands hereunto as of the date first
hereinabove set forth.       

LANDLORD:  

WFP TOWER D CO. L.P.  

By: WFP Tower D Co. G.P. Corp., its general partner  

By: 
   
   /s/ Jeremiah B. Larkin   

Name: 
   
 Jeremiah B. Larkin  

Title: 
   
   Executive Vice President   Director of
Leasing   

TENANT:  

OLAPIC, INC.  

By: 
   
   /s/ Pau Sabria   

Name: 
   
 Pau Sabria  

Title: 
   
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

Tenant s Federal Identification Number: 27-0684696  

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 6
 d267781dex107.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10.7 

Exhibit 10.7   
   LEASE AGREEMENT      This Lease
Agreement (  Agreement  ) is made at Noida on this 14 th  day of October 2016.  
  BETWEEN      Pawan Impex Private
Limited,  a Company duly incorporated and registered under the Companies Act 1956 having its Registered Office at D-3, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi   110 017 through its authorized signatory Mr. Suhrid Roy (Voter ID no NEC2130060), son
of Shri Ras Bihari Roy, R/o 168-B, Pocket A-3 (LIG), Mayur Vihar phase III, Delhi - 110096 (duly authorized vide board resolution dated 27 th  September 2016) (hereinafter referred to as the
  Lessor  , which expression shall unless repugnant to the context and meaning thereof be deemed to mean and include its successors and permitted assigns) of the  One Part ;  
  AND      Monotype Solutions India Private
Limited,  a Company incorporated under Companies Act having its Registered Office at 2F, Elegance, Jasola District Centre, Old Mathura Road, New Delhi-110025, through its managing director  Mr. Vivek Sandurea  (Aadhar card no 886638747726),
Son of  Shri. Harkesh Kumar Sandurea  ,  R/o 112/12, Amrit Puri B, Sriniwaspuri SO, South Delhi, Delhi   110065 (duly authorized vide board resolution dated 22 nd  September 2016)
(hereinafter referred to as the   Lessee  , which expression shall unless repugnant to the context and meaning thereof be deemed to mean and include its successors and permitted assigns) of the  Other Part.   
 The Lessor and the Lessee are hereinafter also referred to, collectively as the  Parties  and individually as  Party .  
  WHEREAS       

1. 
 The Lessor is the absolute owner of, free from all encumbrances (except for Lenders  Charge) and is otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to and has absolute right, title, interest and authority in the Demised
Premises located in a building known as GYS Universal Tower (Tower B), Plot no. A-3, 4   5, Sector   125, Noida and more particularly described in the site plan (marked in red) in Schedule 1 of this Agreement (hereinafter referred to
as the   Building  ) and is competent to lease office spaces in the Building.        

2. 
 The Lessor has represented to the Lessee that it is absolutely seized and possessed of the Demised Premises and that, save and except for it, no other person is entitled to the ownership and/ or any other rights in
respect of the same and that it has full power, right and authority to deal with and/or dispose of the Leased Premises to any person of its choice and in such manner as it may, in its absolute discretion, choose and to execute this Agreement with
full knowledge of all the laws, bye-laws, rules, regulations, notification etc. which are applicable to the Said Building and the Demised Premises. The Lessor has further represented to the Lessee that, it has obtained all requisite sanctions,
approvals, licenses, from all the statutory/competent authorities including the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority, which may be necessary for lease of the Demised Premises in favour of the Lessee for IT/ITES purpose, at its own costs and
expenses. The Lessor shall be solely responsible and liable for any action by any authority, claim/ damages etc. arising out of non-compliance thereof.    

3. 
 The Lessee has represented to the Lessor that:        

a. 
 The use and occupation of the said Leased Premises by the Lessee to be made as hereinafter stated will not tantamount to an easement and will not create any easement or other similar rights;    

b. 
 At no point of time will the Lessee contend that this Agreement or the occupation of the said Leased Premises by it gives any title or other similar rights to the Lessee in respect of the said Leased Premises or any
part thereof except as stated in this Agreement.        

4. 
 This Agreement shall be effective as of the Lease Commencement Date.        

6. 
 The Lessor has agreed to allow the Lessee to occupy and use Leased Premises on lease basis on the following terms and conditions agreed to between the Parties.    
  NOW THESE PRESENTS WITNESSETH AND THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:       

1. 
 At the request of the Lessee and subject to the compensation, terms, conditions and covenants on the part of the Lessee to be paid, observed and performed, the Lessor hereby allows the Lessee on lease basis to use and
occupy the Leased Premises belonging to the Lessor but without creating any easement or other rights or interest of whatsoever nature in favor of the Lessee together with the right to park cars in terms of this Agreement, in the car parking spaces
earmarked by the Lessor in the basement as provided in Clause 5 (Car Parking Spaces) below. The Lessee shall occupy the said Leased Premises.        

2. 
   Use of the Leased Premises        2.1 The Lessee shall use the Leased Premises for
IT/ITES purpose only. The Lessee shall, at all times during the Term be entitled to have unrestricted access to, and carry on its business unhindered in, the Leased Premises as per the Operational Hours. The Lessee shall obtain necessary permissions
from the concerned government authorities for operations on National Holidays, where applicable. The Lessee shall not make any structural changes or do customization of the Leased Premises including internal lay outs for creating seating
arrangements etc.    2.2 Lessee would have full right to change the layout of the 2 nd , 3 rd , and 4 th  floor by constructing any section or demolishing any section in demised premises which do not impact the safety of structure in Tower B
for its business requirements during the entire tenure of the lease with a prior written consent of Lessor which shall not be unreasonably withheld.  

3. 
   Lease Rentals          

3.1 
 The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor monthly Lease Rentals from the Rent Commencement Date, for the use and occupation of the Leased Premises subject to deduction of TDS, at the rate applicable as per law from time to
time, which rentals are to be paid in advance, on or before the seventh day of the relevant calendar month. The Lease Rentals is exclusive of Service Tax, which the Lessee shall pay/reimburse at the actual rates. The Parties agree that the Lessee
will not be liable to pay rent for a period of 5 (five) days from the date of handover of possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessee, in the manner contemplated in Clause [19] below.    

3.2 
 Except as specifically mentioned elsewhere in this Agreement and subject to the deduction of TDS, the Lease Rentals and all other charges payable by the Lessee to the Lessor under / in relation to this Agreement shall
be paid free of any restriction or condition and free and clear of and without any withholding, whether on account of tax or otherwise. If the Lessee is obliged to make any counter-claim, set off, deduction or withholding from any such amount, then
the amount payable by the Lessee shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after making the deduction or withholding, the Lessor receives and retains (free from any liability except for tax on overall income) a net sum equal to the
Lease Rentals, if no such counter-claim, set off, deduction or withholding had been required or made.        

3.3 
 In case of any delay in payments by the Lessee to the Lessor after the fourteenth day of the relevant calendar month, the Lessee shall be liable to pay interest at the rate of 18% p.a. from the seventh day of the
relevant calendar month until the period of delay. If the default continues for a period of 30 (thirty) days, a written notice shall be served to the Lessee by the Lessor. Subsequently on the failure of the Lessee to rectify / remedy the said breach
within 10(ten) days of delivery of written notice by the Lessor, this Agreement shall, at the option of the Lessor, come to an end and the Lessee shall be required to remove itself, its belongings, employees, etc. from the Leased Premises as
detailed in Clause 13.1. However Lessee shall be liable to pay Lease Rentals for remaining Lock-in period.        

3.4 
 It is specifically agreed between the Parties that the Lease Rentals will commence from the Rent Commencement Date. In the event the Rent Commencement Date starts in the middle of a calendar month, the Lessee shall pay
proportionate Lease Rentals for that month.        

4. 
   No Objection Certificate from Bank   :             

4.1 
 The Lessor has obtained  No Objection Certificate  from Bank and the same were shared with lessee via email dated 16 September 2016.    

5. 
   Car Parking Spaces   :       The Lessor will provide the Lessee, 42 (Forty Two)
contiguous reserved car parking spaces in the basement of the Said Building (measuring approximately 4.5 meters by 2.2 meters), contiguous and marked, at no additional cost for the entire Term and renewals

thereof. The Lessee shall also provide an additional 38 (Thirty Eight) contiguous guaranteed car parking spaces in basement and 10 (Ten) contiguous guaranteed surface car parking spaces charged
at INR 3,000 (INR Three Thousand only) per car per month (  Additional Car Parking Charges  ).      

6. 
   Taxes, Charges, Other Governmental Fees          

6.1 
 All the past, existing and future taxes, duties, charges, rates, levies, cesses (including increases and/ or fresh impositions, if any, therein from time to time, both prospectively and retrospectively) payable in
respect of the Leased Premises and the Building, to the Government or to any Municipal or to the local authority or to any other authority, will be borne and paid by the Lessor alone. In the event of any demand of such taxes, duties, charges, rates,
levies, cesses payable by the Lessor and raised by any authority is not paid in time by the Lessor which may attract punitive action by such authority, and as a result Lessee s operations from the Demised Premises are affected or threatened to
be affected, the Lessee shall give a written notice to the Lessor. Subsequently, if after 15 days of delivery of the said notice, if the dues are still unpaid by the Lessor, the Lessee shall be entitled, without being obliged to do so, to pay the
said demand on behalf of the Lessor and recover the same from the Lessor. The Lessor undertakes to repay the amount paid by the Lessee, to the Lessee, within a period of 15 days from the date of payment by the Lessee, failing which the Lessee will
be entitled to deduct the said amount from the Lease Rentals. However, it is clarified that if any such demand which in view of the Lessor is untenable and if the Lessor has taken steps to challenge such demand within the statutory permissible
period, than the Lessee shall not, so long as the Lessee s operations from the Demised Premises are not affected, have the right to pay such demand and if despite such challenge pending at the instance of the Lessor, Lessee directly pays such
demanded amount to any Authority, the Lessee shall have no right to recover such an amount paid by it, unless the challenge made by the Lessor to such a demand is finally adjudicated and held as payable by the Lessor or if the Lessee s
operations from the Demised Premises are affected.        

6.2 
 If there are any past, current or future dues, payments or outstandings payable by the Lessor to the NOIDA Authorities on account of the Building, the Demised Premises or any other aspect, then the Lessor shall be
solely responsible to ensure that these are cleared in a timely manner and do not cause any disturbance to the Lessee s operations from the Demised Premises.    

6.3 
 The Lessee shall be responsible to pay/ reimburse all existing and future service tax or any new tax of like nature in respect of the Leased Premises as finally assessed or which may arise from time to time. In the
event of any demand of service tax or any new tax of like nature payable by the Lessor and raised by the appropriate authority, the Lessor shall be entitled, without being obliged to do so, to pay the said demand on behalf of the Lessee and recover
the same from the Lessee and such amounts, if paid by the Lessor on behalf of the Lessee, shall be reimbursed by the Lessee to the Lessor within 15 days from the date the Lessor submits the proof of deposit of such amount to the Lessee.

7.1 
   The Lessee shall be entitled to display its signs, name and logo on the common building directory / common
signage panel in the ground floor lobby signage panel the lift lobby     

at the 2 nd , 3 rd  and 4 th  floor. In
case Lessor provides a common panel for other occupants at the lift entrance at the ground floor of the Building, Lessee shall be entitles entitled to display its name sign and logo. The Lessee shall not be liable to pay any additional charges for
such signs, name, logo to the Lessor.        

7.2 
 In case Lessor provides a pylon at the entrances, the Lessor will allow the Lessee to display its signs, name and logo on the pylon in the Building as mutually agreeable commercials, as applicable to the other
occupants.        

7.3 
 The Lessee shall be allowed to put, at its own cost, its signage on the front external fa ade of the Tower B Building for the term of agreement at no additional charges. This signage will be illuminated. All
statutory, incidental and electricity consumption charges on the Fa ade Signage shall be borne and paid by the Intending Lessee after consultation for the location with the Intending Lessor. Lessee shall be responsible for any damage on the
external fa ade on account of installation of signage.        

8. 
   Rental Discounting / Mortgage / Sale /Transfer          

8.1 
 During the Term of this Agreement, the Lessor shall be entitled to sell, transfer, gift, exchange, assign or otherwise dispose-off the Leased Premises, or create a mortgage, charge, lien or other encumbrance or third
party right in respect of the Leased Premises. Provided however, the Lessor shall take all steps to ensure that Lessee s rights hereunder shall remain unaffected and that the Lessee may carry on its activities in the Leased Premises unhindered
in any manner whatsoever and have peaceful occupation of the Demised Premises (including obtaining the no objection and consent letter by such third party (if any), for the lease of the Demised Premises by the Lessor in favour of the Lessee, in the
formats as provided in Schedule 3 of this Agreement (in the case of a lender or security trustee) or as may be acceptable to the Lessee). The Lessor specifically agrees and undertakes that in the event the Demised Premises are sold, transferred,
gifted, exchanged, assigned, mortgaged, encumbered, charged or conveyed to any third party, such transfer shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Lessee shall continue to be in possession of the Demised Premises without any
interruption or disturbance by the transferee and the Lessee shall in no way be affected. Further, in the event of the Lessor selling either, the whole or part of the Demised Premises, the Lessor and the Lessee shall execute such agreement(s) as may
be required by the Lessee to incorporate and bind the terms of this Agreement to the purchasers of the said or whole of the Demised Premises.        

8.2 
 In the event of Lessor arranging with any Bank or Financial Institution for discounting the Lease Rentals receivable by it under this Agreement or the Lessor mortgaging the Leased Premises, the Lessee upon receipt of
written instruction from the Lessor will confirm in writing and pay the Lease Rentals payable under this Agreement to the Bank or Financial Institution as the case may be as may be directed by the Lessor without any demur or protest. Provided
however that, such discounting or mortgage will not affect the leasehold and other rights created in this Agreement in favour of the Lessee, and that no new obligations of any kind are added to the responsibilities of the Lessee.    

8.3 
 The Lessor has informed the Lessee that the Demised Premises is currently mortgaged with IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited, for and as security trustee of the Lenders, as a    

security for the loan. The Lessor specifically agrees, confirms and undertakes that in the event the Demised Premises is transferred or conveyed to any of the Lenders or the Security Trustee or
any third party at the behest of any of the Lenders / Security Trustee, due to non-repayment of the loan amount by the Lessor or for any other reason whatsoever, such transfer / conveyance shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement and the
rights of the Lessee to occupy the Demised Premises until the expiry of the Term and any renewal thereto. The Lessee shall continue to be in possession of the Demised Premises without any interruption or disturbance by the transferee and shall not
be affected in any manner, whatsoever. Further, the Lessor and the Lessee shall execute and the Lessor shall ensure that the Lenders and/or the Security Trustee and/or the third party purchaser executes, such agreement(s) as may be required by the
Lessee to incorporate and bind the terms of this Agreement to the Lenders and/or the Security Trustee and/or the third party purchasers of the Demised Premises.        

9. 
   S  tamping and Registration        Any applicable stamp duty and/or lease
registration charges in respect of this Agreement shall be borne by the Lessee. The Lessor shall not be liable to pay any costs, charges or expenses incurred for stamp duty and registration of this Agreement for the entire Term and renewals. The
original copy of this Agreement shall be retained by the Lessee, and a certified true copy of this Agreement by the Sub Registrar shall be provided to the Lessor by the Lessee.  

10. 
   Obligations of the Lessee          

10.1 
 The Lessee shall maintain the Leased Premises in good condition and will not cause any damage thereto, except those caused in the course of normal wear   tear or damages as a result of Force Majeure events. If any
damage is caused to the Leased Premises or any part thereof by the Lessee or its employees, servants or agents, (except normal wear and tear or as a result of Force Majeure events) the same will be made good by the Lessee at the cost of the Lessee
either by rectifying the damage or by paying cash compensation.        

10.2 
 All the licenses required to carry on the business [at the Leased Premises] will be obtained by the Lessee at its own cost and it will observe and perform the terms and conditions thereof properly and regularly.

10.3 
   At the end of the Term, the Lessee shall be obligated to leave the Demised Premises in its original condition
with its fixed and loose fixtures, light fittings, false ceiling, flooring, wiring and partition walls and further depicted in the photographs attached as Schedule 2 to this Agreement, on an  as is where is  basis, subject to normal wear
and tear. The Lessee will however be entitled to add additional fit outs and/or replace existing fit outs, furniture and fixtures, fixed or loose, of the Lessor, with new fit outs at its own costs and expenses, with the prior written permission of
the Lessor. The Lessee will not require the prior permission of the Lessor for adding any loose furniture and fixtures in the Demised Premises, at its own costs and expenses. In the event any fit out is replaced with the written permission of the
Lessor, the Lessee will not be obligated to restore the original fit out at the time of handing over vacant possession of the Demised Premises, to the Lessor. Any fit outs work carried out by the Lessee and any new fixture and furniture, which is
fixed (other than any electrical, audio visual or electronic equipment) and installed by the Lessee will become the property of the Lessor and the Lessee shall not     

be entitled to remove anything or take away anything at any point of time during the Term or on its Termination. However the Lessee shall be entitled to remove/take away any loose furniture,
fixture installed by the Lessee. At the end of the Term or on its earlier Termination in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in case any fixture is found damaged or missing (other than on account of normal wear and tear or as a result of
Force Majeure events), the Lessee shall replace the same at its own cost. In the event of any damage to the Demised Premises, the Lessee shall be under an obligation to set right the damage and rectify the Demised Premises through its own
sources/contractors to put it in the same condition as it was at the time of execution of this Agreement, subject to normal wear and tear. This rectification shall be done by the Lessee before handing over the vacant possession of the Demised
Premises after the expiry of the Lease or its earlier termination. In the event the Lessee fails to rectify the damage to the Demised Premises the Lessor may rectify such damage at its own cost and recover such costs from the Lessee. Such amount
shall be recoverable by the Lessor from the Lessee from the IFRSD and if such IFRSD is not adequate, the balance shall be payable by the Lessee to the Lessor within 5 working days of the demand having been made by the Lessor on the Lessee.
       
   Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
the lease shall be valid for the Term. Entire Term shall be treated as the Lock   In Period for both the Parties inclusive of a 3 months  notice period for termination (  Lock   In Period  ). Both the Lessor and the
Lessee will have no right to terminate the Agreement during the Lock   In Period, other than due to a breach by either Party in the manner appearing in Clause 12 below or due to the Leased Premises being damaged as a result of Force Majeure
events as mentioned herein, or due to any other specific provision mentioned in this Agreement. It is clarified that there will be no lock-in for the renewal terms.      

12.1 
 Subject to Clause 12.3, the Lessee shall have the sole right to terminate the Agreement at any time without assigning any reason whatsoever, subject to providing a 3 (three) months prior written notice to the Lessor
after expiry of the 33rd (thirty third) month from the Lease Commencement Date.        

12.2 
 Notwithstanding the Lock-In Period, the Lessee shall be entitled to terminate the Agreement in the event of a breach by the Lessor of any of its obligations under the Agreement and failure of the Lessor to rectify /
remedy the said breach within 30 (thirty) days of delivery of written notice by the Lessee.        

12.3 
 Notwithstanding the Lock-In Period, the Lessee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if the Lessor is declared to be insolvent or bankrupt by a court of competent jurisdiction.    

12.4 
 Notwithstanding the Lock-In Period, the Lessee shall have the option to terminate this Agreement in the event there occurs a force majeure event occurs in which case the provisions of Clause [42]shall apply.

12.5 
 Subject to Clause [3.3], the Lessor shall be entitled to terminate the Agreement in the event of a breach by the Lessee of any of its obligations under the Agreement and failure of the Lessee to rectify / remedy the
said breach within 30 (thirty) days of delivery of written notice by the Lessor. In that event, the Lessee will also pay the Lease Rentals for the unexpired term of the Lock-in period.    

12.6 
 Notwithstanding the Lock-In-Period, the Lessor shall, in case the Lenders and/or the Security Trustee direct so, be entitled to unilaterally terminate this Agreement by giving 7 (seven) days written notice to the Lessee
terminating this Agreement, without assigning any reason whatsoever. In such a case, the Lessee shall continue to occupy and retain possession of the Demised Premises until the expiry of the Agreement and the Lenders and/or the Security Trustee
shall and the Lessor shall ensure that the Lenders and/or the Security Trustee shall, immediately enter into direct lease with the Lessee, on the same terms and conditions as mentioned in this Agreement as executed between the Lessee and the Lessor,
at the Lenders  own cost.      The Lessor shall ensure that there is no interruption to the use of the Demised Premises by
the Lessee and that no discomfort or inconvenience is caused to the Lessee and its employees, directors, officers, servants and affiliates, on account of any of the abovementioned action(s) undertaken by the Lessor and/or any of the Lenders and/or
the Security Trustee.      

12.7 
 Notwithstanding the Lock-In-Period, in the event the Agreement is renewed, the Lessee may terminate the Agreement at any time during the renewed period, by giving a prior written notice of 3 (three) months.

11. 
   Consequences of Expiration of This Agreement          

13.1 
 Upon this Agreement coming to an end by efflux of time or upon earlier termination of this Agreement in a manner contemplated in this Agreement, the Lessee shall remove itself together with all the equipment installed/
placed by the Lessee in the Leased Premises and hand over vacant and peaceful possession of the Leased Premises, as stated in Clause [10.3] above, to the Lessor.        

13.2 
 On such expiry of the Term or earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof and receipt of the IFRSD after the settlement of dues between the Parties as contemplated in Clause [16.3]below,
subject to Clause 10.3, if the Lessee fails to remove, on the same day of the refund of the IFRSD, itself, its employees and agents along with all its or their belongings, articles or things from the Leased Premises, then in that case the Lessee
shall be treated as Trespasser.    

During the Term, the Lessor shall be responsible to carry out, at its
own cost, all major and/or structural repairs as may be required during the Term caused by force majeure and wear and tear during the Lessee s normal use of the Demised Premises and not attributable to the Lessee. The Lessee shall be
responsible to carry out, at its own cost, all day   to   day repairs and maintenance work in order to keep the Leased Premises in good state.      

15.1 
 The Lessee shall agree to pay Interest free refundable security deposit ( IFRSD ) for 2 nd , 3 rd  and 4 th  floor of tower B as equivalent to 6 (six) months of Lease Rentals amounting to INR 1,48,00,320 (INR One crore forty eight lakhs three hundred twenty only).    

15.2 
 The Lessee has already paid to INR 70,72,740/- (INR Seventy Lakhs Seventy Two Thousand Seven Hundred forty only) to the Lessor via electronic transfer in the month of Feb, 2016 on account of IFRSD as equivalent to 3
(three) months Lease Rentals for Tower A.        

15.3 
 The Lessor has IFRSD for 4 th  Floor amounting to INR 23,02,272 (Twenty three lakhs two thousand two hundred seventy two only) from previous lease deed with Lessor
which will be adjusted against revised lease deed.        

15.4 
 The Balance IFRSD amounting to INR 54,25,308 (INR Fifty Four lakhs twenty five thousand three hundred eight only) -) shall be paid by the Lessee on the date of Signing of lease deed.    

16. 
   Refund of Security Deposit          

16.1 
 The Lessor shall refund to the Lessee, the entire IFRSD on the expiry of the Term or earlier termination of this Agreement, without any unreasonable deductions, simultaneously with Lessee handing over the vacant and
peaceful possession of the Leased Premises and upon a joint inspection of the Leased Premises, to the satisfaction of the Lessor that the Demised Premises is in the same condition as it was at the time of execution of this Agreement, subject to
normal wear and tear.        

16.2 
 The IFRSD shall be refunded simultaneous to settlement of dues if any, in a manner as stated in Clause [16.3] below and handover of the vacant and peaceful possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessor.

16.3 
   If the Lessor wishes to make deductions from the IFRSD, the Lessor shall communicate the same by providing to the
Lessee the statement of the outstanding dues payable by the Lessee, if any, and other estimated charges payable under this Agreement, supported with relevant documents. If the Lessee does not object to the proposed deduction within

(seven) days of receiving the notice, the Lessor shall deduct the amount from the IFRSD. In the event of the Lessee objects to the demand made by the Lessor, an independent expert shall be
appointed by both the Parties to evaluate the statement of outstanding dues prepared by the Lessor. The same procedure shall be followed for deduction of IFRSD even in case of expiry/early termination of this Agreement. The Parties agree to reach a
settlement with respect to the deductions made by the Lessor, within 7 (seven) working days of the expiry/ earlier termination of this Agreement, following which the provisions of Clause [16.1] will apply. In the event no such settlement is arrived
at within 7 (seven) working days and the proposed deductions are less than 25% of the IFRSD, then the IFRSD will be refunded after deductions and possession of the Demised Premises will be handed over by the Lessee to the Lessor. In the event no
such settlement is arrived at within 7 (seven) working days and the proposed deductions are more than 25% of the IFRSD, the Parties will jointly decide on the next step.    

16.4 
 In case of any delay by the Lessor in refunding the IFRSD to the Lessee as aforesaid, the Lessor shall pay an interest of 18% (eighteen percent) per annum for the period of delay after settlement of dues between the
parties and the Lessee shall be entitled to retain possession of the Leased Premises without occupancy until and unless the IFRSD is refunded by the Lessor.        

16.5 
 The Lessor shall have right to adjust the dues against Security Deposit in lieu of any expenditure incurred towards carrying the fit-out as specifically mentioned in clause 19, in case termination prior to Lock-in
period of 3 (three) years from the Rent Commencement Date (inclusive of a 3 (three) months  notice period for termination) for reasons other than a breach by the Lessor of its obligations under the Lease Agreement. The Lessor shall have right
to adjust the dues against Security Deposit, such proportion of the Lessor s Cost as per the following formula:    
 (1,00,00,000 (One Crore only) or actual Lessor s Fit Out Expense /3)*(3-n) years Where n is the no. of years the Lessee occupies the
Demised Premises (to be calculated from the Rent Commencement Date).      

17. 
   Lease Renewal and Escalation          

17.1 
 The Lease will be automatically renewed for two (2) further terms of 3 (three) years each on the same terms and conditions as mentioned in this Agreement subject to the escalation in the Lease Rentals as per 17.4 and
17.5 below, unless the Lessee serves the advance termination notice as provided in Clause [11] of this Agreement.        

17.2 
 The Parties agree and confirm that there shall be no lock-in for the lease renewal term.        

17.3 
 The Parties agree that the Lease Rentals, IFRSD and the Additional Car Parking Charges shall be escalated after every 36 (thirty six) months from the Lease Commencement Date of the Demised Premises.    

17.4 
 In the event the Lease is renewed for the 2nd (second) term as stated above, the escalation of the Lease Rentals for the 2nd (second) term will be at a rate of 15% (fifteen percent) on INR 60 (INR sixty only) per sq. ft
and will be effective from the 37th (thirty seventh) month from the Lease Commencement Date.    

17.5 
 In the event the Lease is renewed for the 3rd (third) term as stated above, the escalation of the Lease Rentals for the 3rd (third) term will be at a rate of 15% (fifteen percent) on the rent of the 2nd (second) term
and will be effective from the 73rd (seventy third) month from the Lease Commencement Date.        

18.1 
 During the Term and renewals (if any), the Lessor shall obtain a comprehensive insurance coverage including fire, earthquake coverage of the entire Building and all the fit outs installed by the Lessor in the Leased
Premises except for the assets installed by the Lessee inside the Leased Premises, and shall make timely payment of all insurance premiums. The Lessee should also be obliged to take insurance cover for its own assets, employees, servants etc. The
Lessee shall in no way be responsible for any loss suffered by the Lessor on account of not obtaining comprehensive insurance coverage as stated above. In the event of any damage to the fit outs installed by the Lessor and if any claim is refused by
insurance company citing error on part of Lessee (except on account of normal wear and tear or damages as a result of Force Majeure Events), the said Loss shall be made good by the Lessee. The Lessor shall also in no way be responsible for any loss
suffered by the Lessee on account of not obtaining comprehensive insurance cover for its own assets, employees, servants etc.        

18.2 
 Either Party shall not do or permit to be done or shall not omit to be done any act or thing which may render void or voidable any insurance relating to or in respect of a part or the whole of the Building or the
Demised Premises as the case may be, or cause any increase in premium payable by other Party in respect thereof.        

19. 
   Handover of Possession of the Demised Premises          

19.1 
 The Lessor hereby agrees, confirms and undertakes that it shall handover possession of the Demised Premises after doing refurbishment of Demised Premises on November 15, 2016 as per mutual understanding to be agreed in
writing between the Lessor and the Lessee before the date of registration of this Agreement.        

19.2 
 Any delay in handover of possession of Demised Premises (except the delays occurred due to the changes during fit out period suggested by the Lessee post agreed fit out work) after November 15, 2016 shall be rent-free
period for the Lessee and the Lessee shall not be liable to pay any Lease Rentals beginning from November 15, 2016 until date of actual handover of possession of the Demised Premises.    

19.3 
 The Lessor shall spend maximum upto INR 1,00,00,000 (INR One Crore Only) for the refurbishment of the Demised Premises ( Lessor s Fit Out Expense ) to make Demised Premises suitable for lease of Fitted
Out space as desired by the Lessee. Any excess amount over INR 1,00,00,000 (INR One Crore Only) for refurbishment shall be borne by the Lessee to develop Demised Premises suitable for business purpose ( Lessee s Fit Out Expense ).

The same shall be immediately reimbursed by the Lessee to the Lessor after submitted the invoice
by the Lessor to the Lessee within 7 (seven) working days. Delay in the payment of reimbursement amount beyond agreed timelines shall attract 18% interest for the delayed period.  

19.4 
 Any cost escalation during the Fit Out construction phase need to be pre-approved by Mr. Vivek Sandurea/Mrs. Barkha Bhasin from the Company. Any cost escalation that is not pre-approved will not be part of
Company s Cost and have to be borne by Owner outside of Owner s Cost in the BoQ.        

19.5 
 The Lessor shall provide Design and Build solution for the proposed refurbishment The complete design and BOQ of all 3 (three) floors (2 nd , 3 rd  and 4 th ) shall have mutual consent of the Lessee and the Lessor before execution of the refurbishment.    
   
   Subject to applicable statutory rules and regulations, the Lessee
shall have unlimited access to the Demised Premises and the parking facilities and common areas of the Building, on 24/7 basis save and except restricted areas of the Building.  

21. 
   Use by Affiliates / Group Companies        All affiliates, associates, partners and/or
group companies of the Lessee may use the Demised Premises provided they abide by the terms and conditions provided in this Agreement and the Lessor shall not collect any Lease Rentals from such entities.  

22. 
   Air Conditioning Facilities          

22.1 
 The Lessor shall, use its best efforts to maintain and run the central air conditioning system in good order and condition to ensure air conditioning facilities to the Demised Premises.    

22.2 
 Provision for air conditioning to the Demised Premises will be provided for Operational Hours.        

22.3 
 The Lessor shall ensure that general office area temperatures within the Demised Premises shall be maintained at 23 +/- 1 degree centigrade.    

22.4 
 The Lessor shall ensure that the chiller is properly maintained and cleaned at regular intervals.        

23. 
   Water Tight Condition        The Lessor confirms that the Building is water tight and
shall keep the Demised Premises in watertight condition throughout the Term and renewals thereof.  

24. 
   Peaceful Enjoyment of Demised Premises        The Lessor shall allow during the Term,
peaceful enjoyment of the Demised Premises to the Lessee, subject to the Lessee paying the Lease Rentals under this Agreement.      

25. 
   Representations and Warranties         The Lessor represents, warrants, confirms and
undertakes that:       

i. 
 It is a Company duly incorporated and registered under the Companies Act 1956.        

ii. 
 It is absolutely seized and possessed of the Building developed and is the absolute owner of or is otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to the Leased Premises, and has good right, full power, clean, absolute and
unrestricted right and authority to enter into this Agreement for grant of the Lease of the Leased Premises to the Lessee for the Term and in the manner contemplated in this Agreement.    

iii. 
 There is no claim, mortgage, lien, charge, right or any other encumbrances or impediments on the Leased Premises or any part thereof, except the Lenders  Charge.    

iv. 
 Under the applicable rules and regulations, the Leased Premises are capable of being used for IT/ITES purpose, and the Lessor has obtained all consents, permissions and approvals necessary in law or otherwise for such
purpose, and shall keep the same in full force and effect for and during the Term of the Lease hereby granted, and in the event any notices and/or claim(s) are received from any local or other authority in connection therewith, the Lessor shall at
its own cost and expense, do all such acts as are necessary to ensure that the Lessee s rights hereunder shall remain unaffected and that the Lessee may carry on its activities in the Leased Premises unhindered in any manner whatsoever and have
peaceful occupation of the Demised Premises.        

v. 
 It shall observe and perform, at its own cost, all the terms, conditions and stipulations of all documents under or pursuant to which the Lessor possesses or derives rights and title to the Leased Premises and also to
observe, perform and comply with all the laws, rules, regulations, notifications, bye-laws etc. for the time being and from time to time in force of the Government or any other authority. The Lessor shall always remain responsible for the
consequences of its respective non- compliance of the aforesaid acts/ rules and/or any other applicable laws/ rules/ regulations.        

vi. 
 The Lessor shall perform its obligations towards installation, operation and keeping at all times in operational condition, various equipments, machinery etc. in the Building and the Demised Premises at its own cost and
expenses in conformity with all the applicable laws as aforesaid.        

vii. 
 In case there is any title litigation on the Building, and such litigation affects the title of the Lessor and peaceful occupation of the Lessee in the Demised Premises the Lessor shall be responsible for taking the
necessary legal steps at its own cost.    

viii. 
 The Lessee, its directors, its officers, its employees, agents and clients shall at all times be entitled to the use of the common areas, passages and access way to the Leased Premises and the Building. The common
services, including lighting in common areas, shall also be made available to the Lessee at all times.        

ix. 
 The Lessor shall ensure that the Lessee is entitled to quietly and peacefully use, hold, possess, occupy and enjoy the Leased Premises in accordance with the terms of this Agreement without any interference, hindrance
or disturbance from the Lessor and/or any other person, including closure/sealing of the Leased Premises by any authorities.        

x. 
 Subject to applicable statutory rules and regulations, the Lessee shall have unlimited access to the Demised Premises, the parking facilities, and common areas of the Building on 24/7 basis, save and except restricted
areas of the Building.        

xi. 
 There is no unauthorized construction on or in the Building and that the construction of the Building is as per the sanctioned plans with no deviations/ alterations therefrom and that all the necessary permissions and
licenses have been obtained/shall be obtained in connection with the installation of the electricity, water, sewage, etc. connections in the Demised Premises and the construction of the Demised Premises and the same are valid and subsisting and
shall be renewed from time to time by the Lessor at its own cost and expense as and when necessary.        

xii. 
 The minimum guaranteed efficiency (ratio between the carpet area and the chargeable area) is 75%.        

xiii. 
 There are no pending dues or claims of whatsoever nature to or from the concerned authorities relating to the Demised Premises including but not limited to towards water, electricity, operation, maintenance, taxes and
car parking on or prior to the Lease Commencement Date. Further, all taxes, levies, cess, dues levied by the appropriate government authority with respect to the Demised Premises have been duly paid and no such amounts are outstanding as on the date
of execution of this Agreement. On this date hereof, the Lessor does not have any liability for any taxes, or any interest or penalty in respect thereof, of any nature that has been assessed against the Lessor or become a lien against the Demised
Premises.        

xiv. 
 The Lessee shall not be liable for any expenses incurred by the Lessor for carrying out any improvements in the structure of the Building. Provided however, the Lessor and Lessee shall agree on a mutually acceptable
time period for any repairs which are to be undertaken by the Lessor on the Leased Premises in order to ensure that the business operations of the Lessee during Operational Hours remain unaffected.    

xv. 
 The Lessor shall and shall take all steps to ensure that the Lessee s operations will not be affected in any manner whatsoever due to non-compliance of the Lessor towards any mortgages, charges, encumbrances,
condemnation proceedings, litigations, decrees, or any administrative action that may be applicable on the Demised Premises.    

xvi. 
 The Lessor shall pay all taxes, ground rent, house tax, property tax, municipal tax, other charges, imposts, assessments and outgoings assessed or payable to the concerned authority in respect of the Demised Premises.
However, in the event the Lessee is prevented from carrying on its business from the Demised Premises, the Lessee shall have the right to pay such taxes and other outstandings to the competent authorities and recover the same from the Lessor. The
Lessor undertakes to repay the amount paid by the Lessee, to the Lessee, within a period of 15 days from the date of payment by the Lessee, failing which the Lessee will be entitled to deduct the said amount from the Lease Rentals. The Lessee shall
furnish the receipts for the payment of the outstanding taxes to the Lessor. However, it is clarified that if any such demand which in view of the Lessor is untenable and if the Lessor has taken steps to challenge such demand within the statutory
permissible period than the Lessee shall not, so long as the Lessee s operations from the Demised Premises are not affected, have the right to pay such demand and if despite such challenge pending at the instance of the Lessor, Lessee directly
pays such demanded amount to any Authority, the Lessee shall have no right to recover such an amount paid by it, unless the challenge made by the Lessor to such a demand is finally adjudicated and held as payable by the Lessor or if the
Lessee s operations from the Demised Premises are affected.        

xvii. 
 The Lessor shall abide all bye-laws, rules and regulations of the Government or any other authority or local body and shall observe and perform the covenants and conditions and shall attend to, answer, and be
responsible for all violations of any of the conditions or rules or bye-laws or regulations, that may be required to be followed, observed and performed by the landlord of a property by the said authority (ies).    

xviii. 
 The Lessor has obtained all the necessary statutory approvals with respect to the Demised Premises and the Building including rent permission from the relevant authorities and all such statutory approvals which are
necessary for the peaceful occupation of the same. The Lessor further confirms that it shall keep all such statutory approvals with respect to the Demised Premises and the Building including rent permission valid for the entire Term and any renewals
thereof.        

xix. 
 The Lessor shall, at its own cost, be solely liable for ensuring all compliances and subsistence of statutory approvals with respect to the Demised Premises and the Building, during the Term to ensure peaceful
occupation of the same by the Lessee.        

xx. 
 In the event the Lessor creates an additional charge on the Demised Premises or secures a loan from any person in addition to the Lenders, against the Demised Premises, the Lessor shall provide the Lessee with a no
objection and consent letter by such lender and security trustee (if any), for the lease of the Demised Premises by the Lessor in favour of the Lessee, in the formats as provided in Schedule 3 of this Agreement.    

xxi. 
 The Lessor is aware that the Lessee has entered into this Agreement relying solely upon the Lessor s representations, as herein contained.    

26. 
  The Lessee represents and warrants that:         

i. 
 It is a company duly incorporated and registered under the Companies Act 1956.        

ii. 
 It shall observe and perform all the terms, conditions and stipulations contained herein.        

iii. 
 It shall not keep or store in or upon the Demised Premises or any part thereof any goods of hazardous, inflammable, combustible or explosive nature or any other such material which might cause damage, except permitted
under law.        

iv. 
 If the Lessee uses the Leased Premises for any purpose which is illegal, the Lessor shall have right to terminate this Agreement by giving 30 days cure period notice in writing.    

v. 
 It has physically checked and verified that the efficiency (ratio between the carpet area and the chargeable area) is 75%.        

vi. 
 The Lessee is aware that the Lessor has entered into this Agreement relying solely upon the Lessee s representations, as herein contained.    

27. 
   Sub-Lease of the Demised Premises        The Lessee shall not be allowed to sub lease
or otherwise part with possession of the Demised Premises in favour of a third party. However, affiliates, associates, partners and/or group companies of the Lessee may use the Demised Premises provided they abide by the terms and conditions
provided in this Agreement and the Lessor shall not collect any Lease Rentals from such entities.      
   Either Party shall indemnify and keep indemnified the other Party,
from and against the non observance and performance of the terms and conditions hereunder and from any direct losses, damages, claims, demands, costs, charges and expenses or proceedings which the aggrieved Party may suffer or be put to or
occasioned by reason of any misrepresentation, breach, default, act or omission of the opposite Party or of its servants, agents, occupants, or any person claiming by or through it.  
   
   This Agreement shall not be changed or modified except by written
amendment mutually agreed by the Parties and if any provision of this Agreement shall be held/ determined to be void or unenforceable under applicable law such provision shall be deemed amended or deleted in so far as is inconsistent with the law
and the Agreement shall remain valid and enforceable subject to such deemed amendments/ deletions.      
   No waiver or acquiescence of any breach, or any continuing or subsequent
breach of any provision of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any right under or arising out of this Agreement or acquiescence to or recognition of any right and/or any position other than that expressly stipulated in this Agreement.
Also failure of Lessee to enforce at any time or for any period of time the provision hereof shall not be construed to be waiver of any provisions or of the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision.  

It is intended that each provision of this Agreement shall be
viewed as separate and divisible and in the event that any provision shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue to be in full force and effect.  
   
   The section/ clause headings contained in this Agreement are for
the convenience of the Parties and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.      

33. 
   Non Conferral of Rights        Nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating
any right, interest, easement, tenancy or sub tenancy in favor of the Lessee in or over or upon the Leased Premises or transferring any interest thereon in favor of the Lessee other than the permission hereby granted to the Lessee to use, occupy,
hold, possess and enjoy the Leased Premises at all times.    It is the express, real and true intention of both the Parties hereto that this
Agreement shall be a mere lease and there is no intention on the part of the either Party to create an easement of the Leased Premises in favour of the Lessee and the Lessee has expressly assured and represented to the Lessor and hereby confirms and
acknowledges and declares that the Lessee has no intention of claiming and will not at any time claim ownership or easement right or title in the Leased Premises and that it is on the faith of the express assurance given and representation and
declaration hereby made by the Lessee and believing the same to be true that the Lessor in good faith entered into this Agreement with the Lessee.      

34. 
 The Lessor and his duly authorized agents and representatives shall at all reasonable times be entitled during the day after giving not less than twenty four (24) hours previous notice in writing to the Lessee to enter
the Leased Premises during Operational Hours in order to unobtrusively view, survey and examine the state and condition of the Leased Premises, provided that the Lessee shall not be hindered in carrying on its business by reason thereof.

35. 
   Electricity and Water charges          

35.1. 
 The Lessor shall ensure that electric supply of 4W per square feet of leased area with 100% Diesel Generator backup (excluding HVAC load) shall be made available during Operational Hours for the Demised Premises, as
located in the Demised Premises, from the Uttar Pradesh State Electricity Board for and during the Term of the Lease hereby granted, at no additional cost to the Lessee. The Lessor s obligation towards Diesel Generator backup during
non-operational hours shall be limited to providing electric supply sufficient to run servers and 30 (thirty) computers/laptops only and not any electrical fittings, fixtures or equipment installed inside the Demised Premises.    

35.2. 
 The payments towards electricity consumption (Grid and DG supply) shall be made by the Lessee at actuals as per the actual meter readings and subject to the receipt of a bill from the Lessor. The current charges for
grid power are approximately INR 9.50 (INR Nine and Paise fifty only) per unit.        

35.3. 
 Any additional requirement of power will be charged on the basis of actuals subject to availability.        

35.4. 
 The Lessor shall ensure adequate unfiltered water supply on a continuous basis for consumption in the Leased Premises for and during the Term of the Lease hereby granted, subject to any maintenance undertaken by the
Lessor.        
   The Lessee shall be entitled to engage/employ, at its cost and
expense, security guards in respect of the Leased Premises who shall be positioned/ located inside and/or outside the Leased Premises.      
   The Lessee shall be entitled to adequate space on the terrace
of the Building to install cable TV antenna, place air-conditioning out-door units for its server room, at no extra cost.    Any installation
of equipment on terrace area shall be subject to Lessor s approval and at mutually agreeable commercials. Approval shall be on the basis of size, shape, weight and method of installation of equipment. Further, intending Lessee shall compensate
the rectification cost of any damage incurred during installation.      
   The Lessor will be responsible to provide the employees of the Lessee,
unencumbered access to the cafeteria situated on the ground floor of the Building. It is specifically agreed between the Parties that the employees of the Lessee may bring in their own food and consume it within the cafeteria. The Lessor shall
ensure there is no overcrowding in cafeteria during 1 pm to 2 pm. The Lessor shall ensure that a sufficient number of clean microwaves are made available to all employees, in good working condition.  
   
   All or any disputes arising out of, touching upon, connected
with, concerning or in relation to the terms of this Agreement including the interpretation and validity of the terms thereof and the respective rights and obligations of the Parties shall be settled amicably by mutual discussion. If after 30
(thirty) days of any dispute arising, the Parties fail to reach an amicable settlement, the dispute shall be settled through arbitration The arbitration shall be governed by the Arbitration   Conciliation Act, 1996 or any statutory amendments/
modifications thereof for the time being in force. The venue of arbitration shall be New Delhi. The language of the proceedings shall be in English. The arbitration panel shall consist of three arbitrators, one to be appointed by the Lessor, one to
be appointed by the Lessee and the third arbitrator (who shall be the presiding officer) to be appointed by the two arbitrators so appointed.  

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under
or arising out of this Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of India.      

41. 
   Notices/other communications        All notices required or permitted hereunder shall
be in writing and in English language and shall be delivered personally or sent by recognized courier or by facsimile transmission addressed to the address of each Party set forth below, or to such other address as such other Party shall have
communicated to the other Party. Notice shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been duly served at the time of delivery in the case of service by delivery in person or by recognized courier, and at the time of dispatch in the case
of service by telefax.      

a. 
   To the Lessor  :      To the attention of:  Mr. Suhrid RoyHead - Facilities   
 Pawan Impex Private Limited  
 D-3, District Centre, Saket  
 New Delhi   110 017  
  Email: suhrid.roy@priusgroup.com       

b. 
   To the Lessee  :      To the attention of:  Mr. Vivek Sandurea, Facilities  
Administration Manager     Monotype Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.  
 4 th  floor at GYS Univeral Tower   B, Plot no. A-3, 4   5,  
 Sector   125, Noida  
 Email:  msipl.admin@monotype.com ,  vivek.sandurea@monotype.com   
   
   In the event the Leased Premises or any part thereof be destroyed
or damaged by fire, earthquake, tempest, flood, lighting, violence of any army or mob or enemies of the country or by any other  force majeure  conditions or statutory legislations and regulations so as to render the Leased Premises unfit for
the purpose for which the same was let, or if the Lessee is prevented from using the same for a period more than thirty days due to any of these reasons then the Lessee shall have the right to terminate the lease and vacate the Leased Premises
immediately, even during the lock-in period. The Lessee shall be liable to pay to the Lessor, the Lease Rentals as payable under these presents till the vacation of the Leased Premises. It is further agreed between the Lessor and the Lessee that no
deductions shall be made by the Lessor on account of damages pursuant to a Force Majeure event.  

43. 
   Governmental / Statutory Procedural Requirements        All governmental/ statutory
procedural requirements with respect to the obligations of the Parties under or arising out of this Agreement shall be complied with by the respective Party, as applicable from time to time.  

46.1 
 No provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or joint venture between the Parties.        

46.2 
 No provision of this Agreement shall constitute either Party as the legal representative or agent of the other, nor shall either Party have the right or authority to assume, create or incur any liability or any
obligation of any kind, express or implied, against, or in the name of, or on behalf of the other Party.        

46.3 
 No person employed by either Party for the performance of its obligations under this Agreement shall be deemed to be an employee of the other Party. Each Party shall be responsible for the payment of all salaries,
employment benefits, etc. with respect to all persons who are engaged by it for the performance of any obligations under this Agreement and such person shall not be entitled to any salary benefit or any other claim whatsoever from or against the
other Party. Each Party shall indemnify the other against any such claims made by any such person to or against the other Party.        
   The provisions of Clause [12], Clause [28], Clause [39] and Clause [40]
shall survive the termination or expiry of this Agreement.      
   Save as expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement, each of the
Parties hereto shall bear its own legal, accountancy and other costs, charges and expenses connected with the negotiation, preparation and implementation of this Agreement and any other agreement incidental to or referred to in this Agreement.  

47. 
  Definitions and Interpretation:         
   In this Agreement, unless there is anything repugnant to the subject or
context thereof, the expressions listed below shall have the following meanings viz.:      

a) 
   Additional Car Parking Charges   shall have the meaning assigned to it in Clause [5] of this Agreement;        

b) 
   Agreement   shall mean this lease agreement executed between the Lessor and the Lessee and shall include all the annexures thereto and any amendment/modifications made to this Agreement in accordance
with the terms hereto.        

c) 
   Demised Premises   or   Leased Premises   shall mean fitted out space and measuring 41,112 (Forty One Thousand One Hundred and Twelve Only) sq. ft. of    

super area on the 2 nd , 3 rd , and 4 th 
floor at GYS Universal Tower   B, Plot no. A-3, 4   5, Sector   125, Noida (as shown and marked in the floor plan annexed as Schedule 4 herewith);        

d) 
   IFRSD   shall mean the interest free refundable security deposit, as provided in Clause [15] of this Agreement;        

e) 
   INR   means Indian national rupees        

f) 
   Lease Commencement Date   means a date that is Nov 15, 2016 or the actual handover of the Demised Premises to Lessee after the registration of this Agreement with the Sub-Registrar of Assurances, Uttar
Pradesh and the completion of each of the following: (i) the Lessor has obtained rent permission from the NOIDA Authorities; (ii) Handover of 2 nd  and
3 rd  floor fitted out space by Nov 15, 2016 and (ii) receipt of a no objection certificate from the Lenders within 90 days after the signing of the lease deed, in the format as approved by the
Lessee;        

g) 
   Lease Rentals   shall mean an amount of INR 60 (INR sixty only) per sq. ft. per month excluding applicable service tax on a super area of 41,112 (Forty One Thousand One Hundred and Twelve Only) sq. ft.,
payable by the Lessee to the Lessor from the Rent Commencement Date;        

h) 
   Lenders  Charge   means the lien, charge, mortgage and/or any other encumbrance created by the Lessor in favour of IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited, being the security trustee of Axis Bank Limited
and includes all rights, interest of Axis Bank Limited and/or IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited, being the security trustee of Axis Bank Limited over the Demised Premises, for any monies / dues including all interest, charges, fees, costs, premium,
payable by the Lessor to Axis Bank Limited and/or IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited, being the security trustee of Axis Bank Limited, whether in its capacity as a borrower or a mortgagor or a security provider or otherwise.    

i) 
   Lenders   means Axis Bank Limited, which has a charge on the Demised Premises through IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited.    

j) 
   Lock-In Period   shall have the meaning assigned to it in Clause [11] of this Agreement;        

k) 
   NOIDA Authority(ies)   means the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority;        

l) 
   Operational Hours   means 8 AM to 8 PM operations from Monday to Friday and 8 AM to 2 PM operations on Saturday;        

n) 
   Security Trustee   means IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited, being the security trustee of Axis Bank Limited, in whose favour Lenders  Charge is created;    

o) 
   TDS   shall mean the tax deducted at source at the applicable rates under the Income Tax Act, 1961 or any other tax of similar nature under any statute as applicable from time to time;

q) 
   Term   shall mean a period of 36 (thirty six) months from Lease Commencement Date. The term of lease shall expire on November 14, 2019.    
 In case of renewal of lease, a new and fresh agreement will be registered. The rent for the premises will be mutually decided at the time of
such renewal and the right to accept or reject the proposal of lessee for renewal of lease will be with Lessor only.      
   In the interpretation of this Agreement including the recitals
and annexures, unless the context or subject matter otherwise requires:      

a) 
 the singular includes the plural and vice versa and in particular (but without limiting the generality of the foregoing) any word or expression defined in the singular shall have a corresponding meaning if used in the
plural and vice versa;        

b) 
 a reference to any gender includes the other gender;        

c) 
 a reference to any agreement, deed or other instrument (including, without limitation, references to this Agreement) includes the same as varied, amended, supplemented, restated, novated, renewed, extended or replaced
from time to time;        

d) 
 a reference to any statutory provision or to any provision of any legislation includes any modification, amendment or re-enactment of any legislative provision substituted for any or all statutory instruments or
notification issued under such legislation or such provisions;        

e) 
 where a word or phrase has a defined meaning, any other part of speech or grammatical form in respect of the word or phrase has a corresponding meaning;    

f) 
 a reference to a clause or annexure is a reference to the relevant clause of or annexure to this Agreement;        

g) 
 in this Agreement, headings are for the convenience of reference only and shall not affect interpretation; and        

h) 
 the schedule(s) hereto shall constitute an integral part of this Agreement.    

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  the Parties hereto have executed and delivered these presents on the day, month and
year first herein above written:      

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 d267781dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Scott E. Landers,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
   (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      (a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and    (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    Date: October 31, 2016   

/ S / S COTT  E. L ANDERS   
 
  Scott E. Landers   
 
   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 d267781dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Scott E. Landers, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated: October 31, 2016  

/ S / S COTT  E. L ANDERS   
 
  Scott E. Landers   
 
   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 type-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 type-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 type-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 type-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 type-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 type-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

