<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161129_10-K_edgar_data_1099369_0001062993-16-012523_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4238204</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162477</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>293850</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>571930</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2192571</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>920998</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>60</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012523.hdr.sgml : 20161129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161129160149
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012523
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DESTINY MEDIA TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001099369
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				841516745
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28259
		FILM NUMBER:		162022781

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1110 - 885 W GEORGIA ST
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3E8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-609-7736

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1110 - 885 W GEORGIA ST
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3E8

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012523.txt : 20161129

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Destiny Media Technologies, Inc. - Form 10-K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549 
   FORM 10-K    
 (Mark One)  
 [X]  Annual Report Pursuant To Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act Of 1934   
 For the fiscal year ended   August 31, 2016   
 [   ]  Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act Of 1934   
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER   0-28259    
    DESTINY MEDIA TECHNOLOGIES INC.
    (Name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange
      Act:  
       NOT APPLICABLE     

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange
      Act:  
       COMMON STOCK, $0.001 PAR VALUE PER

SHARE      
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  [ 
 ] Yes        [ X ] No  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
 [   ] Yes        [ X ] No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  [ X ]
Yes        [   ] No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 [ X ] Yes        [   ] No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
 [   ] Yes        [ X ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated
filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  [   ]  
        
     Accelerated
      filer                
      [   ]   
   
     Non-accelerated filer   [   ]  
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting  
     Smaller reporting company [X]   

company)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  [   ]
Yes        [ X ] No  
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was $10,616,336.  
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common
stock, par value $0.001, as of November 28, 2016 was 55,013,874.  
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   
 None  
 2 

DESTINY MEDIA TECHNOLOGIES INC.    FORM 10-K 
  
  INDEX  

PAGE   

PART
      I    

Item
      1.   
      Business.
        
      5

Item
      1A.   
      Risk
      Factors.   
      11

Item
      1B.   
      Unresolved
      Staff Comments.   
      13  

Item
      2.   
      Properties.
        
      13  

Item
      3.   
      Legal
      Proceedings.   
      13  

Item
      4.   
      Mine
      Safety Disclosures.   
      13  

PART
      II    

Item
      5.   
      Market
      for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
      Purchases of Equity Securities   
      14  

Item
      6.   
      Selected
      Financial Data   
      15

Item
      7.   
      Management's
      Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
        
      15  

Item
      7A.   
      Quantitative
      and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      22  

Item
      8.   
      Financial
      Statements and Supplementary Data.   
      22  

Item
      9.   
      Changes
      In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
      Disclosure.   
      50

Item
      9A.   
      Controls
      and Procedures  
      50

Item
      9B.   
      Other
      Information  
      50

PART
      III    

Item
      10.   
      Directors,
      Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   
      51  

Item
      11.   
      Executive
      Compensation.   
      53  

Item
      12.   
      Security
      Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
      Stockholder Matters.   
      56

Item
      13.   
      Certain
      Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.   
      58

Item
      14.   
      Principal
      Accounting Fees and Services   
      58

PART
      IV    

Item
      15.   
      Exhibits,
      Financial Statement Schedules   
      59  

Signatures

61  
    
 3 

PART I   
  FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 The information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). These
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including statements
regarding Destiny Media's capital needs, business strategy and expectations. Any
statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be
deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may", "will", "should",
"expect", "plan", "intend", "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "predict",
"potential" or "continue", the negative of such terms or other comparable
terminology. Actual events or results may differ materially. In evaluating these
statements, you should consider various factors, including the risks outlined
below under  Item 1A. Risk Factors , and, from time to time, in other reports
Destiny Media files with the SEC. These factors may cause Destiny Media's actual
results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. Destiny Media
disclaims any obligation to publicly update these statements, or disclose any
difference between its actual results and those reflected in these statements.
Such information constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  
  CURRENCY  
 All dollar amounts in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
presented in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.  
 4 

ITEM
1.          BUSINESS.   
  OVERVIEW AND CORPORATE BACKGROUND   
 Destiny Media Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in August
1998 under the laws of the State of Colorado and the corporate jurisdiction was
changed to Nevada effective October 8, 2014. We carry out our business
operations through our wholly owned subsidiary, Destiny Software Productions
Inc., a British Columbia company that was incorporated in 1992, MPE
Distribution, Inc. a Nevada company that was incorporated in 2007 and Sonox
Digital Inc. incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act in 2012.
The  Company ,  Destiny Media ,  Destiny ,  we  or  us  refers to the
consolidated activities of all four companies.  
 Our principal executive office is located at Suite 1110, 885
West Georgia Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 3E8. Our telephone number
is (604) 609-7736 and our facsimile number is (604) 609-0611.  
 Our common stock trades on TSX Venture Exchange in Canada under
the symbol  DSY , on the OTCQB U.S. ( OTCQB ) under the symbol  DSNY , and on
various German exchanges (Frankfurt, Berlin, Stuttgart and Xetra) under the
symbol DME, WKN 935 410.  
 Our corporate website is located at  http://www.dsny.com.   
  OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES   
 Destiny develops and markets services that enable the secure
distribution of digital media content over the Internet. Destiny services are
based around proprietary security, watermarking and instant play streaming media
technologies.  
 1.          
 The Clipstream  Online Video Platform (OVP) is a self-service, high
capacity, and high performance system, for encoding, hosting and reporting on
video playback which can be embedded in third party websites or emails. Playback
is currently through the Company s proprietary JavaScript codec engine, which is
only available on the internet through the Company. Support for other video
playback technologies and new features are being built out for the solution.
Until additional features are added, this product is marketed in a limited way
and has incidental revenues.  
 The encoding and hosting platform also includes a solution for
companies that intend to offer Clipstream  functionality within their own
services. This offering is a  connector  that enables the integration of the
encoding and rendering engine and the hosting back end into other solutions. An
 Application Program Interface  (API) connects the same encoding and playback
infrastructure used by the Company's cloud solution into their own software and
web based solutions. The Company can target many niches with the API. Examples
of potential applications we could target include realtors uploading video to
their local real estate site, consumers uploading video to classified and dating
sites, enabling online retailers to provide product videos to manufacturers,
ISP's offering video to their own hosting customers and many others.  
 2.          
 The Clipstream  JavaScript codec engine was updated in October 2016
replacing a proprietary compression format the Company abandoned because of
quality concerns. This new codec engine is based on the latest compression
techniques from the next-generation HEVC standard, and is a significant
improvement. It offers double the quality at a 62% bandwidth reduction from the
previous proprietary codec. Similarly, it offers a large bandwidth improvement
over H.264, the compression technology commonly used by other OVP solutions. As
an example, video which would take 2.5 Mbps in H.264 (a format used by Youtube)
only takes 1.8Mbps. This can lead to reduced costs, and less re-buffering for
end users.  
 The unique software based approach to rendering video, is
protected by over two dozen patents claiming initial priority to 2011 has a
number of advantages over the more traditional approach of using plug-ins (for
example, Flash), browser supported formats (for example, H.264) or installed
chips. With the JavaScript codec approach, the Company can offer new features
such as enhanced security, interactivity, and future proofing of their content.
A new feature can be created and applied cross platform for all HTML5 compliant
devices without a rollout period. This feature is currently only available as a
component of the Clipstream  OVP solution but the Company will seek licensing
opportunities in the future.  
 3.          
 The Play MPE  digital distribution service is used commercially by the
recording industry to distribute new pre-release music and music videos to
trusted recipients such as radio and press before that content is generally
available for sale to the public.  
 5 

Play MPE  is a digital delivery service for securely moving
broadcast quality audio, video, images, promotional information and other
digital content securely through the internet. The system is currently used by
the recording industry for transferring pre-release broadcast quality music,
radio shows, and music videos to trusted recipients such as radio stations,
media reviewers, VIP s, DJ s, film and TV personnel, sports stadiums and
retailers. The system replaces the physical distribution (mail, courier or hand
delivery) of CD s. The financial model is transaction based, where the price per
delivery varies with the number of songs and videos delivered.  
 Record labels around the world, including all three major
labels (Universal Music Group, Warner Music Group and Sony Music Entertainment),
are regularly using Play MPE  to deliver their content to radio.  
 Each distribution is initiated by our customers, who  encode 
the content and enter the appropriate data. Our software has a tiered
permissions based access allowing our clients to assign varying rights,
capabilities and responsibilities to different members of their staff. For
example, some customer staff may manage assets (album cover imagery, music
videos, the raw music, promotional information and other metadata), while others
manage hierarchical permission based lists of recipients. Larger labels are
normally structured into label groups, each with their own labels with varying
access (permissions) to various subsets of the master recipient lists.  
 The release dates for music can be dependent on the territory
and, where administrative settings permit, local promotions staff may generate a
localized distribution of the song with modified marketing information in the
local language. Local staff may select pre-existing assets from the system and
combine them together with a local recipient lists to form a  send . Our
customers also choose the level of access for the recipients assigned to the
release by designating whether the release can be streamed, downloaded, exported
into an unlocked digital format or burned to a CD.  
 While many clients are set up to manage and upload recipient
lists, most rely on the proprietary Play MPE  network, which is quickly becoming
a valuable asset to the industry. Our staff manages lists of recipients in
various formats and those lists are made available to our customers using the
Play MPE  system. The Play MPE  system provides Play MPE  staff with the
feedback and resources necessary to manage and maintain this network of
recipients which is not available with physical distribution or by smaller
competitors. Customers select lists of recipients within the proprietary network
based on music format and geography. In 2016 these lists were expanded to new
territories, including Sweden and Denmark, and to include a list of music
supervisors and influencers responsible for music selection for TV and Movie
production was added. Expanding these lists allows customers to reach more
recipients with each release increase the value of the Play MPE  system.  
 Staff who  encode  each release have control over the access
rights, whether the system should automatically generate a template driven
marketing email alert, whether the song should be locked to the recipient
computer and which partner sites should have access to the content.  
 On the impact date, the  send  appears in the  available
tracks  section of a recipient s account. Recipients can access these tracks
through proprietary iPhone, Mac and Windows based players, through a Direct to
Web browser interface supporting playerless streaming and download, or through
partner sites, including integration into reporting systems, radio automation
systems, or through custom direct integration. Destiny's proprietary
applications offer popular features, such as the ability to drag and drop to
build and burn playlists to CD's for music meetings, the ability to convert and
export into a wide variety of formats and to export metadata automatically into
third party applications and solutions. In 2016 we made it even easier for
decision makers in radio, press, TV, and film to use the Play MPE  service with
a new secure streaming audio preview feature. The enhancement allows Play MPE 
recipients to quickly hear a short preview of a song directly from the
notification email without having to login.  
 Destiny's servers also generate a marketing website ( http://daily.plaympe.com ) which promotes new music. The
system automatically generates charts of the most popular music on the system.
These charts can be syndicated to third parties.  
 All exported songs are marked in real time with Destiny s
watermark technology, which has received three US patents and a number of
analogous patents globally. Songs that appear on the internet are scanned by the
International Federation of the Phonographic Industry s ( IFPI ) for our
watermark. Headquartered in London, UK, the IFPI is the organization that
represents the interests of the recording industry worldwide and one of its
missions is to safeguard the rights of record producers. IFPI web crawlers visit
torrents, peer to peer networks and websites searching for unauthorized content.
When problem files are identified, the IFPI software looks for Destiny s
watermark in the content to identify the originating source. If a mark is found,
Destiny's server and the originating label are automatically contacted so that
recipient can be disabled from the system and appropriate action can be taken
against the individual to hold that recipient accountable for the unauthorized
distribution.  
 6 

After the content is released, all activity by the recipient is
logged in real time, providing record labels and promotions staff real time
detail on which songs are accessed, streamed, downloaded and exported. This
contrast with physical distribution where record labels may be unsure whether
the courier package went to the correct individual or whether it was ever
opened. This information provides invaluable feedback in real time to marketing
and promotions staff who can cater their programs appropriately. Recipients
receive a custom library of available tracks and are able to repeat the download
if music is lost.  
 Real time usage statistics for Play MPE  are available at:
http://www.dsny.com/play-mpe-stats  
 Starting in July 2016 the first stage of a completely browser
based encoder was launched. When all stages are complete, this system will be
accessible on any computer without installation and will completely replace many
of the current Windows based desktop tools. It is expected that this new
solution will increase usage of Play MPE  by providing an easier to use, more
intuitive experience, providing access to both Mac and PC users, providing new
release creation workflows, and more configuration options. It also allows for
easy translation to accelerate international expansion.  
 In 2016 all Play MPE  services were migrated to a cloud
computing platform. Previously, the system was hosted at five server facilities
(three in North America, one in Europe and one in Australia). This process
required Destiny staff to manage multiple physical servers and operating systems
at each location and to deal with remote hardware equipment maintenance. A large
investment in infrastructure was required on an ongoing basis as storage arrays
and servers were regularly replaced. Scalability was limited by physical real
estate at the co-location facilities and access to electricity and cooling. The
new approach increased Destiny's global server footprint by 1,500% with the
ability to scale further in response to market demand. Audio encoding capacity
increased 600%, and global streaming capacity increased 265%, allowing
individual watermarks to be embedded faster. Server capacity is virtually
unlimited and can respond to market demands. Migrating to a cloud platform
provides the ability to scale automatically in response to market demand and
expanded the logging and failover recovery services that ensure the system
remains available. Other system features added since the migration to a cloud
platform have enabled more rapid and proactive support of customer issues and
leverage the latest cloud computing technologies to reduce the time required for
the development and testing of new services.  
 We continue to invest in new development which should lead to
higher usage.  
  BUSINESS   DEVELOPMENT  
  Play MPE    
 During the year ended August 31, 2016, we generated revenues of
$3,337,813, of which 98% was derived from Play MPE .  
 In November 2015, a new Play MPE logo and website were
launched. The updated website focused on clearly communicating with customers. 
 Also in November 2015, a reselling partner was added in
Scandinavia covering Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Iceland. Responsible for
working with both existing and new clients within the industry they provide
vital sales and service in the same language and time zone.  
 In July 2016, we announced the availability of a release
creation tool for Play MPE . This tool significantly reduces the time required
for creating a release, making it easier for full-service Play MPE  customers to
load their assets into the system and define the promotional content of their
release. The new service also adds more detailed access to release history for
full-service labels and promoters using the Play MPE  system.  
 Play MPE  staff regularly attend various industry conferences
including:  
 
 7 

Clipstream    
 In October 2015, we announced the roll out of a fall release of
the Clipstream including new features and back-end improvements for the cloud
product, the introduction of technology for the advertising industry, and a new
player API allowing third parties to build Clipstream  into their own offerings.
An encoding API to further advance third party integration is in development.
Since the previous release, a major focus on improving proprietary server
management logic resulted in a 300% reduction in encoding operating costs while
increasing customer satisfaction through responsiveness. 
 In October 2016, we announced that the latest generation of the
compression engine powering the Clipstream  platform. The new compression
engine, based on the HEVC standard, reduced bandwidth usage for the Clipstream 
platform by over 62% and increased the highest resolution delivered by 78%. The
video industry began work on HEVC, also known as H.265, as early as 2004 to
replace H.264 and deliver higher quality video at lower bandwidth; however, the
standard struggles to gain traction in the industry due to slow adoption by web
browsers. Clipstream s proprietary JavaScript playback overcomes this limitation
and delivers the latest compression technologies to any browser without
requiring special plug-ins or changes from browser developers.  
 Other improvements announced in October a new project
organization that enables quick sorting of hosted videos into different projects
to streamline organization and management for customers with thousands of
videos. Also included in project organization was a new feature to apply the
same settings across all videos within a project and by default, greatly
increasing video workflow efficiency to get videos live to viewers as quickly
and securely as possible. In addition to the new compression engine and project
organization we also announced Clipstream  HD Audio support to provide audio
with twice the sample rate of competing options and allow the playback of videos
with higher than CD quality audio, a first in the online video platform
industry.  
  Significant Customers   
 During the year ended August 31, 2016, we generated 42% of
total revenue from one customer (2015 - one customer represented 45%).  
  OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS  
 We lease approximately 9,106 square feet of office space, with
the lease expiring in June of 2017, and we currently have 23 total employees,
including 22 full time employees and 1 part time employee. Our employees include
our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, two finance
personnel, ten sales and technical support personnel, and eight software
developers. We also employ contractors as needed.  
 In fiscal 2014, the Company began running many Clipstream 
services on cloud systems owned by Google and Amazon. Because these services run
on the latest hardware, are able to use non-standard networking and storage
hardware for speed within the facility and because they are managed by dedicated
experts in the hosting field, it was found that the Company could enjoy better
performance, security, reliability and lower costs.  
 In 2015, the Company secured the expertise of an Amazon Web
Services (AWS) consulting partner and entered into a series of significant
phased contracts to plan new architecture to move Company server services to AWS
while maintaining the highest level of security, automation, performance, data
warehousing and compliance. Because of the nearly unlimited number of processing
and storage servers around the world, it became possible for the Company to
re-engineer critical proprietary server processes to become highly parallel and
much faster and more reliable, while significantly reducing hardware costs.  
 As of the end of fiscal 2015, all Clipstream  services were
moved to AWS. In early 2016, the Company migrated all MPE  services to AWS and
is currently completing the closure of most remaining co-located facilities. 
 This new outsourcing to AWS allows both Clipstream  and MPE  to
scale rapidly as customer demand requires it, but then to automatically scale
back in real time as demand reduces, matching costs closely to actual
transactional usage and revenues 
  Research and Development   
 Total research and development expenditures for the year ended
August 31, 2016 were $1,292,996 (2015: $1,376,386).  
 8 

COMPETITION   
  Play MPE    
 Play MPE  has regional competitors with limited global presence
and limited functionality while Play MPE  has major label use globally. A
network effect entrenches the system, as it is difficult for any single user to
switch to an alternative without the entire industry switching. The system was
built to facilitate sharing of assets and content with regional subsidiaries and
affiliates of our major label customers. This allows local representatives to
localize the release resulting in costs savings and efficiencies not available
in competing solutions. The player software is available in 27 languages.  
 Play MPE  has several advantages over physical distribution
(mail, courier or hand delivery) of manufactured CD s. Digital distribution
through Play MPE  is faster, less expensive, more reliable, more secure,
provides additional real time and more accurate reporting of usage, provides a
great deal of added functionality and provides the error free and automatic
transmission of  metadata . Metadata includes International Standard Recording
Codes (ISRC)   which is a standard code for uniquely identifying sound
recordings and music video recordings - song and artist names, beats per minute,
release and impact dates, etc. The automatic transmission of this metadata
reduces the time required for manual data entry into radio automation software
on the receiving side and eliminates inaccuracies in royalty reporting. This
benefits labels who want to be in third party databases as the transmission of
this data is immediate and reliable.  
 The Play MPE  system provides our clients with a sophisticated
content management tool that includes privilege control, release sharing amongst
global territories (saving our clients time and money when conducting global
distributions), enhanced email notification and promotions tools, social media
announcements, recipient player apps (iPhone, iPad, Android, Android Tablet and
Blackberry), with a fully redundant high speed infrastructure that is more
sophisticated and has higher functionality than quickly developed lower cost
alternatives. The Company expects that competition will be strongest where audio
quality, security, recipient network, and reporting are not as important as
cost.  
  Clipstream   
 The online video platform market is relatively crowded with at
least three dozen large competitors in North America alone. It is a growing
market with strong margins, recurring revenues and  sticky  customers.
Competitors include Youtube, Vimeo, Kaltura, Brightcove, Ooyala, and many
others.  
 To address this market, we are using our expertise in security
and high volume hosting, where reliability is important, to build out
world-class back end infrastructure. This infrastructure is implemented has a
software layer on top of Amazon's AWS server network, creating a partially
proprietary distribution network based on their hardware.  
 In addition to the back-end infrastructure, we are building out
features to better fit additional customer workflows and adding support for
standards based codec solutions in addition to our proprietary JavaScript codec
solution. Our strategic goal is to be a best of breed provider in the OVP
industry across a variety of verticals.  
 Additional differentiation from competition will come from our
JavaScript codec engine based on the HEVC standard. As a software solution, we
are able to offer new video compression techniques, such as parts of the next
generation HEVC standard, that cannot be supported elsewhere. Beyond compression
techniques, other online video distribution features like increased security,
more flexible playback, future proofing   ensuring videos can play back without
re-encoding in the future - and custom requests from customers can be more
easily implemented. Customer driven custom features can be developed and rolled
out instantly cross platform as the software requires only standard HTML support
from the browser. For example, we have built in support for a 96 KHz audio
sampling rate which is much higher fidelity than CD's 44.1 KHz, this allows us
to offer a unique competitive differentiation to music industry customers.  
 The newest generation of the JavaScript codec was launched on
October 4, 2016 and is commercially available as part of the OVP, but is not
being marketed yet as memory, CPU and timing issues on resource limited devices
are being addressed.  
  GOVERNMENT REGULATION  
 We are not currently subject to direct regulation by any
governmental agency other than laws and regulations generally applicable to
businesses. It is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted
in both the United States and Canada with particular applicability to the
Internet. Governments have and may continue to enact legislation applicable to
us in areas such as content distribution, performance and copying, other
copyright issues, network security, encryption, the use of key escrow data,
privacy protection, caching of content by server products, electronic
authentication or  digital  signatures, illegal or obscene content, access
charges and retransmission activities. The applicability to the Internet of
existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, content, taxation,
defamation and personal privacy is also uncertain. Export or import
restrictions, new legislation or regulation or governmental enforcement of
existing regulations may limit the growth of the Internet, increase our costs of
doing business or increase its legal exposure.  
 9 

The Company owns proprietary algorithms, source code, web
domain addresses, patents, trademarks and other intellectual property.  
  Patents   
  1.   Digital Locking "Digital Media Distribution Method and System" (US Patent
No. 7466823)   
 This patent provides a method of
locking digital content which prevents play back on unauthorized machines and
devices. Claims include separating security from the content, so that content
files can be shared securely over peer to peer networks. This is one of the
earliest patents for securing peer to peer distributed content.  
 One of the more important claims in
this patent is the ability to uniquely recognize a particular computer. Uniquely
identifying a person s computer is a common issue which is usually approached by
saving cookies or beacons to the user s computer or by tracking IP addresses.
These are not reliable solutions as cookies are easily deleted and IP addresses
easily changed. Destiny s propriety hash code process creates a serial number
that can be used to recognize the user on subsequent visits without ever saving
anything to that user s computer.  
  2.   Watermarking "Methods for Watermarking Media Data"   
 
 We have a developed a watermarking technology which can
uniquely identify the individual who originally accessed a particular song. Our
watermark is unique as it can be embedded and identified rapidly, it is
inaudible, it survives on air broadcast, compression and conversion to other
formats and is virtually impossible to remove. Our watermarking technology is
used in the Play MPE  distribution system when songs are exported or when
streaming a track. Other watermarking technologies are slow and provide a
trade-off between a destruction of audio quality and the ease that they can be
filtered out. When the original patent claims were granted in the US, the
Company filed a set of new additional, broader claims in a continuation
application in Canada and the US to further protect the technology.  
 
 10 

This solution enables publishers to serve streaming video from
their web site without the need for a separate streaming server. The solution
will play instantly in all recent browsers, including mobile devices, without
the need for a separate video player.  
  Registered Trademarks   
 Clipstream   Granted: USA, Canada, Japan, Israel, European
Community, China and Australia  
 Play MPE   Granted: USA, Canada, Japan, European Community,
China and Australia  
 MPE   Granted: USA, Canada, Japan, European Community
 Pending: Australia  
 Sonox Digital   Granted: Japan, China, European Community,
Canada  Published: USA 
  Domain Names   
 We own a large number of domain names, including many valuable
four letter domain names (dice.net, dsny.com) and URL s featuring common words
(radio-play.com, streamingaudio.com, pirateradio.com and many others.) 
  ITEM 1A.     RISK FACTORS.  
 We face risks in executing our business plan and achieving
revenues. The following risks are material risks that we face. We also face the
risks identified elsewhere in this Annual Report, including those risks
identified under  Item 1. Business , including Competition and Government
Regulation, and  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations . If any of these risks occur, our business
and our operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. 
  If revenues decline, then our financial condition and
results of operations will be adversely affected.   
 98% of our revenue is generated from our Play MPE  distribution
service. Competitors may arise and/or customers may not renew distribution
contracts. This factor could cause our revenue to decrease with the result that
our financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected.
Competitors have been small, regionally based, have limited resources, and have
yet to capture a material share of the market. If a competitor were to develop a
comparable or superior product, our market share could be reduced.  
  If we are not able to control our operating expenses, then
our financial condition may be adversely affected.   
 Operating expenses were $3,547,196 for the year ended August
31, 2016 and $4,120,550 for the year ended August 31, 2015 while our revenue was
$3,337,813 for the year ended August 31, 2016 and $3,323,537 for the year ended
August 31, 2015. Our ability to achieve profitability is conditional upon our
ability to control our operating expenses. There is a risk that we will have to
increase our operating expenses in the future. Factors that could cause our
operating expenses to increase include our determination to spend more on sales
and marketing in order to increase product sales or our determination that more
research and development expenditures are required in order to keep our current
software products competitive or in order to develop new products for the
market. To the extent that our operating expenses increase without a
corresponding increase in revenue, our financial condition would be adversely
impacted. 
  If we are not successful in legal proceedings against us,
then our business and financial condition could be adversely affected.   
 We are currently party to a claim against the Company, as
described in  Item 3. Legal Proceedings . If we are not successful in this legal
proceeding and are forced to make payments of damages to the plaintiffs, then
our business and our financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 11 

Our success is dependent, to a large degree, upon the
efforts of Mr. Steve Vestergaard, our current executive officer.   
 Mr. Vestergaard was the founder of Destiny Software and has
been involved in our business operations since our inception. The loss or
unavailability of Mr. Vestergaard could have an adverse effect on our business
operations and financial condition. We do not maintain key man life insurance
policies for Mr. Vestergaard or for any of our other employees. In addition, our
continued success is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified
personnel in all areas of our business, especially management positions. In the
event that we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business
would be adversely affected.  
  Our financial results may be adversely impacted by currency
fluctuations.   
 Our revenues are primarily in United States dollars and Euros
while our operating expenses are primarily in Canadian dollars. An increase in
the value of the Canadian dollar in relation to the United States dollar and/or
Euro could have the effect of increasing our loss from operations. We do not
currently hedge our foreign currency exposures.  
  If our products are defective or contain errors, we may
become subject to product liability claims.   
 As a result of their complexity, our software products may
contain undetected errors or failures when first introduced or as new versions
are released. There can be no assurance that, despite testing we undertake and
testing and use by current and potential customers, errors will not be found in
new products after commencement of commercial shipments. The occurrence of such
errors could result in loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Our products also may be vulnerable to break-ins and
similar disruptive problems caused by Internet or other users.  
 Such computer break-ins and other disruptions would jeopardize
the security of information stored in and transmitted through the computer
systems of our customers, which may result in significant liability to us and
deter potential customers. The sale and support of our products may entail the
risk of liability claims. A product liability claim brought against us could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 
  Our ability to manage growth.   
 Should we be successful in the sales and marketing efforts of
our software products, we will experience significant growth in operations. If
this occurs, management anticipates that additional expansion will be required
in order to continue our product development. Any expansion of our business
would place further demands on our management, operational capacity and
financial resources. We anticipate that we may need to recruit qualified
personnel in all areas of its operations, including management, sales,
marketing, delivery, and software development. There can be no assurance that we
will be effective in attracting and retaining additional qualified personnel,
expanding its operational capacity or otherwise managing growth. In addition,
there can be no assurance that our current systems, procedures or controls will
be adequate to support any expansion of our operations. The failure to manage
growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 
  Risk of system failure and/or security risks.   
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our network
infrastructure could be vulnerable to unforeseen computer problems. Although we
believe we have taken steps to mitigate much of the risk, we may in the future
experience interruptions in service as a result of the accidental or intentional
actions of Internet users, current and former employees or others. Unknown
security risks may result in liability to us and also may deter new customers
from purchasing our software and services, and individuals from utilizing it.
Although we intend to continue to implement and establish security measures,
there can be no assurance that measures implemented by us will not be
circumvented in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
  Lack of established market for products and services;
dependence on internet and intranets as mediums of commerce and
communications.   
 The market for our streaming media products and services is new
and evolving rapidly. It depends on increased use of the Internet and intranets.
If the Internet and intranets are not adopted as methods for commerce and
communications, or if the adoption rate slows, the market for our products and
services may not grow, or may develop more slowly than expected.  
 12 

The electronic commerce market is relatively new and evolving.
Sales of our products depend in large part on the development of the Internet as
a viable commercial marketplace. There are now substantially more users and much
more  traffic  over the Internet than ever before, use of the Internet is
growing faster than anticipated, and the technological infrastructure of the
Internet may be unable to support the demands placed on it by continued growth.
Delays in development or adoption of new technological standards and protocols,
or increased government regulation, could also affect Internet use. In addition,
issues related to use of the Internet and intranets, such as security,
reliability, cost, ease of use and quality of service, remain unresolved and may
affect the amount of business that is conducted over the Internet and
intranets.  
  Product delays and errors.   
 We have experienced development delays and cost overruns
associated with its product development. We may encounter such problems in the
future. Delays and cost overruns could affect our ability to respond to
technological changes, evolving industry standards, competitive developments or
customer requirements. Our products also may contain undetected errors that
could cause adverse publicity, reduced market acceptance of the products, or
lawsuits by customers. 
  Online commerce security risks.   
 Online commerce and communications depend on the ability to
transmit confidential information securely over public networks. Any compromise
of our ability to transmit confidential information securely, and costs
associated with the prevention or elimination of such problems, could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 
  International operations.   
 We market and sell our products in the United States, Canada,
Europe, Asia, South America, Africa and Australia. As such, we are subject to
the normal risks of doing business abroad. Risks include unexpected changes in
regulatory requirements, export and import restrictions, tariffs and trade
barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, longer
payment cycles, problems in collecting accounts receivable, potential adverse
tax consequences, exchange rate fluctuations, increased risks of piracy, limits
on the our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights, discontinuity of
our infrastructures, limitations on fund transfers and other legal and political
risks. Such limitations and interruptions could have a material adverse effect
on our business.  
  ITEM 1B.       UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS.  
 None  
  ITEM
2.          PROPERTIES.  
 Our head office is located in leased premises at Suite 1110,
885 Georgia Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V6C 3E8. Our principal
business operations are carried out from our head office. Our leased premises
consist of approximately 9,106 square feet. We pay rent of approximately $29,367
Canadian (equal to approximately $22,154 US) per month. The lease expires June
29, 2017. We consider our leased premises adequate for our current business
purposes.  
  ITEM
3.          LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.  
 On November 8, 2011, the Company was served with a Notice of
Civil Claim in the Supreme Court of British Columbia from Noramco Capital
Corporation for $100,000. The claim asserts that the Company has repudiated a
subscription agreement entered into in August 2000. Management believes the
claim is without merit and that the likelihood that the outcome of this matter
will have a material adverse impact on its result of operations, cash flows and
financial condition of the Company is remote. The Company has filed a
counterclaim against Noramco and R. A. Bruce McDonald, for damages arising from
a proposed private placement in 2000 that did not close.  
  ITEM
4.          MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES.   
 Not Applicable 
 13 

PART II   

ITEM 5.    
     
        MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED 
       STOCKHOLDER   MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
      SECURITIES.      
  Market Information   
 Our shares are currently trading on the OTCQB under the stock
symbol DSNY. The first day on which the Company s shares were traded under the
stock symbol DSNY on the OTC Bulletin Board was June 26, 2000. On August 18,
2011, Destiny Media began trading on OTCQX. The high and the low trading prices
for our shares for each quarter of the last two fiscal years were:  

The trades reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions.  
 Our shares have traded on the TSX Venture Exchange under the
symbol  DSY  since October 12, 2010.  
  Holders of Common Stock   
 As of November 28, 2016 our shareholders  list for our common
stock showed 60 registered shareholders and 55,013,874 shares of our common
stock outstanding.  
  Dividends   
 We have neither declared nor paid any cash dividends on our
capital stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Our current policy is to retain any earnings in order to finance the
expansion of our operations. Our Board of Directors will determine future
declaration and payment of dividends, if any, in light of the then-current
conditions they deem relevant and in accordance with applicable corporate law. 
  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities   
 None.  
  OTHER INFORMATION   
 None.  
 See  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  for a description of our
securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.  
 14 

ITEM
6.          SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA.   

The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with
the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, and  Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  of this Form 10-K.  
  ITEM
7.          MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  
 The following discussion of our results of operations and
financial condition should be read together with the consolidated financial
statements and related notes that are included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.  
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016
AND 2015   
  Revenue   
 Total revenue for the year ended August 31, 2016 increased by
0.5% over the same period in the prior year to $3,337,813 (2014   $3,323,537).
The increase was due to an increase in Clipstream  revenue while Play MPE 
revenue remained consistent with the prior year. Play MPE  experienced growth in
United States independent label revenue throughout the year, while growth in
European independent label revenue occurred in the last quarter with the
addition of recipient lists in Norway and Sweden and the addition of resellers
in northern Europe. Growth in Play MPE  revenue was offset by a decline in major
label revenue in the US and unfavorable exchange rates.  
 Approximately 50% of our Play MPE  revenue is denominated in
Euros, 42% is denominated in US Dollars and 8% is denominated in Australia
Dollars for the year ended August 31, 2016.  
 Approximately 2% of our revenues are derived from sales of our
Clipstream  software. Our management is focused on increasing sales, marketing
and support resources on our new Clipstream  generation to increase revenue. 
  Operating Expenses   
  Overview   
 As our technologies and products are developed and maintained
in-house, the majority of our expenditures are on salaries and wages and associated expenses; office space, supplies and
benefits. Our operations are primarily conducted in Canada. The majority of our
costs are incurred in Canadian dollars while the majority of our revenue is in
Euros and US dollars. Thus, operating expenses and the results of operations are
impacted, to the extent they are not hedged, by the rise and fall of the
relative values of the Canadian dollar to these currencies.  
 15 

During the year ended August 31, 2016, while exchange rates
resulted in adverse impacts to overall revenue, the strengthening of the US
dollar relative to the Canadian dollar resulted in a favorable impact on costs.
The Company maintains most of its financial reserves in Canadian dollars to
mitigate the downside risk of adverse exchange rates.  
 Overall costs dropped by 13.9% to $3,547,196 (2015  
$4,120,550) during the year ended August 31, 2016. The decline is result of
favorable exchange rates, reduced staffing costs with a reduction in executive
salaries and wages, recruiting and retrenchment costs, and a reduction in
spending on public company expenditures. These savings are partially offset by a
105% increase in marketing costs, an 83% increase in technology related costs
with our continued transition to outsourcing infrastructure costs, and an
increase in development operating costs associated with subcontracting our
infrastructure.  
 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of
salaries and related personnel costs including overhead, professional fees, and
other general office expenditures.  
 The decrease in wages and benefits is attributable to a
reduction in director and officer compensation and a reduction caused by the
devaluation of the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar. The decrease in
office and miscellaneous expenses is due to the termination of shareholder
relations consulting agreements and related expenditures. The decrease in rent
is due a reduction of one-time costs associated with the change in office lease
in the comparative period.  
 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and
related personnel costs including overhead, sales commissions, advertising and
promotional fees, and travel costs. The decrease in wages and benefits is mostly
attributable to exchange rate fluctuations, a reduction in termination costs, as
well as a small decrease in personnel during the year. The increase in
telecommunications expense is attributable to increased costs related to Amazon
Web Services incurred to build a strong IT infrastructure platform. The increase in
advertising and marketing expenses is related to an increased focus on online
advertising of Clipstream  and Play MPE  during the first half of the year, to
gain increased online exposure internationally.  
 16 

Research and development costs consist primarily of salaries
and related personnel costs including overhead and consulting fees with respect
to product development and deployment. The decrease in wages and benefits is
attributable to exchange rate fluctuations, a reduction in termination costs, as
well as a small decrease in personnel during the year. The increase in
telecommunications expense is attributable to increased costs related to Amazon
Web Services incurred to build a stronger IT infrastructure platform. The
decrease in rent is due to decrease rent expenses in the current period as a
result of on time costs associated with the change in office lease in the
comparative period. The increase in research and development costs is
attributable to testing and consultation associated with testing the quality and
functionality of new Clipstream  applications and Play MPE .  
  Depreciation and Amortization   
 Depreciation and amortization expense arose from fixed assets
and other assets. Depreciation and amortization increased to $191,383 for the
fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 from $182,863 for the fiscal year ended August
31, 2015, an increase of $8,520 or 4.7% .  
  Other earnings and expenses   
 Interest income decreased to $21,132 for the year ended August
31, 2016 from $42,787 for the year ended August 31, 2015, a decrease of $21,655.
The interest income is derived from the amount receivable pursuant to our
previous litigation settlement. The decrease in interest income is the result of
a lower settlement receivable balance from the settlement receivable being paid
down during the year, as well as foreign currency exchange fluctuations.  
  Income Taxes   
 During the year ended August 31, 2016 the Company recorded
income tax expense of $Nil (August 31, 2015 - $842,000) to reduce our deferred
tax assets. The decrease in deferred income tax expense is associated with the
derecognition of deferred tax assets during the year ended August 31, 2015, as a
result of the Company s net losses. The Company currently pays no current income
tax as a result of realizing no taxable income.  
  Net Loss   
 During the year ended August 31, 2016, loss from operations
decreased by 74% to $209,383 (August 31, 2015 - $797,013). Net loss decreased by
88% to $188,251 (August 31, 2015 - $1,596,646). The decrease in net loss is
primarily due to decreased operating costs related to a reduction in staffing
costs, a reduction in spending on public company expenditures and a decrease in
deferred income tax expense as a result of recognizing a valuation allowance
against deferred tax assets in the comparative period.  
 17 

Adjusted EBITDA is not defined under generally accepted
accounting principles ( GAAP ) and it may not be comparable to similarly titled
measures reported by other companies. We used Adjusted EBITDA, along with other
GAAP measures, as a measure of profitability because Adjusted EBITDA helps us to
compare our performance on a consistent basis by removing from our operating
results the impact of our capital structure, the effect of operating in
different tax jurisdictions, the impact of our asset base, which can differ
depending on the book value of assets, the accounting methods used to compute
depreciation and amortization, the existence or timing of asset impairments and
the effect of non-cash stock-based compensation expense. We believe Adjusted
EBITDA is useful to investors as it is a widely used measure of performance and
the adjustments we make to Adjusted EBITDA provide further clarity on our
profitability. We remove the effect of non-cash stock-based compensation from
our earnings, which can vary based on share price, share price volatility and
expected life of the equity instruments we grant. In addition, these stock-based
compensation expenses do not result in cash payments by the Company. Adjusted
EBITDA has limitations as a profitability measure in that it does not include
interest expense on our debt, our provisions for income taxes and amortization,
the effect of deferred leasehold inducement, the effect of non-cash stock-based
compensation expense and the effect of asset impairment.  
 The following is a reconciliation of net income from operations
to Adjusted EBITDA:  

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION   
 We had cash of $662,743 as at August 31, 2016 compared to cash
of $387,316 as at August 31, 2015. We had working capital of $1,125,289 as at
August 31, 2016 compared to $513,472 as at August 31, 2015. The increase in our
working capital was due to a decrease in our net loss, offset by an increase in
accounts receivable and a decrease in accounts payable, and from proceeds from a
private placement completed in October, 2015.  
 We had $640,456 in cash held outside of the United States, and
there is no intent to repatriate this cash at this time. Should we decide to
repatriate in the future, taxes may need to be accrued and paid.  
  Cash Flows   
 Net cash used in operating activities was $162,819 for the year
ended August 31, 2016, compared to net cash used of $69,562 for the year ended
August 31, 2015. As of the date of this report, we have collected approximately
93% of the accounts receivable balance at August 31, 2016.  
 The cash used in investing activities was $73,097 for the year
ended August 31, 2016, compared to $338,091 for the year ended August 31, 2015.
The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was largely attributable
to the leasehold improvements for our new office in the comparative period.  
 The cash provided by financing activities was $489,943 for the
year ended August 31, 2016 compared to net cash used of $2,240 for the year
ended August 31, 2015. The change was the result of a private placement in the
current period.  
  CAPITAL RESOURCES   
 The Company does not have any material commitments for capital
expenditures and the Company is able to meet current and expected growth and
increase in growth in revenue with current capital investments. 
 18 

MATERIAL OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 
None.  
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES   
 
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and
expenses, and the related disclosures of contingent liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable in the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.  
 
The following critical accounting policies affect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.  
 
  Revenue Recognition     
 
We recognize revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 985-605,  Revenue Recognition . Accordingly, revenue is recognized when there is
persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery to the customer has occurred, the fee is fixed and determinable, and collectability is considered probable.  
 
The majority of our revenue is generated from digital media distribution service. The service is billed on usage which is based on the volume and size of distributions provided on a monthly basis. All revenues are recognized on a monthly basis as
the services are delivered to customers, except where extended payment terms exist. Such revenues are only recognized when the extended payment term expires.  
 
At present, the Company does not have a standard business practice for contracts that contain extended payment terms, and therefore recognizes revenue from such contracts when the payment terms lapse and all other revenue criteria have been met.  
 
Significant management judgments and estimates must be made in connection with determination of the revenue to be recognized in any accounting period. If we made different judgments or utilized different estimates for any period material differences
in the amount and timing of revenue recognized could result.   
 
  Stock-Based Compensation     
 
We recognize the costs of employee services received in share-based payment transactions according to the fair value provisions of the current share-based payment guidance. The fair value of employee services received in stock-based payment
transactions is estimated at the grant date and recognized over the requisite service period. Determining the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of stock-based awards requires judgment, including estimating stock price
volatility, forfeiture rates and expected life.  
 
We selected the Black-Scholes option pricing model as the most appropriate method for determining the estimated fair value of our share-based awards. The Black-Scholes model requires the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions which
determine the fair value of share-based awards, including the option s expected term and the price volatility of the underlying stock. Our current estimate of volatility is based on historical and market-based implied volatilities of our stock
price. To the extent volatility of our stock price increases in the future, our estimates of the fair value of options granted in the future could increase, thereby increasing stock-based compensation cost recognized in future periods. We derive the
expected term assumption primarily based on our historical settlement experience, while giving consideration to options that have not yet completed a full life cycle. Stock-based compensation cost is recognized only for awards ultimately expected to
vest. Our estimate of the forfeiture rate is based primarily on our historical experience. To the extent we revise this estimate in the future, our share-based compensation cost could be materially impacted in the quarter of revision, as well as in
the following quarters. In the future, as empirical evidence regarding these input estimates is available to provide more directionally predictive results, we may change or refine our approach of deriving these input estimates.  
 19 

Research and Development Expense for Software Products     
 
Research and development expense includes costs incurred to develop intellectual property. The costs for the development of new software and substantial enhancements to existing software are expensed as incurred until technological feasibility has
been established, at which time any additional costs would be capitalized. We have determined that technological feasibility is established at the time a working model of software is completed. Because we believe our current process for developing
software will be essentially completed concurrently with the establishment of technological feasibility, no costs have been capitalized to date.  
 
Significant management judgments and estimates must be made in connection with determination of any amounts identified for capitalization as software development costs in any accounting period. If we made different judgments or utilized different
estimates for any period material differences in the amount and timing of capitalized development costs could occur.  
 
  Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts     
 
We extend credit to our customers based on evaluation of an individual customer's financial condition and collateral is generally not required. Accounts outstanding beyond the contractual payment terms are considered past due. We determine our
allowance for doubtful accounts by considering a number of factors, including the length of time accounts receivable are beyond the contractual payment terms, our previous loss history, and a customer's current ability to pay its obligation to us.
We write-off accounts receivable when they are identified as uncollectible. All outstanding accounts receivable accounts are periodically reviewed for collectability on an individual basis.  
 
  Income Taxes     
 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed based on differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and their corresponding tax values using the enacted income tax rates by tax jurisdiction at each
balance sheet date. Deferred income tax assets also result from unused loss carry-forwards and other deductions. The valuation of deferred income tax assets is reviewed annually and adjusted, if necessary, by use of a valuation allowance to reflect
the estimated realizable amount. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. We evaluate
all available evidence, such as recent and expected future operating results by tax jurisdiction, and current and enacted tax legislation and other temporary differences between book and tax accounting to determine whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. There is a risk that management estimates for operating results could vary significantly from actual results, which could materially affect the valuation of the future
income tax asset. Although the Company has tax loss carry-forwards and other deferred income tax assets, management has determined certain of these deferred tax assets do not meet the more likely than not criteria, and accordingly, these deferred
income tax asset amounts have been completely offset by a valuation allowance as disclosed in Note 6 of our consolidated financial statements.   
 
If management s estimates of the cash flows or operating results do not materialize due to errors in estimates or unforeseen changes to the economic conditions affecting the Company, it could result in an impairment adjustment in future
periods.   
 
  Contingencies    
 
As discussed under  Item 3. Legal Proceedings  and in Note 9  Contingencies  in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of
business. In accordance with US GAAP, the Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. There is significant judgment required in both the probability determination and as to
whether an exposure can be reasonably estimated. In management s opinion, the Company does not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceedings and claims that would individually or in the aggregate materially adversely
affect its financial condition or operating results. However, the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company are subject to significant uncertainty. Should the Company fail to prevail in any of these legal matters or should
several of these legal matters be resolved against the Company in the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected.  
 20 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets     
 
We evaluate the recoverability of our long-lived assets including tangible assets in accordance with authoritative guidance. When events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets may not be recoverable, we
recognize such impairment in the event the carrying amount of such assets exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to such assets. We have not recorded any impairment losses to date. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   
 
  Accounting Standards Not Yet Effective     
 
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) ,
and requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  ( ASU 2015-14 ) in August 2015. The amendments in ASU 2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09. Public business
entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.
Earlier adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.  Further to ASU 2014-09 and ASU 2015-14, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  ( ASU 2016-08 ) in March 2016, ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU 2016-10 ) in April 2016, and ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients 
( ASU 2016-12 ), respectively.  The amendments in ASU 2016-08 clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations, including indicators to assist an entity in determining whether it controls a specified good or
service before it is transferred to the customers.  ASU 2016-10 clarifies guideline related to identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance contained in the new revenue recognition standard.  The updates in ASU 2016-10
include targeted improvements based on input the FASB received from the Transition Resource Group for Revenue Recognition and other stakeholders.  It seeks to proactively address areas in which diversity in practice potentially could arise, as well
as to reduce the cost and complexity of applying certain aspects of the guidance both at implementation and on an ongoing basis.  ASU 2016-12 addresses narrow-scope improvements to the guidance on collectability, non-cash consideration, and
completed contracts at transition.  Additionally, the amendments in this ASU provide a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and an accounting policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes
collected from customers.  The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 are the same as ASU 2014-09.  We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09, ASU
2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 on our consolidated financial statements.  
 
In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements.  
 
In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU 2015-17 ).  Topic 740, Income Taxes, requires an entity to separate deferred income tax
liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position.  Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability
for financial reporting.  Deferred tax liabilities and assets that are not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting are classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference.  To simplify the presentation of
deferred income taxes, the amendments in ASU 2015-17 require that deferred income tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.  For public business entities, the amendments in this update
are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-17 to have a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
 21 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases
(Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The amendments in this update create Topic 842,
Leases, and supersede the leases requirements in Topic 840, Leases. Topic 842
specifies the accounting for leases. The objective of Topic 842 is to establish
the principles that lessees and lessors shall apply to report useful information
to users of financial statements about the amount, timing, and uncertainty of
cash flows arising from a lease. The main difference between Topic 842 and Topic
840 is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities for those leases
classified as operating leases under Topic 840. Topic 842 retains a distinction
between finance leases and operating leases. The classification criteria for
distinguishing between finance leases and operating leases are substantially
similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases
and operating leases in the previous leases guidance. The result of retaining a
distinction between finance leases and operating leases is that under the lessee
accounting model in Topic 842, the effect of leases in the statement of
comprehensive income and the statement of cash flows is largely unchanged from
previous GAAP. The amendments in ASU 2016-02 are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years for public business entities. Early application of the amendments in ASU
2016-02 is permitted. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact
of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements.  
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial
Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments  ( ASU 2016-13 ). Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326)
amends guideline on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost
basis and available-for-sale debt securities. For assets held at amortized cost
basis, Topic 326 eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold in
current GAAP and, instead, requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of
all expected credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation
account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial assets
to present the net amount expected to be collected. For available-for-sale debt
securities, credit losses should be measured in a manner similar to current
GAAP, however Topic 326 will require that credit losses be presented as an
allowance rather than as a write-down. ASU 2016-13 affects entities holding
financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair
value through net income. The amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade
receivables, net investments in leases, off balance sheet credit exposures,
reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the
scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. The amendments in this
ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 on our consolidated financial
statements.  
  Item
7A.        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   
  Foreign Exchange Risk   
 Our revenues are primarily in United States dollars and Euros
while our operating expenses are primarily in Canadian dollars. Thus, operating
expenses and the results of operations are impacted, to the extent they are not
hedged, by the rise and fall of the relative values of the Canadian dollar to
these currencies. During the year, as a result of fluctuations in the Euro, and
the Australian, Canadian, and US dollars, the Company realized an overall
positive impact on net income through favorable impacts on expenses outweighing
negative impacts on total revenue.  
  ITEM
8.          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.  
 Index to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the
Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015:  
 
 22 

Consolidated Financial Statements   
   Destiny Media Technologies Inc.    
     August 31, 2016 and 2015   
   (Expressed in United States dollars)   

23 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
  Board of Directors and Stockholders  
Destiny Media Technologies Inc.   
Vancouver, Canada   
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Destiny Media Technologies Inc. as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the years then ended.  These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.  Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.  An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Destiny Media Technologies at August 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
 /s/ BDO CANADA LLP  
 Chartered Professional Accountants  
 Vancouver, Canada  
November 28, 2016  
   
  BDO Canada LLP, a Canadian limited liability partnership, is a member of BDO International Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member firms.  
 24 

Destiny Media Technologies Inc.    

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    

As at August 31,  
       (Expressed in United States dollars)  

See accompanying notes      
 25 

Destiny Media Technologies Inc.    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
        COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)    

Years ended August 31,  
       (Expressed in United States dollars)  

See accompanying notes   
 26 

Destiny Media Technologies Inc.    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
        CHANGES IN   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

Years ended August 31,  
       (Expressed in United States dollars)  

See   accompanying   notes   
 27 

Destiny Media Technologies Inc.    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
        FLOWS    

Years ended August 31,  
       (Expressed in United States dollars)  

See accompanying notes   
 28 

1. ORGANIZATION    
 Destiny Media Technologies Inc. (the  Company ) was
  incorporated in August 1998 under the laws of the State of Colorado and the
  corporate jurisdiction was changed to Nevada effective October 8, 2014. The
  Company develops technologies that allow for the distribution over the Internet
  of digital media files in either a streaming or digital download format. The
  technologies are proprietary. The Company operates out of Vancouver, BC, Canada
  and serves customers predominantly located in the United States, Europe and
  Australia.  
 The Company s stock is listed for trading under the symbol
   DSNY  on the OTCQX U.S. in the United States, under the symbol  DSY  on the TSX
  Venture Exchange and under the symbol  DME  on the Berlin, Frankfurt, Xetra and
  Stuttgart exchanges in Germany.  
   2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
 The following is a summary of the significant accounting
  policies used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements:  
  Basis of presentation and fiscal year   
 These consolidated financial statements and related notes are
  presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
  United States, and are expressed in US dollars. The Company s fiscal year-end is
  August 31.  
  Principles of consolidation   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
  accounts of the Company, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Destiny Software
  Productions Inc., MPE Distribution Inc., and Sonox Digital Inc. All
  inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated on consolidation.  
  Use of estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
  United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
  make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
  liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
  net revenue and expenses in the reporting periods. We regularly evaluate
  estimates and assumptions related to revenue recognition, estimated useful lives
  for property and equipment, allowances for doubtful accounts, stock-based
  compensation expense, deferred income tax asset valuation allowances, uncertain
  tax positions, litigation and other loss contingencies. These estimates and
  assumptions are based on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be
  reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
  making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the
  recording of revenue, costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from
  other sources. The actual results we experience may differ materially and
  adversely from our original estimates. To the extent there are material
  differences between the estimates and actual results, our future results of
  operations will be affected.  
 29 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (cont d.)    
  Cash and cash equivalents   
 We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily
  convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at
  the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.  
  Revenue recognition   
 The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Financial
  Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
  985-605,  Revenue Recognition . Accordingly, revenue is recognized when
  there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery to the customer has
  occurred, the fee is fixed and determinable, and collectability is considered
  probable.  
 The majority of the Company s revenue is generated from digital
  media distribution service. The service is billed on usage which is based on the
  volume and size of distributions provided on a monthly basis. All revenues are
  recognized on a monthly basis as the services are delivered to customers, except
  where extended payment terms exist. Such revenues are only recognized when the
  payments from customers become due.  
 Cash received in advance of meeting the revenue recognition
  criteria is recorded as deferred revenue.  
 30 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (cont d.)    
  Long-lived assets   
 Long-lived assets held for use are evaluated for impairment
  when events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying
  amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. Impairment is measured by a
  two-step process: Step 1) the carrying amount of the asset is compared with its
  estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
  assets and its eventual disposition. If the carrying amount is lower than the
  undiscounted future cash-flows, no impairment loss is recognized. Step 2) if the
  carrying amount is higher than the undiscounted future cash-flows then an
  impairment loss is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and
  fair value which may be based on internally developed discounted cash flow
  estimates, quoted market prices, when available, or independent appraisals. The
  determination of whether or not long-lived assets have become impaired involves
  a significant level of judgment in the assumptions underlying the approach used
  to determine the estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of
  those assets. Changes in the Company s strategy, assumptions and/or market
  conditions could significantly impact these judgments and require adjustments to
  recorded amounts of long-lived assets. As of August 31, 2016, there were no
  impairment indicators present.  
  Litigation and settlement costs   
 From time to time, we may be involved in disputes, litigation
  and other legal actions. In accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies, we record a
  charge equal to at least the minimum estimated liability for a loss contingency
  when both of the following conditions are met: (i) information available prior
  to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that an
  asset has been impaired or a liability had been incurred at the date of the
  financial statements and (ii) the range of loss can be reasonably estimated.  
 During the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company incurred
  approximately $Nil (2015: $8,000) in professional legal fees in connection with
  legal actions against the Company and legal actions initiated by the Company.
  These costs are expensed as incurred and are recorded as a component of general
  and administrative expenses.  
 31  

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (cont d.)    
  Allowance for doubtful accounts   
 The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts
  through review of open accounts, and historical collection and allowance
  amounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is intended to reduce trade
  accounts receivable to the amount that reasonably approximates their fair value
  due to their short-term nature. The amount ultimately realized from trade
  accounts receivable may differ from the amount estimated in the consolidated
  financial statements based on collection experience.    
  Research and development costs   
 Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs are
  subject to capitalization beginning when a product s technological feasibility
  has been established and ending when a product is available for general release
  to customers. The Company s products are generally released soon after
  technological feasibility has been established and therefore costs incurred
  subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are not significant and
  have been expensed as incurred.  
  Property and equipment   
 Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and
  amortization is taken over the estimated useful lives of the assets and is
  calculated using the following rates, and methods, commencing upon utilization
  of the assets:  

Furniture and fixtures  
       20%  

Computer hardware  
       30%  

Computer software  
       50%  

Leasehold improvements  
       Straight-line over lease term  

Patents, trademarks and lists  
       Straight-line over 3 years  

32  

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (cont d.)    
  Translation of foreign currencies   
 The Company s functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Financial
  statements of foreign operations for which the functional currency is the local
  currency are translated into U.S. dollars with assets and liabilities translated
  at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date and revenue and
  expense items translated at the average rates for the period. Unrealized gains
  and losses resulting from the translation of the consolidated financial
  statements are deferred and accumulated in a separate component of stockholders 
  equity as a foreign currency translation gain (loss) in accumulated other
  comprehensive income (loss).  
 Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated
  at the exchange rate in effect on the transaction date. These foreign currency
  gains and losses are included as a component of general and administrative
  expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.  
 The Company operates internationally, which gives rise to the
  risk that cash flows may be adversely impacted by exchange rate fluctuations.
  The Company has not entered into contracts for foreign exchange hedges.  
  Advertising   
 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and totaled $769 and
  $94,346 during the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Income taxes   
 The Company utilizes the liability method of accounting for
  income taxes as set forth in ASC 740,  Income Taxes  (formerly SFAS No.
  109,  Accounting for Income Taxes) . Under the liability method, deferred
  taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial
  statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be
  in effect during the years in which the basis that give rise to the differences
  reverse. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that
  some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In determining the need
  for valuation allowances we consider projected future taxable income and the
  availability of tax planning strategies. If in the future we determine that we
  would not be able to realize our recorded deferred tax assets, an increase in
  the valuation allowance would be recorded, decreasing earnings in the period in
  which such determination is made.  
 33 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (cont d.)    
 We assess our income tax positions and record tax benefits for
  all years subject to examination based upon our evaluation of the facts,
  circumstances and information available at the reporting date. For those tax
  positions where there is a greater than 50% likelihood that a tax benefit will
  be sustained, we have recorded the largest amount of tax benefit that may
  potentially be realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that
  has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions
  where there is 50% or less likelihood that a tax benefit will be sustained, no
  tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements.  
 The Company has concluded that there are no significant
  uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s financial
  statements. The Company s evaluation was performed for the tax years ended
  August 31, 1999 through August 31, 2016, the tax years which remain subject to
  examination by major tax jurisdictions. The Company may from time to time be
  assessed interest or penalties by major tax jurisdictions, although any such
  assessments historically have been minimal and immaterial to the Company s
  financial results. In the event the Company has received an assessment for
  interest and/or penalties, it has been classified in the financial statements as
  selling, general and administrative expense.  
  Investment tax credits   
 The Company uses the flow through method to account for
  investment tax credits earned on eligible scientific research and development
  expenditures. Under this method, the investment tax credits are recognized as a
  reduction to income tax expense.  
  Stock based compensation   
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation arrangements
  in accordance with ASC 718, Stock Compensation. Under the fair value recognition
  provisions of ASC 718 stock based compensation cost is estimated at the grant
  date based on the fair value of the awards expected to vest and recognized as
  expense ratably over the requisite service period of the award. The Company has
  used the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate fair value of its
  stock-based awards which requires various judgmental assumptions including
  estimating stock price volatility and expected life. Compensation expense for
  unvested options to non-employees is revalued at each balance sheet date and is
  being amortized over the vesting period of the options. The Company s
  computation of expected volatility is based on historical volatility. In
  addition, the Company considers many factors when estimating expected life,
  including types of awards and historical experience. If any of the assumptions
  used in the Black-Scholes valuation model change significantly, stock-based
  compensation expense may differ materially in the future from that recorded in
  the current period.  
 As required under ASC 718-50 Employee Share Purchase Plans,
  compensation expense is recorded for shares committed to be released to
  employees based on the fair market value of those shares in the period in which
  they are purchased by the Company and committed to be released to the employee.  
 34 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (cont d.)    
  Earnings per share   
 Net income (loss) per share basic is calculated by dividing net
  income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
  the period. Net income (loss) per share (diluted) is calculated by dividing net
  income for the period by the weighted average number of common shares
  outstanding during the period, plus the dilutive effect of outstanding common
  share equivalents. This method requires that the dilutive effect of outstanding
  options and warrants issued be calculated using the treasury stock method. Under
  the treasury stock method, all common share equivalents have been exercised at
  the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and that the
  funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common shares of the Company at the
  average trading price of common shares during the period, but only if dilutive.  
 
 At August 31, 2016, the Company had 950,000 outstanding options
  exercisable at $0.40 and 1,010,000 outstanding warrants exercisable at $0.30.
  Those outstanding options and warrants were not included in the computation of
  diluted EPS because to do so would have been anti-dilutive due to a loss from
  operations.  
 Shares repurchased for cancellation are excluded in the
  calculation of earnings per share from the date they are repurchased.  
  Comprehensive income (loss)   
 Comprehensive income (loss) includes all changes in equity
  except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (deficit) consists only of accumulated
  foreign currency translation adjustments for all years presented.  
 35  

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (cont d.)    
  Fair value measurement   
 The book value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts
  receivable, other receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities
  approximate their fair values due to the short term maturity of those
  instruments. The book value of the long term receivable approximates its fair
  value as the interest rate is comparable to the market rate. The fair value
  hierarchy under GAAP is based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two
  are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure
  fair value which are the following:  
 Level 1   quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
  identical assets and liabilities;  
  Level 2   observable inputs other than
  Level 1, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets,
  quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that
  are not active, and model-derived prices whose inputs are observable or whose
  significant value drivers are observable; and  
  Level 3   assets and
  liabilities whose significant value drivers are unobservable by little or no
  market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or
  liabilities.  
 The Company s long term receivable is based on level 2 inputs
  in the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy.  
   Accounting Standards Not Yet Effective    
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
  Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 supersedes
  the revenue recognition requirements in  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) , and
  requires entities to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or
  services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
  entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The
  FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
  Deferral of the Effective Date  ( ASU 2015-14 ) in August 2015. The amendments
  in ASU 2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09. Public business
  entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans
  should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning
  after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that
  reporting period. Earlier adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting
  periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods
  within that reporting period. Further to ASU 2014-09 and ASU 2015-14, the FASB
  issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) 
  ( ASU 2016-08 ) in March 2016, ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with
  Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU
  2016-10 ) in April 2016, and ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with
  Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  ( ASU
  2016-12 ), respectively. The amendments in ASU 2016-08 clarify the
  implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations, including
  indicators to assist an entity in determining whether it controls a specified
  good or service before it is transferred to the customers. ASU 2016-10 clarifies
  guideline related to identifying performance obligations and licensing
  implementation guidance contained in the new revenue recognition standard. The
  updates in ASU 2016-10 include targeted improvements based on
  input the FASB received from the Transition Resource Group for Revenue
  Recognition and other stakeholders. It seeks to proactively address areas in
  which diversity in practice potentially could arise, as well as to reduce the
  cost and complexity of applying certain aspects of the guidance both at
  implementation and on an ongoing basis. ASU 2016-12 addresses narrow-scope
  improvements to the guidance on collectability, non-cash consideration, and
  completed contracts at transition. Additionally, the amendments in this ASU
  provide a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and an
  accounting policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other
  similar taxes collected from customers. The effective date and transition
  requirements for ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 are the same as ASU
  2014-09. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the
  adoption of ASU 2014-09, ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 on our
  consolidated financial statements.  
 36 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (cont d.)    
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of
  Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU
  2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity s
  ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote
  disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all
  entities in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. We are
  currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this new standard on our
  consolidated financial statements.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income
  Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU
  2015-17 ). Topic 740, Income Taxes, requires an entity to separate deferred
  income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a
  classified statement of financial position. Deferred tax liabilities and assets
  are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the
  related asset or liability for financial reporting. Deferred tax liabilities and
  assets that are not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting are
  classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference.
  To simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, the amendments in ASU
  2015-17 require that deferred income tax liabilities and assets be classified as
  noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. For public business
  entities, the amendments in this update are effective for financial statements
  issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
  within those annual periods. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-17 to
  have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases
  (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The amendments in this update create Topic 842,
  Leases, and supersede the leases requirements in Topic 840, Leases. Topic 842
  specifies the accounting for leases. The objective of Topic 842 is to establish
  the principles that lessees and lessors shall apply to report useful information
  to users of financial statements about the amount, timing, and uncertainty of
  cash flows arising from a lease. The main difference between Topic 842 and Topic
  840 is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities for those leases
  classified as operating leases under Topic 840. Topic 842 retains a distinction
  between finance leases and operating leases. The classification criteria for
  distinguishing between finance leases and operating leases are substantially
  similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases
  and operating leases in the previous leases guidance. The result of retaining a distinction between finance leases and operating
  leases is that under the lessee accounting model in Topic 842, the effect of
  leases in the statement of comprehensive income and the statement of cash flows
  is largely unchanged from previous GAAP. The amendments in ASU 2016-02 are
  effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
  periods within those fiscal years for public business entities. Early
  application of the amendments in ASU 2016-02 is permitted. We are currently in
  the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our
  consolidated financial statements.  
 37 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (cont d.)    
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial
  Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
  Instruments  ( ASU 2016-13 ). Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326)
  amends guideline on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost
  basis and available-for-sale debt securities. For assets held at amortized cost
  basis, Topic 326 eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold in
  current GAAP and, instead, requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of
  all expected credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation
  account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial assets
  to present the net amount expected to be collected. For available-for-sale debt
  securities, credit losses should be measured in a manner similar to current
  GAAP, however Topic 326 will require that credit losses be presented as an
  allowance rather than as a write-down. ASU 2016-13 affects entities holding
  financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair
  value through net income. The amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade
  receivables, net investments in leases, off balance sheet credit exposures,
  reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the
  scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. The amendments in this
  ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019,
  including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating
  the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 on our consolidated financial
  statements.  
 In February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases. The guidance
  would require lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets as lease
  liabilities with corresponding right  of-use assets. The guidance is effective
  for annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 15,
  2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of
  ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements.  
 38 

3. LONG TERM RECEIVABLE    
 In a prior year, the Company agreed to settle litigation with
  an unrelated party. Pursuant to a Settlement Deed dated March 5, 2012, the
  Company became entitled to a settlement sum of $825,000 Australian dollars
  ( AUD ) (US $858,194), receivable in monthly installments over the course of 72
  months, beginning on March 31, 2012 and ending on February 28, 2018. The balance
  is due to be paid in equal monthly installments of $14,050AUD until the end of
  the obligation. The unpaid balance accrues interest of 10.25% per annum
  compounded monthly. The receivable is secured by a registered charge against
  real estate located in Australia. As of August 31, 2016, installments of
  US$744,266, including interest of US$218,659, have been received ($830,600AUD
  and $239,036AUD, respectively).  
 The following table summarizes the changes regarding the
  carrying value of the remaining receivable balance during the year ended August
  31, 2016 and covering the period of September 1, 2015 to August 31, 2016:  
 
 The foreign exchange impact in the above table is partially
  allocated into other comprehensive income (loss) and partially allocated into
  exchange gain (loss) on income statement.  
 Payments to be received over the next two fiscal years are as
  follows:  
 
 39 

4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT    
 
 Depreciation and amortization for the year ended August 31,
  2016 was $191,383 (2015: $182,863)  
   5. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    
  [a] Common stock issued and authorized   
 The Company is authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of
  common stock, par value $0.001 per share.  
  2016   
 During the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company issued
  2,020,000 Units at a price of $0.25 per Unit for gross proceeds of $505,000
  pursuant to a private placement with issuance costs of $8,640.  
 Each Unit was comprised of one common share of the Company and
  one-half of one common share purchase warrant ("Warrant"), with each whole
  Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one additional common share at $0.30
  per share for a period of two years from the date of the issuance. The Company
  will have the right to accelerate the expiry date of the Warrants if, at any
  time, the average closing price of the Company s common shares is equal to or
  greater than $1.25 for 20 consecutive trading days. In the event of
  acceleration, the expiry date will be accelerated to a date that is 30 days
  after the Company issues a news release announcing that it has elected to
  exercise this acceleration right.  
 40 

5. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (cont d.)    
  2015   
 During the year ended August 31, 2015, no shares were issued.  
  [b] Stock option plans   
 The Company has two existing stock option plans (the  Plan ),
  namely the 2006 Stock Option Plan and the 2015 Stock Option Plan, under which up
  to 7,750,000 shares of the common stock, has been reserved for issuance. A total
  of 2,053,181 common shares remain eligible for issuance under the plan. The
  options generally vest over a range of periods from the date of grant, some are
  immediate, and others are 12 or 24 months. Any options that do not vest as the
  result of a grantee leaving the Company are forfeited and the common shares
  underlying them are returned to the reserve. The options generally have a
  contractual term of five years.  
  Stock-Based Payment Award Activity   
 A summary of option activity under the Plans as of August 31,
  2016 and 2015, and changes during the years ended are presented below:  
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference
  between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the quoted price of the
  Company s common stock for the options that were in-the-money at August 31,
  2016.    
 The following table summarizes information regarding the
  non-vested stock purchase options outstanding as of August 31, 2016:  
 41 

5. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (cont d.)    
 
 As of August 31, 2016, there was $37,206 of total unrecognized
  compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation awards. The
  unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted
  average period of 0.73 years.  
 Subsequent to August 31, 2016, 100,000 stock purchase options
  exercisable at $0.40 were forfeited.  
 During the year ended August 31, 2016, the total stock-based
  compensation expense of $49,608 is reported in the statement of comprehensive
  loss as follows:  
 
 42  

5. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (cont d.)    
  Valuation Assumptions   
 The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of
  grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following
  assumptions:  
 
 Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the
  Company s stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise
  and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of
  options granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected
  to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of
  the options is based on US Treasury bill rates in effect at the time of grant.  
  [c] Employee Stock Purchase Plan   
 The Company s 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  Plan )
  became effective on February 22, 2011. Under the Plan, employees of Destiny are
  able to contribute up to 5% of their annual salary into a pool which is matched
  equally by Destiny. Independent directors are able to contribute a maximum of
  $12,500 each for a combined maximum annual purchase of $25,000. The maximum
  annual combined contributions will be $400,000. All purchases are made through
  the Toronto Stock Exchange by a third party plan agent. The third party plan
  agent will also be responsible for the administration of the Plan on behalf of
  Destiny and the participants.  
 During the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company recognized
  compensation expense of $37,304 (2015: $93,569) in salaries and wages on the
  statement of operations in respect of the Plan, representing the Company s
  employee matching of cash contributions to the plan. The shares were purchased
  on the open market at an average price of $0.23 (2015: $0.37) . The shares are
  held in trust by the Company for a period of one year from the date of purchase.  
 43 

5. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (cont d.)    
  [d] Warrants   
 As at August 31, 2016, the Company has the following common
  stock warrants outstanding:  
 
 The Company will have the right to accelerate the expiry date
  of all of the warrants if, at any time, the average closing price of the
  Company s common shares is equal to or greater than $1.25 for 20 consecutive
  trading days. In the event of acceleration, the expiry date will be accelerated
  to a date that is 30 days after the Company issues a news release announcing
  that it has elected to exercise this acceleration right.  
 All of the common stock warrants were issued in connection with
  the private placement transaction described in Note 5[a].  
 The warrants were classified as equity at the date of issuance.
  They contained no provision that would require liability classification.
  Accordingly, they were classified as equity at the date of issuance and included
  in additional paid in capital. The proceeds were not bifurcated between the
  value of the share and the warrant as the amount is contained within additional
  paid in capital. The Company applied its best judgment to estimate key
  assumptions in determining the fair value of the warrants on the date of
  issuance. The Company used historical data to estimate stock volatilities. The
  risk-free rates are consistent with the terms of the warrants and are based on
  the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of issuance.  
 44  

6. INCOME TAXES    
 The Company is subject to United States federal and state
  income taxes at an approximate rate of 34.0% and to Canadian federal and British
  Columbia provincial taxes in Canada at an approximate rate of 26%. The
  reconciliation of the provision (recovery) for income taxes at the United States
  federal statutory rate compared to the Company s income tax expense is as
  follows:  
 
 Included in other adjustments and change in valuation allowance
  for the year ended August 31, 2016 is $(15,000) (2015: $341,000) for the effect
  of changes in foreign exchange rates and $40,000 (2015: $24,000) in respect of a
  change in estimates and provisions.  
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
  differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
  reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company has
  recognized a valuation allowance for those deferred tax assets for which
  realization is not more likely than not to occur.  
 45 

6. INCOME TAXES (cont d.)    
 Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets as
  of August 31 are as follows:  
 
 Net income (loss) before income tax by geographic region is as
  follows:  
 
 If not utilized to reduce future taxable income, the Company s
  net operating loss carryforwards will expire as follows:  
 
 If not utilized to reduce future taxable payable, the Company s
  investment tax credit carryforwards will expire as follows:  
 
 46  

7. COMMITMENTS    
 In December 2014, the Company entered into a sublease agreement
  commencing May 1, 2015 and expiring June 29, 2017 for a new premise with free
  occupation from February 2015 to April 2015. In February 2015 the sublease
  agreement was amended to include one extra month free occupation for May 2015
  with rent payment starting June 1, 2015. The Company has fiscal year payments
  committed as follows:  
 
 During the year ended August 31, 2016 the Company incurred rent
  expense of $222,287 (2015 - $289,917) which has been allocated between general
  and administrative expenses, research and development and sales and marketing on
  the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The
  rent expense during the year ended August 31, 2016 has included the allocation
  of rental payments on a straight-line basis.  
 In February 2015, the Company entered into a capital lease. The
  Company is committed to make payments under its capital leases for 4 year terms
  of the leases as follows:  
 
   8. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    
 The Company entered into a consulting agreement with a family
  member of a Director to provide project management service effective March 1,
  2014. During the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company paid consulting fees of
  $Nil (2015 - $68,011) under this agreement. The family member's service
  terminated at the end of May 2015.  
 47 

9. CONTINGENCIES    
 On November 8, 2011, the Company was served with a Notice of
  Civil Claim in the Supreme Court of British Columbia from Noramco Capital
  Corporation for $100,000. The claim asserts that the Company has repudiated a
  subscription agreement entered into in August 2000. Management believes the
  claim is without merit and that the likelihood that the outcome of this matter
  will have a material adverse impact on its result of operations, cash flows and
  financial condition of the Company is remote. The Company has filed a
  counterclaim against Noramco and the alleged major beneficial shareholder of
  Noramco, R. A. Bruce McDonald, for damages arising from a proposed private
  placement in 2000 which did not close.  
   10. CONCENTRATIONS AND ECONOMIC DEPENDENCE    
 The Company operates solely in the digital media software
  segment and all revenue from its products and services are made in this segment.  
 Revenue from external customers, by product and location of
  customer, is as follows:  
 
 Revenue in the above table is based on location of the
  customer s billing address. Some of these customers have distribution centers
  located around the globe and distribute around the world. During the year ended
  August 31, 2016, the Company generated 42% of total revenue from one customer
  [2015 - one customer represented 45%].  
 It is in management s opinion that the Company is not exposed
  to significant credit risk.  
 As at August 31, 2016, one customer represented $354,459 (63%)
  of the trade receivables balance [2015   one customer represented $237,037
  (59%)].  
 48 

10. CONCENTRATIONS AND ECONOMIC DEPENDENCE
  (cont d.)    
 The Company has substantially all its assets in Canada and its
  current and planned future operations are, and will be, located in Canada.  
   11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    
 In accordance with ASC 855  Subsequent Events , which
  establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that
  occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued,
  we have evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after August 31, 2016
  up through the date we issued the consolidated financial statements and has
  determined that there was no other material event that occurred after the date
  of the balance sheets included in this report.  
 49 

ITEM
9.          CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.  
 None.  
  ITEM 9A.       CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES.  
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company are responsible for evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange
Act, as of August 31, 2016.  
 Based on their evaluation, our management, with the
participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that as of August 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 
  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange
Act, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  
 Using the 1992 framework provided by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations ( COSO ), the Company conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as at August 31,
2016 and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is
effective as of August 31, 2016.  
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to
attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only
management s report in this annual report.  
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
  
 There were no changes in internal control over financial
reporting during the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2016.  
  ITEM 9B.       OTHER
INFORMATION.   
 None.  
 50 

PART III   
  ITEM
10.        DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.   
 The following table sets forth the names, positions and ages of
our executive officers and directors. All our directors serve until the next
annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are elected and
qualify. The Board of Directors elects officers and their terms of office are,
except to the extent governed by employment contract, at the discretion of the
Board of Directors.  

Name    
      Position Held with the 
       
       Company   
      Age    
      Date First Elected   
       or
      Appointed    
   
     Steven Vestergaard  
      Chief Executive Officer and
      Director   
      50   
      January 1999    
   
     Frederick Vandenberg  
      Chief Financial Officer and
      Treasurer   
      48   
      July 2007    
   
     Haig Bagerdjian  (1)    
      Director   
      60   
      January 2015     

 (1) Member of our Audit Committee  
 Set forth below is a brief description of the background and
business experience of each of our executive officers and directors for the past
five years:  
  Steven Vestergaard.  Mr. Vestergaard has been our
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and a Director since 1999. Mr.
Vestergaard's responsibilities include strategic planning and coordinating
strategic planning, marketing and product development. Mr. Vestergaard obtained
a B.Sc. from the University of British Columbia in 1989. He founded Tronic
Software in 1981 and Destiny Software in 1991, both as video game development
companies. In 1995, Destiny changed its focus to internet technologies, going
public in 1999 with streaming video and media security technology. 
  Fred Vandenberg, B. Comm. MBA, CPA, CA  Mr. Vandenberg has been our
  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since July 2007. Mr. Vandenberg's core
  responsibilities include leading the accounting, treasury, strategic planning,
  financial controls and financial reporting functions of the Company. Mr.
  Vandenberg has over 17 years of public accounting experience in tax advisory
  services, mergers and acquisitions, and financial reporting. Mr. Vandenberg
  completed the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada's "In-depth" taxation
  program while with Ernst   Young in 1998. Mr. Vandenberg obtained a Bachelor of Commerce from McMaster
University in 1991 and a Master of Business Administration (Finance) from
McMaster University in 1993. In 1996, Mr. Vandenberg was designated as a
Chartered Professional Accountant in Ontario. 
  Haig Bagerdjian.  Mr. Bagerdjian has been a director of
the Company since January 2015. Currently Haig Bagerdjian is Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Point.360 (http://www.point360.com/), a full-service
audio-visual asset management and distribution company that has been serving the
entertainment industry for over 30 years. He has been Chairman of Point.360
since 2001 and CEO since 2002. Prior to joining Point.360, he was Executive Vice
President of Syncor International Corporation, a leading provider of
radiopharmaceuticals, comprehensive nuclear pharmacy services and medical
imaging services from 1991 to 2002. From 1987 to 1991, he served in several
executive level positions at Calmark Holding Corporation. He also was General
Counsel for American Adventure, Inc., which was a subsidiary of Calmark Holding
and he is currently a director of Innodata-Isogen, Inc. Mr. Bagerdjian received
a J.D. from Harvard Law School and is admitted to the State Bar of California. 
  ELECTION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS   
 Our directors are elected by our shareholders at our annual
general meetings. Each director holds office until our next annual general
meeting or until the director resigns or is removed in accordance with our
bylaws. We do not have a classified Board of Directors.  
 Our officers serve at the discretion of our Board of
Directors. 
 51 

AUDIT COMMITTEE   
 Our audit committee currently consists of Mr. Haig Bagerdjian.
Mr. Bagerdjian is a non-employee director of the Company and is considered
independent. Our Board of Directors has currently designated Mr. Bagerdjian as
an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of
Regulation S-K. We believe that the audit committee member is capable of
analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal
controls over financial reporting.  
 Our Board adopted a charter for the Audit Committee in November
2013, a copy of which is available on our corporate website www.dsny.com.  
  FAMILY RELATIONSHIPS   
 There are no family relationships among our officers and
directors.  
  COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT   
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive
officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent
of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers, directors and greater
than ten percent shareholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based on our review of the copies
of such forms received by us, we believe that during the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2016 all such filing requirements were complied with.  
  CODE OF ETHICS   
 The Company s code of ethics is available on our website at
http://www.dsny.com/code-of-ethics  
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal
executive officer, principle financial and accounting officer, or persons
performing similar functions.  
  POLICY ON NEW CANDIDATES FOR DIRECTOR   

1.  
     
       The Committee will accept for consideration submissions
      from shareholders of recommendations for the nomination of directors.
      Acceptance of a recommendation for consideration does not imply that the
      Committee will nominate the recommended candidate.   
   
     2.  
     
       All shareholder nominating recommendations must be in
      writing, addressed to the Committee care of the Company's Corporate
      Secretary at the Company's principal headquarters, Suite 1110   885 West
      Georgia St., Vancouver, British Columbia, V6C 3E8. Submissions must be
      made by mail, courier or personal delivery. Submissions by e-mail will not
      be considered.   
   
     3.  
     
       A nominating recommendation must be accompanied by the
      following information concerning each recommending shareholder:   

a.  
     
       The name and address, including telephone number, of the
      recommending shareholder;   

b.  
     
       The number of the Company's shares owned by the
      recommending shareholder and the time period for which such shares have
      been held;   

c.  
     
       If the recommending shareholder is not a shareholder of
      record, a statement from the record holder of the shares (usually a broker
      or bank) verifying the holdings of the shareholder and a statement from
      the recommending shareholder of the length of time that the shares have
      been held. (Alternatively, the shareholder may furnish a current Schedule
      13D, Schedule 13G, Form 3, Form 4 or Form 5 filed with the Securities and
      Exchange Commission reflecting the holdings of the shareholder, together
      with a statement of the length of time that the shares have been held);
      and   

d.  
     
       A statement from the shareholder as to whether the
      shareholder has a good faith intention to continue to hold the reported
      shares through the date of the Company's next annual meeting of
      shareholders.    
 52 

4.  
     
       If a recommendation is submitted by a group of two or
      more shareholders, the information regarding recommending shareholders
      must be submitted with respect to each shareholder in the group.   
   
     5.  
     
       A nominating recommendation must be accompanied by the
      following information concerning the proposed nominee:   

a.  
     
       the information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation
      S-K (providing for disclosure of the name, address, any arrangements or
      understanding regarding nomination and five year business experience of
      the proposed nominee, as well as information regarding certain types of
      legal proceedings within the past five years involving the
  nominee);   

b.  
     
       the information required by Item 403 of SEC Regulation
      S-K (providing for disclosure regarding the proposed nominee's ownership
      of securities of the Company); and   

c.  
     
       the information required by Item 404 of SEC Regulation
      S-K (providing for disclosure of transactions between the Company and the
      proposed nominee valued in excess of $120,000 and certain other types of
      business relationships with the Company).   

d.  
     
       a description of all relationships between the proposed
      nominee and the recommending shareholder and any agreements or
      understandings between the recommending shareholder and the nominee
      regarding the nomination.   

e.  
     
       a description of all relationships between the proposed
      nominee and any of the Company's competitors, customers, suppliers, labor
      unions or other persons with special interests regarding the
    Company.   
   
     6.  
     
       The recommending shareholder must furnish a statement
      supporting its view that the proposed nominee possesses the minimum
      qualifications prescribed by the Committee for nominees, and briefly
      describing the contributions that the nominee would be expected to make to
      the board and to the governance of the Company.   
   
     7.  
     
       The recommending shareholder must state whether, in the
      shareholder's view, the nominee, if elected, would represent all
      shareholders and not serve for the purpose of advancing or favoring any
      particular shareholder or other constituency of the Company.   
   
     8.  
     
       The nominating recommendation must be accompanied by the
      consent of the proposed nominee to be interviewed by the Committee, if the
      Committee chooses to do so in its discretion (and the recommending
      shareholder must furnish the proposed nominee's contact information for
      this purpose), and, if nominated and elected, to serve as a director of
      the Company.   
   
     9.  
     
       A shareholder (or group of shareholders) wishing to
      submit a nominating recommendation for an annual meeting of shareholders
      must ensure that it is received by the Secretary of the Company, as
      provided above, not later than the 60th day nor earlier than the 90th day
      prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting;
      provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting
      is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary
      date, notice by the shareholder must be so received not earlier than the
      90th day prior to the annual meeting and not later than the later of the
      60th day prior to the annual meeting or the 15th day following the day on
      which public announcement of the date of the meeting is first made by the
      Company.    
  ITEM
11.        EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
  
 The particulars of compensation paid to the following persons: 
 (a) our principal executive officer; 
 (b) each of our two most highly
compensated executive officers other than the principle executive officer who
were serving as executive officers at the end of the year ended August 31, 2016;
and  
 (c) up to two additional individuals
for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the
individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the year ended
August 31, 2016,  
 who we will collectively refer to as our  named executive
officers , of our company for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, are set
out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is
provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officer
and the Chief Financial Officer, whose total compensation does not exceed
$100,000 for the respective fiscal year:  
 53 

(1)  
     
       Option awards shown here represent the aggregate grant
      date fair value of all options granted   
   
     (2)  
     
       On May 23, 2014, the Board of Directors set the annual
      compensation payable to each member of the Board of Directors at $48,000
      per annum for the period from June 1, 2014 to May 31, 2015. The fees
      earned or paid in cash of $36,000 for Mr. Vestergaard as a Director was
      for the service period of September 1, 2014 to May 31, 2015 during the
      fiscal year ended August 31, 2015.   
   
     (3)  
     
       The value of perquisites and other personal benefits,
      securities and property for the individuals included in the summary
      compensation table that does not exceed $10,000 is not reported herein.
      Other compensation for Mr. Vestergaard and Mr. Vandenberg includes
      participation in the employee share purchase plan described below under
      long term incentive plans.   
   
     (4)  
     
       All salaries paid to Mr. Vestergaard are paid in Canadian
      dollars.   
   
     (5)  
     
       All salaries paid to Mr. Vandenberg are paid in Canadian
      dollars.   
   
     (6)  
     
       Compensation is stated in United States dollars. Where
      compensation was provided in Canadian dollars, compensation is based on an
      exchange rate of 0.7544 US dollars for each 1.00 Canadian dollar during
      the 2016 fiscal year. Compensation is stated in United States dollars and
      is based on an exchange rate of 0.8294 US dollars for each 1.00 Canadian
      dollar during the 2015 fiscal year.    
  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS  
 We are not party to any written employment agreement or change
in control arrangements with Mr. Vestergaard. We do not have any agreements with
Mr. Vestergaard regarding the payments of bonus or other performance incentives.
Mr. Vestergaard is eligible to receive stock options as and when approved by our
Board of Directors.  
 We are not party to any written employment agreement or change
in control arrangements with Mr. Vandenberg. We do not have any agreements with
Mr. Vandenberg regarding the payments of bonus or other performance incentives.
Mr. Vandenberg is eligible to receive stock options as and when approved by our
Board of Directors.  
  OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END   
 The following table summarizes equity awards granted to our
named executive officers that were outstanding as of August 31, 2016.  
 54 

Option Awards    
      Stock Awards   

Name     
      
               Number of
       Securities  Underlying  Unexercised  Options  Exercisable
       (#)  
      
               Number of
       Securities  Underlying  Unexercised  Options
       Unexercisable  (#)  
      
           Equity  Incentive
       Plan  Awards:  Number of  Securities  Underlying
       Unexercised  Unearned  Options  (#)  
      
                  Option
       Exercise  Price  ($)  
      
                   Option
       Expiration  Date  
      
            Number  of
       Shares  or  Units of  Stock  that have  not  Vested
       (#)  
      
              Market
       Value of  Shares or  Units of  Stock that  have not
       Vested  ($)  
      
       Equity  Incentive  Plan
       Awards:  Number  of  Unearned  Shares,  Units or
       Other  Rights  that have  not  Vested  (#)  
      
       Equity  Incentive  Plan
       Awards:  Market or  Payout  Value of  Unearned  Shares,
     Units or  Other  Rights that  have not  Vested  ($)    
   
     Steven  Vestergaard   
     250,000    
     150,000    
     N/A    
     0.40    
     (1)    
     N/A    
     N/A    
     N/A    
     N/A     
   
     Frederick  Vandenberg   
     93,750    
     56,250    
     N/A    
     0.40    
     (2)    
     N/A    
     N/A    
     N/A    
     N/A      

(1) The total of unexercised options of 400,000 including the
exercisable of 250,000 and unexercisable of 150,000 is subject to equal monthly
vesting over two years commencing June 25, 2015 and the expiry date is two years
from the particular vesting date.  
 (2) The total of unexercised options of 150,000 including the
exercisable of 93,750 and unexercisable of 56,250 is subject to equal monthly
vesting over two years commencing June 25, 2015 and the expiry date is two years
from the particular vesting date.  
  LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANS   
 Employees of the Company are able to contribute up to 5% of
their annual salary into a pool which is matched equally by the Company.
Independent directors are able to contribute a maximum of $12,500 each, for a
combined maximum annual purchase of $25,000. The maximum annual combined
contributions will be $400,000. Money in the pool will be used to purchase
shares out of the market on a semi-monthly basis for the year ended August 31,
2016. All purchases will be made through the Exchange by a third party plan
agent and no purchases will be made on the OTC or German exchanges. The third
party plan agent will also be responsible for the administration of the Plan on
behalf of Destiny and the participants. Additionally, we have registered stock
option plans.  
  COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS   
 Our directors are reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses in connection with attendance at Board of Director and committee
meetings. In addition, our directors are eligible for grants of options to
purchase shares of our common stock at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 The following table summarizes compensation paid to all of our
directors:  
 55 

Name    
      Fees Earned or   
       Paid in Cash 
        ($)   
      Stock   
       Awards    ($)      
      Option   
       Awards 
        ($)   
      All Other   
       Compensation 
        ($) (1)    
      
     Total    ($)    
   
     Yoshitaro Kumagai   
     Nil   
     Nil   
     Nil   
     Nil   
     Nil    
   
     Haig Bagerdjian   
     Nil   
     Nil   
     Nil   
     Nil   
     Nil    
   
     Edward Kolic   
     Nil   
     Nil   
     Nil   
     Nil   
     Nil     

(1)  
     
       All other compensation for Mr. Bagerdjian includes
      participation in the employee share purchase plan described above under
      long term incentive plans.     

ITEM 12.   
      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN 
       BENEFICIAL   OWNERS   AND   MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
      STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.     

 The following table sets forth certain information concerning
the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of November 28,
2016 by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five
percent (5%) of any class of our voting securities, (ii) each of our directors
and each of our named executive officers, and (iii) officers and directors as a
group. Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed possess sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares shown.  

*    Less than one
percent (1%)  

(1)  
     
       Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner
      of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any
      contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or
      shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the
      voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to
      dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed
      to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons
      share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In
      addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the
      person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of
      an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is
      provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount
      of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of such shares
      beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of
      these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding
      shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect
      the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number
      of shares of common stock actually outstanding on November 28, 2016. As of
      November 28, 2016, there were 55,013,874 shares of our common stock issued
  and outstanding.    
 56 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION   
 We have two equity compensation plans, namely our Amended 2006
Stock Option Plan and the 2015 Stock Option Plan, under which up to 7,750,000
shares of our common stock, have been authorized for issuance to our officers,
directors, employees and consultants. Our plans have not been approved by the
Company s stockholders. The following summary information is presented for our
plans on an aggregate basis as of August 31, 2016.  

Number of Securities to be
       Issued Upon Exercise of  Outstanding Options,  Warrants and
      Rights   
      
       Weighted-Average Exercise
       Price of Outstanding  Options, Warrants and  Rights   
     Number of Securities  
      Remaining Available
      for  Future Issuance Under  Equity Compensation Plans  (Excluding
      Securities  Reflected in column (a))    
   
     Plan Category   
     (a)   
     (b)   
     (c)    
   
     Equity Compensation Plans  
      Approved By Security  Holders
      
     Not Applicable   
     Not Applicable   
     Not Applicable    
   
     Equity Compensation Plans  
      Not Approved By Security  Holders
        
     950,000 Shares  
      of Common Stock          
     $0.40 per Share   
     2,053,181 Shares of  
    Common Stock           
   
     Total   
     950,000 Shares  
      of Common Stock

2,053,181 Shares of  
      Common Stock

57 

ITEM 13.        CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.  
 Except as described under  Item 12. Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  and
under  Item 11. Executive Compensation , and under note 8 of the financial
statements, none of the following persons has any direct or indirect material
interest in any transaction to which we were or are a party during the past two
years, or in any proposed transaction to which the Company proposes to be a
party:  

(A)  
     
       any director or officer;   

(B)  
     
       any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly,
      shares carrying more than 5% of the voting rights attached to our common
      stock; or   

(C)  
     
       any immediate family member of any of the foregoing
      persons.    
  SHARE ISSUANCES   
 None.  
 Mr Bagerdjian, is an independent director. Mr. Vestergaard is
our Chief Executive Officer and is not viewed as an independent director of the
Company. 
  ITEM 14.        PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.   
  Audit Fees   
 Our current sole principal independent registered public
accountant, BDO Canada LLP, provided audit and other services during the year
ended August 31, 2016 and the year ended August 31, 2015 as follows:  

Audit Fees . This category
includes the fees for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements
and the quarterly reviews of interim financial statements. This category also
includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during or as a result
of the audit or the review of interim financial statements and services in
connection with SEC filings.  
  Audit Related Fees . There were
no other audit related fees paid to BDO Canada LLP.  
  Tax Fees . This category includes
the fees for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and
tax planning.  
  All Other Fees . There were no
other fees paid to BDO Canada LLP.  
 58 

Effective May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission
adopted rules that require that before BDO Canada LLP is engaged by the Company
or its subsidiaries to render any auditing or permitted non-audit service, the
engagement be:  
 - approved by the Company's audit
committee; or  - entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and
procedures established by the audit committee, provided the policies and
procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is
informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include
delegation of the audit committee's responsibilities under the Exchange Act to
management.  
 The audit committee requires advance approval of all audit,
audit-related, tax, and non-audit and other services performed by the
independent auditor. Unless the specific service has been previously
pre-approved with respect to that year, the audit committee must approve the
permitted service before the independent auditor is engaged to perform it. The
audit committee has delegated to the chair of the audit committee authority to
approve permitted services provided that the chair reports any decisions to the
committee at its next scheduled meeting.  
 Of the total aggregate fees paid by us to our accountants
during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, 100% and 100% of the
aggregate fees, respectively, were approved by the audit committee pursuant to
the  de minimis  exception provided by Section (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of
Regulations S-X.  
 The audit committee has considered the nature and amount of the
fees billed by BDO Canada LLP, and believes that the provision of the services
for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining BDO Canada
LLP's independence.  
  PART IV   
  ITEM 15.      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES. LIST OF DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THE REPORT  
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(a)(1)   
  Financial Statements:     

1.  
     
       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
      BDO Canada LLP;   

2.  
     
       Consolidated Balance Sheets;   

3.  
     
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income;   

4.  
     
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows;   

5.  
     
       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
      Equity; and   

6.  
     
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial
  Statements.     

(a)(2)   
      Financial Statement Schedules:    

(a)(3)   
      Exhibits:      

3.1  
     
       Amended Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 3(I) to our Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement
      on Form 10SB12G filed on April 24, 2000).   

3.2  
     
       Amended and Restated Bylaws.    
 59 

* 
     Filed herewith   

Management contract or
      compensatory plan or arrangement    
 60 

SIGNATURES   
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  DESTINY MEDIA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   

By:  
     /s/ Steven Vestergaard 

Steven Vestergaard, President  

Chief Executive Officer and
      Director  

Date: November 29, 2016  

/s/ Frederick Vandenberg 

Frederick Vandenberg, Chief
      Financial Officer  

Date: November 29, 2016  
         
  POWER OF ATTORNEY   
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS that each individual whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Steven Vestergaard and
Frederick Vandenberg, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full
power of substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and
agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all
intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

By:  
     /s/ Steven Vestergaard 

Steven Vestergaard, President  

Chief Executive Officer,
      President and Director  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 29, 2016  

By:  
     /s/Frederick Vandenberg 

Frederick Vandenberg, Chief
      Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and
      Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date: November 29, 2016  

By:  
     /s/ Haig Bagerdjian 

Haig Bagerdjian  

Director  

Date: November 29, 2016  
         
 61 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Destiny Media Technologies Inc. - Exhibit 21.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 21.1   
   
  SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT   

Name of Subsidiary   
      Jurisdiction    

Destiny Software Productions Inc. *  
     British Columbia, Canada   

MPE Distribution, Inc.  
     Nevada, United States

*  
     
       Destiny Software Productions Inc. has one wholly-owned
      subsidiary named Sonox Digital Inc. It was incorporated under the laws of
      British Columbia, Canada.    

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Destiny Media Technologies Inc. - Exhibit 23.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8, (No. 333-133552, No. 333-114904, and No. 333-100161) of Destiny Media Technologies Inc. of our report dated November 28, 2016 relating to the consolidated financial statements  which appears in this Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended August 31, 2016.  
   
 /s/ BDO CANADA LLP  
 Vancouver, Canada  
November 28, 2016  
   
  BDO Canada LLP, a Canadian limited liability partnership, is a member of BDO International Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member firms.  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Destiny Media Technologies Inc. - Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATIONS   
 I, Steven Vestergaard, certify that:  
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Destiny
Media Technologies Inc.;  
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;  
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 (4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

(d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
      control over financial reporting; and    
 (5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.  
 Date: November 29, 2016  
  /s/Steven Vestergaard   [Signature]    Chief
Executive Officer (principal executive officer)    [Title]
___________________ 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Destiny Media Technologies Inc. - Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS   
 I, Frederick Vandenberg, certify that:  
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Destiny
Media Technologies Inc.;  
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;  
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 (4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

(c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

(d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
      control over financial reporting; and    
 (5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.  
 Date: November 29, 2016  
  /s/Frederick Vandenberg   [Signature]    Chief
Financial Officer (principal financial officer)    [Title]
_______________________        

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Destiny Media Technologies Inc. - Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER    PURSUANT
TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
 I, Steven Vestergaard, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Destiny Media Technologies, Inc. for the year
ended August 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the
information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Destiny
Media Technologies, Inc..  

By:  
     /s/ Steven Vestergaard   

Name:  
     STEVEN VESTERGAARD   

Title:  
     Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  
     November 29, 2016

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Destiny Media Technologies Inc. - Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER    PURSUANT
TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    
   
 I, Frederick Vandenberg, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Destiny Media Technologies, Inc. for the year
ended August 31, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the
information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Destiny
Media Technologies, Inc..  

By:  
     /s/ Frederick Vandenberg   

Name:  
     FREDERICK VANDENBERG   

Title:  
     Chief Financial Officer   

Date:  
     November 29, 2016

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 dsny-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 dsny-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 dsny-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 dsny-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 dsny-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 dsny-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

