<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1494162_0001295345-16-000784_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1001049</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>60173</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>91761</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>198751</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>310536</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>313343</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001295345-16-000784.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121172304
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001295345-16-000784
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KinerjaPay Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001494162
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				421771817
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55081
		FILM NUMBER:		162011149

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		J1 MULTATULI NO. 8A
		CITY:			MEDAN
		STATE:			K8
		ZIP:			20151
		BUSINESS PHONE:		62-819-6016-168

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		J1 MULTATULI NO. 8A
		CITY:			MEDAN
		STATE:			K8
		ZIP:			20151

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOLARFLEX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100614

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001295345-16-000784.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 kpay09302016.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
   ___________________ 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 ___________________  

   &#253  
       QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016  

Commission
File Number: 0-55081 

K  inerja  P  ay   C  orp.    

(Exact
name of small business issuer as specified in its charter) 

Registrant's
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: +62-819-6016-168  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   &#120   No   &#168   
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes   x   No   &#168     

  Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer   (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)   or a smaller
reporting company  .  

On
November 21, 2016,
the Registrant had 8,227,013 shares of common stock outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS    

Item  

Description  
     
      Page  

PART
    I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   
      
      3  

ITEM 2.  

MANAGEMENT'S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND PLAN OF OPERATIONS.   
      
      12  

ITEM 3.  

QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   
      
      14  

ITEM 4.  

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   
      
      14  

PART
    II - OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   
      
      14  

ITEM 1A.  

RISK FACTORS.   
      
      14  

ITEM 2.  

UNREGISTERED
    SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   
      
      14  

ITEM 3.  

DEFAULT UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   
      
      14  

ITEM 4.  

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE.   
      
      15  

ITEM 5.  

OTHER INFORMATION.   
      
      15  

ITEM 6.  

EXHIBITS.   
      
      15  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  Back to Table of Contents   

KINERJAPAY CORP. 
(formerly Solarflex Corp.)  
 Notes to Unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements  
  Back to Table of Contents   

1.  The Company and Significant Accounting Policies   
	  Organizational Background  
	 KinerjaPay Corp. ( Kinerja  or the  Company ) is a Delaware corporation
	and has not commenced operations. The Company was incorporated under the
	laws of the State of Delaware on February 12, 2010. The business plan of the
	Company was to develop a commercial application of the design in a patent of
	a  Solar element and method of manufacturing the same . On November 10, 2015
	this plan was abandoned and all related contracts and agreements rescinded.  
	 On December 1, 2015, the Company entered into a license agreement with PT
	Kinerja Indonesia, an entity organized under the laws of Indonesia and
	controlled by Mr. Ng ( PT Kinerja ), for an exclusive, world-wide license to
	use and commercially exploit certain technology and intellectual property
	and its website, KinerjaPay.com. Pursuant to the License Agreement, the
	Company was granted the exclusive, world-wide rights to the KinerjaPay IP,
	an e-commerce platform that provides users with the convenience of e-wallet
	service for bill transfer and online shopping and is among the first portals
	to allow users the convenience to top-up phone credit. In conjunction with
	the agreement the company changed its name from Solarflex Corp. to
	KinerjaPay Corp. On April 6, 2016, P.T. Kinerja Pay Indonesia a subsidiary
	was organized under the laws of Indonesia.  
	 The accompanying financial statements of the Company were prepared from
	the accounts of the Company under the accrual basis of accounting. 
	  Basis of Presentation:    
	 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity
	with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
	America, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern.
	The Company has not established sufficient revenue to cover its operating
	costs, and as such, has incurred an operating loss since inception. Further,
	as of September 30, 2016, the cash resources of the Company were insufficient to
	meet its current business plan. These and other factors raise substantial
	doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The
	accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
	the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of
	assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from
	the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 
	  Principles of Consolidation:  
	 The financial statements include the accounts of KinerjaPay Corp. and its
	wholly owned subsidiary PT KinerjaPay, Indonesia. All significant
	inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
	  Significant Accounting Policies  
	  Use of Estimates:  
	 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
	accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
	assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
	disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
	statement and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
	reporting period. Actual results could differ from the estimates. 
	  Cash and Cash Equivalents:  For financial statement presentation
	purposes, the Company considers those short-term, highly liquid investments
	with original maturities of three months or less to be cash or cash
	equivalents. There were no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and December
	31, 2015. 
	  Property and Equipment:  
	 New property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed
	using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
	assets, generally 5 years. Expenditures for renewals and betterments are
	capitalized. Expenditures for minor items, repairs and maintenance are
	charged to operations as incurred. Gain or loss upon sale or retirement due
	to obsolescence is reflected in the operating results in the period the
	event takes place. 
	  Valuation of Long-Lived Assets:  
	 We review the recoverability of our long-lived assets including
	equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets, when events or changes in
	circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of the asset may
	not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based on our
	ability to recover the carrying value of the asset from the expected future
	pre-tax cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) of the
	related operations. If these cash flows are less than the carrying value of
	such asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between
	estimated fair value and carrying value. Our primary measure of fair value
	is based on discounted cash flows. The measurement of impairment requires
	management to make estimates of these cash flows related to long-lived
	assets, as well as other fair value determinations. 
	  Stock Based Compensation:  
	 Stock-based awards are accounted for using the fair value method in
	accordance with ASC 718, Share-Based Payments. Our primary type of
	share-based compensation consists of stock options. We use the Black-Scholes
	option pricing model in valuing options. The inputs for the valuation
	analysis of the options include the market value of the Company's common
	stock, the estimated volatility of the Company's common stock, the exercise
	price of the warrants and the risk free interest rate. 
	  Accounting For Obligations And Instruments Potentially To Be Settled
	In The Company's Own Stock:  
	 We account for obligations and instruments potentially to be settled in
	the Company's stock in accordance with FASB ASC 815, Accounting for
	Derivative Financial Instruments. This issue addresses the initial balance
	sheet classification and measurement of contracts that are indexed to, and
	potentially settled in, the Company's own stock. 
	  Fair Value of Financial Instruments:  
	 FASB ASC 825,  Financial Instruments,  requires entities to
	disclose the fair value of financial instruments, both assets and
	liabilities recognized and not recognized on the balance sheet, for which it
	is practicable to estimate fair value. FASB ASC 825 defines fair value of a
	financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be
	exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. At September 30, 2016
	and December 31, 2015, the carrying value of certain financial instruments
	(cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses.)
	approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of the instruments or
	interest rates, which are comparable with current rates.  
	  Fair Value Measurements:  
	 The Company measures fair value under a framework that utilizes a
	fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques
	used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to
	unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
	liabilities (level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
	inputs (level 3 measurements). The three levels of inputs which prioritize
	the inputs used in measuring fair value are: 
	 Level 1: Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices
	for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the Company has
	the ability to access.  Level 2: Inputs to the valuation methodology
	include: - Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
	markets; - Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities
	in inactive markets; - Inputs other than quoted prices that are
	observable for the asset or liability; - Inputs that are derived
	principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or
	other means. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual)
	term, the level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term
	of the asset or liability.  Level 3: Inputs to the valuation
	methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 
	The assets or liability's fair value measurement level within the fair value
	hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to
	the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the
	use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The
	following table presents assets that were measured and recognize at fair
	value on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the years then ended on a
	recurring basis: 

Fair Value Measurements at
	September 30, 2016  

Quoted Prices in Active  
      
      Significant Other  
      
      Significant  

Markets for Identical Assets  
      
      Observable Inputs  
      
      Unobservable Inputs  

Total  
      
      (Level 1)  
      
      (Level 2)  
      
      (Level 3)   

None  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  

Total  assets
	and liabilities at fair value  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  

Fair Value Measurements at
	December 31, 2015  

Quoted Prices in Active  
      
      Significant Other  
      
      Significant  

Markets for Identical Assets  
      
      Observable Inputs  
      
      Unobservable Inputs  

Total  
      
      (Level 1)  
      
      (Level 2)  
      
      (Level 3)   

None  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  

Total  assets
	and liabilities at fair value  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  
      $  
      -  

When the Company changes its valuation inputs for measuring financial
	assets and liabilities at fair value, either due to changes in current
	market conditions or other factors, it may need to transfer those assets or
	liabilities to another level in the hierarchy based on the new inputs used.
	The Company recognizes these transfers at the end of the reporting period
	that the transfers occur. For the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
	there were no significant transfers of financial assets or financial
	liabilities between the hierarchy levels. 
	  Revenue Recognition:  
	 Our principal products and services are: (i) our electronic payment
	service ( EPS ) and (ii) our virtual marketplace both of which are available
	on our portal under the domain name KinerjaPay.com. Through our Portal and
	Mobile App we provide EPS to consumers and merchants. Our EPS provides an
	affordable, secure and reliable method to consumers and merchants, as well
	as friends and family, to pay and transfer money using electronic devices
	(e.g., mobile, tablets and personal computers). In addition, consumers,
	merchants and businesses of all sizes can accept payments from merchant
	websites and mobile devices. Our EPS service enables consumers to
	conveniently pay utility bills, phone bills, credit card payments and add
	credit to their cell phone accounts. We developed a proprietary digital
	e-wallet software, which provides users with the ability to complete EPS
	transactions safely and conveniently. The e-wallet acts as an escrow account
	as payments will only be released to the seller once the buyer has received
	the product. We recognize revenue as a percentage the dollar value of each
	at the completed transaction.  
	 We pay transaction fees as follows: (i) 3.9% + $0.30 when senders fund
	payment transactions using PayPal; (ii) no fees when customers fund payment
	transactions by electronic transfer of funds from a bank accounts; and (iii)
	fees of $0.25 to $0.50 per transaction if customers fund payment
	transactions by using a third party payment gateway.  
	  Earnings per Common Share:   
	 We compute net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC
	260, Earning per Share. ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and
	diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic
	EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common
	shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares
	outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all
	dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the
	treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted
	method. In computing Diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is
	used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the
	exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive
	potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive.  
	  Common Stock Split:  
	 On January 15, 2016 we declared a reverse split of our common stock. The
	formula provided that every thirty (30) issued and outstanding shares of
	common stock of the Corporation be automatically split into one (1) share of
	common stock. The reverse split was effective upon receipt of approval from
	FINRA. Except as otherwise noted, all share, option and warrant numbers have
	been restated to give retroactive effect to this split. All per share
	disclosures retroactively reflect post-split shares. 
	  Income Taxes:  
	 We have adopted ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. Pursuant to ASC
	740, we are required to compute tax asset benefits for net operating losses
	carried forward. The potential benefits of net operating losses have not
	been recognized in these financial statements because the Company cannot be
	assured it is more likely than not it will utilize the net operating losses
	carried forward in future years. 
	 We must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax
	expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments
	occur in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities, which arise
	from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax
	and financial statement purposes. 
	 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the
	differences between financial reporting and the tax basis of assets and
	liabilities using the tax rates and laws in effect when the differences are
	expected to reverse. ASC 740 provides for the recognition of deferred tax
	assets if realization of such assets is more likely than not to occur.
	Realization of our net deferred tax assets is dependent upon our generating
	sufficient taxable income in future years in appropriate tax jurisdictions
	to realize benefit from the reversal of temporary differences and from net
	operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards. We have determined it more likely
	than not that these timing differences will not materialize and have
	provided a valuation allowance against substantially all of our net deferred
	tax asset. Management will continue to evaluate the realizability of the
	deferred tax asset and its related valuation allowance. If our assessment of
	the deferred tax assets or the corresponding valuation allowance were to
	change, we would record the related adjustment to income during the period
	in which we make the determination. Our tax rate may also vary based on our
	results and the mix of income or loss in domestic and foreign tax
	jurisdictions in which we operate. 
	 In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with
	uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We recognize
	liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax
	jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and to the extent to which,
	additional taxes will be due. If we ultimately determine that payment of
	these amounts is unnecessary, we will reverse the liability and recognize a
	tax benefit during the period in which we determine that the liability is no
	longer necessary. We will record an additional charge in our provision for
	taxes in the period in which we determine that the recorded tax liability is
	less than we expect the ultimate assessment to be. 
	 ASC 740 which
	requires recognition of estimated income taxes payable or refundable on
	income tax returns for the current year and for the estimated future tax
	effect attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards. Measurement
	of deferred income tax is based on enacted tax laws including tax rates,
	with the measurement of deferred income tax assets being reduced by
	available tax benefits not expected to be realized. 
	  Uncertain Tax Positions:  
	 When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions
	taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while
	others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or
	the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance
	with the guidance of FASB ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax
	Positions, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial
	statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence,
	management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be
	sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or
	litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or
	aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the
	more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest
	amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized
	upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the
	benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount
	measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
	unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
	along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to
	the taxing authorities upon examination. 
	 Our federal and state income tax returns are open for fiscal years ending
	on or after December 31, 2009. We are not under examination by any
	jurisdiction for any tax year. At September 30, 2016 we had no material
	unrecognized tax benefits and no adjustments to liabilities or operations
	were required under FASB ASC 740-10. 
	  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
	 In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued
	Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-03,  Interest-Imputation of
	Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
	Costs.  ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a
	recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct
	deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with
	debt discounts. Currently, debt issuance costs are recognized as deferred
	charges and recorded as other assets. The guidance is effective for annual
	and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption
	permitted and is to be implemented retrospectively. Adoption of the new
	guidance will only affect the presentation of the Company's consolidated
	balance sheets and will have no impact to our financial statements. 
	 Management does not anticipate that the adoption of these standards will
	have a material impact on the financial statements. 
	 The accompanying balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, which was derived
	from audited financial statements, and the unaudited interim financial
	statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
	generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim
	financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q
	and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of
	the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial
	statements. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with
	the audited financial statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended
	December 31, 2015, included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
	covering that period. 
	 The preparation of these financial statements in conformity with
	accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to
	make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
	liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
	assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates,
	including those related intangible assets, income taxes, insurance
	obligations and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on
	historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to
	be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
	for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
	that are not readily apparent from other resources. Actual results may
	differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The
	results of operations for the periods presented are not necessarily
	indicative of the results for the full fiscal year or any future period. 
	 In the opinion of management, the information furnished in these interim
	financial statements reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair statement
	of the financial position and results of operations and cash flows as of and
	for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. All such
	adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. The Financial Statements do
	not include some information and notes necessary to conform to annual
	reporting requirements. 
	  2. Stockholders' Equity  
	 On January 15, 2016, we amended our certificate of incorporation to
	increase authorized capital to include 10 million shares of $.0001 par value
	preferred shares. No preferred shares have been issued.  
	  Transactions in our Common Stock  
	  Stock issued upon conversion of debt:  
	 On February 19, 2016, we issued 30,000 shares of our common stock in
	settlement of $15,750 in accounts payable. The settlement resulted in a loss
	of $9,003. 
	  Stock issued upon completion of Regulation S offering:   
	 Beginning December 2015 we offered for sale common shares through a
	placement of common stock units. Each unit consists of one share of common
	stock and one warrant to purchase common stock. The units are to be sold for
	the offering price of $0.50 per unit. The warrants are exercisable at $1.00
	and expire two years from the date of issuance. The offering calls for a
	minimum of $500,000 to be raised up to a maximum of $2,500,000. As of March
	31, 2016, the offering was completed and shares and warrants were issued.  
	 In August 2016, we offered for sale common shares through a placement of
	common stock units. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one
	warrant to purchase common stock. The units are to be sold for the offering
	price of $0.50 per unit. The warrants are exercisable at $1.00 and expire
	two years from the date of issuance. The offering calls for a minimum of
	$500,000 to be raised up to a maximum of $2,500,000. As of September 30,
	2016, $150,000 has been raised. Until the minimum amount is received, the
	amounts raised will be carried as restricted cash on the balance sheet and
	the Company may be required to refund the amounts raised to date.  
	 We received $804,987 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
	$250,013 in Q4 of 2015 through a placement of common stock units. Each unit
	consists of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase common
	stock. The units were sold for the offering price of $0.50 per unit. The
	warrants are exercisable at $1.00 and expire two years from the date of
	issuance. 
	  Stock Issued for Services:   
	 On February 19, 2016, we issued 1,333,333 shares of our common stock to
	Mr. Ng (an officer and director of the company) individually and as control
	person of PT Kinerja as payment for services as part of a service agreement
	resulting from the license agreement. The shares were valued at the closing
	price as of the date of the agreement ($0.9001) and resulted in full
	recognition of $1,200,133 in consulting services expense.  
	 On June 15, 2016, we issued 300,000 shares of our common stock to an
	unrelated party as payment for a service agreement. The shares were valued
	at the closing price as of the date of the agreement ($0.77) and resulted in
	full recognition of $231,000 in consulting services expense. 
	 On July 29, 2016, we issued 100,000 shares of our common stock to an
	unrelated party as payment for a service agreement. The shares were valued
	at the closing price as of the date of the agreement ($0.77) that was for a
	total of $77,000 offset by
	$1,000 in cash received for the shares. This resulted in full recognition of
	the excess of fair value over cash received of $76,000 that was for a total
	of as consulting
	services expense. 
	  3. Related Party Transactions not Disclosed Elsewhere  
	 On December 1, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with PT
	Kinerja Indonesia, an entity organized under the laws of Indonesia ( PT
	Kinerja ), for an exclusive, world-wide license to use and commercially
	exploit certain KinderjaPay technology and intellectual property. Pursuant
	to the License Agreement and in consideration for the payment of royalties,
	the Company has been granted the exclusive, world-wide rights to the
	KinerjaPay IP, an eCommerce platform that provides users with the
	convenience of e-Wallet service for bill transfer and online shopping having
	advanced functionality and  gamification  features, among others, and is
	among the first portals to allow users the convenience to top-up phone
	credit. Mr. Ng is a control person of PT Kinerja and a controlling
	shareholder and board member of KinerjaPay Corp. PT Kinerja Indonesia
	provides all necessary R D, technical support, procurement/logistic and IT
	operational services and other technology support needed to operate our
	Portal. On December 1, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with PT
	Kinerja Indonesia for an exclusive, world-wide license to use and
	commercially exploit certain KinderjaPay technology and intellectual
	property. The licensing agreement requires a 1% royalty on sales generated
	by the Company. The company plans to conduct operations through its
	subsidiary P.T. Kinerja Pay Indonesia which was formed on April 6, 2016.  
	  4. Going Concern  
	 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity
	with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
	America, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern.
	The Company has not established sufficient revenue to cover its 2016
	operating costs, and as such, has incurred an operating loss since
	inception. Further, as of September 30, 2016, the cash resources of the Company
	were insufficient to meet its current business plan. These and other factors
	raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
	concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
	adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and
	classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
	that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a
	going concern. 
	  5. Subsequent Events  
	 There were no other material subsequent events following the period ended
	September 30, 2016 and throughout the date of the filing of Form 10-Q.  

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATIONS.    
 Back to Table of Contents   

 As used in this Form 10-Q, references to the  KinerjaPay,  Company,   we,   our  or
 us  refer to KinerjaPay Corp.
Unless the context otherwise indicates. 

The following plan of operation provides information which management
believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and
financial condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and
notes thereto. This section includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect
our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking
statements are often identified by words like believe, expect, estimate, anticipate,
intend, project and similar expressions, or words which refer to future
events. These
forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from our predictions.    Plan of Operations  

		 The Company was incorporated in Delaware on February 12, 2010 under the
	name Solarflex Corp. for the purpose of developing, manufacturing and
	selling a solar photovoltaic element, a device that converts light into
	electrical flow (also known as a photovoltaic cell) based on certain
	proprietary technology to enable an increase in solar energy conversion and
	provide energy at a lower cost. We did not generate any revenues from the sale of any solar
	photovoltaic element, nor did we successfully manufacturer or construct a
	working prototype. We
	determined during the 4th quarter of 2015 to evaluate potential business
	opportunities. 
	 On December 1, 2015, the Company entered into a license agreement (the
	 License Agreement ) with PT Kinerja Indonesia, an entity organized under
	the laws of Indonesia and controlled by Mr. Ng ( PT Kinerja ), for an
	exclusive, world-wide license to use and commercially exploit certain
	technology and intellectual property (the  KinerjaPay IP ) and its website,
	KinerjaPay.com. Pursuant to the License Agreement, the Company was granted
	the exclusive, world-wide rights to the KinerjaPay IP, an e-commerce
	portal. 
	 
	In connection with the License Agreement, we agreed to: (i) change the name
	of the Company from Solarflex Corp to KinerjaPay Corp.; (ii) implement a
	reverse split of our common stock on a one-for-thirty (1:30) basis; and
	raise equity capital in the minimum offering amount of $500,000 and the
	maximum offering amount of $2,500,000 through the offering of units at a
	price of $0.50, each Unit, each consisting of 1 share of common stock
	(post-reverse) and 1 class A warrant exercisable for a period of 24 months
	to purchase 1 additional share of common stock (post-reverse) at $1.00. The
	Unit Offering was made only to  accredited investors  who are not U.S.
	Persons in reliance upon Regulation S promulgated by the SEC under the
	Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ). On January 20, 2016, the
	Company closed the Minimum Offering after it received subscription proceeds
	in excess of $500,000. To date, we have raised $655,981 under the Unit
	Offering, while the Unit Offering is continuing. 

In August 2016, we offered for sale common shares through a placement of
	common stock units. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one
	warrant to purchase common stock. The units are to be sold for the offering
	price of $0.50 per unit. The warrants are exercisable at $1.00 and expire
	two years from the date of issuance. The offering calls for a minimum of
	$500,000 to be raised up to a maximum of $2,500,000. As of September 30,
	2016, $150,000 has been raised. Until the minimum amount is received, the
	amounts raised will be carried as restricted cash on the balance sheet and
	the Company may be required to refund the amounts raised to date.  

On October 14, 2016, we filed an S-1A registration statement to register
	1,450,000 shares of Common Stock currently held by shareholders.  
	 
	We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of Common Stock by the
	Selling Shareholders. All of the net proceeds from the sale of our Common
	Stock will go to the Selling Shareholders. We have agreed to bear the
	expenses relating to the registration of the Common Stock for the Selling
	Shareholders. The Selling Shareholders may sell their shares in the
	over-the-counter market or otherwise, at market prices prevailing at the
	time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, or at
	negotiated prices. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of Common
	Stock by the Selling Shareholders. The Common Stock to be sold by the
	Selling Shareholder is Common Stock that is currently issued. Accordingly,
	there will be no dilution to our existing shareholders 
	 As of March 10, 2016, the Company's name change to KinerjaPay Corp.
	and its one-for-thirty reverse stock split became effective. The Company's
	shares of common stock are subject to quotation on the OTCQB market under
	the symbol KPAY. 
	 Our principal products and services are (i) our
	electronic payment service (the  EPS  and (ii) our virtual marketplace
	(the  Marketplace ) both of which
	are available on our portal under the domain name KinerjaPay.com (the
	 Portal ).
	 
		 Our Android-based mobile app not only
	serves as an extension of desktop or laptop access to our website, but has additional
	in-app services that cater to mobile users, such as social engagement and
	digital entertainment (the  Mobile App ).  
	We believe that in  
	combining our EPS function  ( PAY ) with the ability to buy and sell products via our
	virtual marketplace ( Buy ) enhanced by a
	 gamification component ( Play )
	our customers and merchants increase their loyalty to our
	services.     
	 
	 Indonesia, the world's fourth most-populous country, having a population
	estimated to be 255 million people, is becoming an economic
	power in the Southeast Asia region. Over 50% of its population is below the
	age of 30 and we believe that the young Indonesian population is highly adaptive to
	new technology. The rise of Smartphones and tablets that sell for less than US$100 is rapidly
	broadening internet access and pushing the Indonesian e-commerce
	market toward a critical point in terms of scale and profitability, in spite
	of significant challenges due to poor infrastructure and payment systems. The number of internet users is excepted to double to
	125 million by 2017 and Smartphone ownership is to rise from 20 per cent to
	52 per cent in the same period,  the
	highest percentage compared to other Southeast Asian countries,

according to Redwing, an advisory group. 
	  
	 Notwithstanding
our belief that our Portal represents a significant advance as compared to other
	Indonesian portals, there are a number of potential difficulties that we might face,
including the following:  
	  &#159  We may not be able to raise sufficient additional funds
	to fully implement our business plan and grow our business;  &#159  Competitors may develop
	alternatives that render our Portal services redundant or
	unnecessary;  &#159  Our
	proprietary technology may be shown to have characteristics that may render
	it insufficient for our business;   &#159  Our
	Portal may not become widely accepted by consumers and merchants; and  &#159  Strict,
	new government regulations and
	inappropriate e-commerce policies, especially in an emerging economy such as
	Indonesia, may
	hinder the growth of the e-commerce market. 
	 
	 To date, we raised $804,987 in equity capital and we may be expected to require up to an additional $2.5 million   in capital during the next 12 months to
	fully implement
our business plan and fund our operations.  

Results of Operations during the three months
	ended September 30, 2016 as compared
	to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not generate
	revenues. During
	the three months ended

September 30  , 2016  , we incurred a net loss of $363,588 due to general and administrative expenses of $363,434,
	depreciation expense of $17 and interest expenses of $137.

During
	the three months ended September 30, 2015  , we incurred a net loss of
	$222,292 due to general and administrative expenses
	of $7,174, interest expenses of $3,651,  expenses related to amortization of debt discount of $12,162
	and

expenses related to a loss of  

$199,305 due to extinguishment of debt .

The significant increase in net loss during the three month ended September 30,
	2016 as compared to the same period in the prior year was mainly due to
	increased professional fees and non-cash compensation expenses. 

Results of Operations during the Nine months
	ended September 30, 2016 as compared
	to the Nine months ended September 30, 2015 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not generate
	revenues. During
	the nine months ended

September 30  , 2016  , we incurred a net loss of $2,453,375 due to general and administrative expenses of $2,444,238,
	depreciation expense of $103, interest expenses of $31 and

expenses related to a loss of $9,003 due to conversion of
	debt .
	During
	the nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we incurred a net loss of
	$279,122 due to general and administrative expenses
	of $32,208, interest expenses of $10,551,  expenses related to amortization of debt discount of $37,058
	and

expenses related to a loss of

$199,305 due to extinguishment of debt .

The significant increase in net loss during the nine month ended September 30,
	2016 as compared to the same period in the prior year was mainly due to
	increased professional fees and non-cash compensation expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On September 30, 2016, we had $154,616 in current assets
	represented by $150,000 in restricted cash and $4,616 in prepaid expenses.
	On December 31, 2015, we had $250,194 in current assets consisting of
	$81 in cash and $250,113 in restricted cash. 
	 We had fixed assets of $2,617 as of September 30,
	2016 and $0 as of December 31, 2015. We had total assets of $157,233 as of
	September 30, 2016 and $250,194 as of December 31, 2015. 

As of
	September 30, 2016, we had total current liabilities of $188,339 due to
	accounts payable of $31,230, accrued expenses of $7,109 and $150,000 payable
	due to unissued stock subscriptions.
	 
	 As of December 31, 2015, we had total current liabilities of $274,467
	consisting of $15 in accrued interest, $250,013 in unissued stock
	subscriptions and $24,439 in short-term notes payable. We had no long-term liabilities
	as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

We used $902,428 in our operating activities during the nine months ended
September
30, 2016, which was due to a net loss of $2,453,375 offset by depreciation
expense of $103, a loss on extinguishment of debt of $9,003, non-cash
compensation charges of $1,508,133, an increase in accounts payable of $31,230,
an increase in accrued liabilities of $7,094 and

an increase in prepaid expenses of $4,616.

We used $23,808 in our operating activities during the nine-month period ended
September

30, 2015, which was due to a net loss of $279,122 offset by amortization of debt discount
expenses of $37,058, a non-cash charge related to extinguishment of debt of
$199,305 and an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $18,951.

We had investing activities of $2,720 during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 related to the purchase of fixed assets and no investing activities during the same period in
the prior year.   
 
 We financed our negative cash flow from operations during the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 through the issuance of common stock of $804,987
reduced by payments of $8,689 related to principal payments on debt.
	 We financed our negative cash flow from
operations during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 through proceeds of $23,000
from debt issuance.

Availability of Additional Capital  

Notwithstanding our success in raising $804,987 from the private
	sale of equity securities in 2016 and our expectation that we will
	be successful in raising up to an additional $1.6 million during 2016, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be
	successful in raising equity capital and have adequate capital resources to
	fund our operations or that any additional funds will be available to us
	on favorable
	terms or in amounts required by us.
 
	If we determine that it is necessary to raise additional funds, we may
	choose to do so through public or private equity or debt financing, a bank
	line of credit, or other arrangements.
	 
	If we are unable to obtain adequate
	capital resources to fund operations, we may be required to delay, scale
	back or eliminate some or all of our plan of operations, which may have a
	material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and ability
	to operate as a going concern.  
	 Any additional equity financing may be dilutive
	to our stockholders, new equity securities may have rights, preferences or
	privileges senior to those of existing holders of our shares of common
	stock. Debt or equity financing may subject us to restrictive covenants and
	significant interest costs.  
	  Capital Expenditure Plan During the Next
	Twelve Months  
	 To date, we raised $905,000 in equity capital
	and we may be expected to require up to an additional $2.5 million in
	capital during the next 12 months to fully implement our business plan and
	fund our operations. Our plan is to utilize the equity capital that we
	raise, together with anticipated cash flow from operations, to fund a very
	significant investment in sales and marketing, concentration principally on
	online advertising and incentivizing existing customers for the introduction
	of new customers, among other strategies. However, there can be no assurance
	that: (i) we will continue to be successful in raising equity capital in
	sufficient amounts and/or at terms and conditions satisfactory to the
	Company; or (ii) we will generate sufficient revenues from operations, to
	fulfill our plan of operations. Our revenues are expected to come from the
	sale of our portal services. As a result, we will continue to incur
	operating losses unless and until we are able to generate sufficient cash
	flow to meet our operating expenses and fund our planned sales and market
	efforts. There can be no assurance that the market will adopt our portal or
	that we will generate sufficient cash flow to fund our enhanced sales and
	marketing plan. In the event that we are not able to successfully: (i) raise
	equity capital and/or debt financing; or (ii) market and significantly
	increase the number of portal users and revenues from such users, our
	financial condition and results of operations will be materially and
	adversely affected and we will either have to delay or curtail our plan for
	funding our sales and marketing efforts. 
	 
	 Going Concern Consideration  Our registered independent auditors have issued an opinion on our financial statements which includes a statement describing our going concern status. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next
	twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills and meet our other financial obligations. This is because we have not generated any revenues and no revenues are anticipated until we begin marketing the product. Accordingly, we must raise capital from sources other than the actual sale of the product. We must raise capital to implement our project and stay in business. 

ITEM 3.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK.   
  Back to Table of Contents   A smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, is not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

   ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   
  Back to Table of Contents   

Evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures.   
	 As of
	September 30, 2016, the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial
	officer conducted an evaluation regarding the effectiveness of the Company's
	disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or
	15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.  
	 
	Based upon the evaluation of these controls and procedures as provided under
	the  Committee of Sponsoring
	Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
	Framework (2013) , our chief executive officer and chief financial
	officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
	ineffective as September 30, 2016.  
	Management has identified corrective actions to address the weaknesses and
	plans to implement them during the fourth quarter of 2016.    
	  Changes
		in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
	 There were no changes in
		the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the
		period covered by this report, which were identified in connection with
		management's evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and
		15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are
		reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control
		over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

   ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   
  Back to Table of Contents   

 There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any
director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more
than 5% of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party
adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. The
Company s property is not the subject of any pending legal proceedings. 

   ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.   
  Back to Table of Contents   

 A smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, is not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES UND USE OF PROCEEDS.   
  Back to Table of Contents   

In July 2016, we issued 100,000 shares of our common stock to an
	unrelated party as payment for a service agreement. The shares were valued
	at the closing price as of the date of the agreement ($0.77) and offset by
	$1,000 in cash received for the shares. This resulted in full recognition of
	the excess of fair value over cash received of $76,000 as consulting
	services expense.  
	 
	 Share based payment transactions were accounted for in accordance with the
	requirements of ASC 505-50 Equity Based Payments to Non Employees. Paragraph
	505-50-30-6 establishes that share-based payment transactions with
	non-employees shall be measured at the fair value of the consideration
	received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is
	more reliably measurable. The Company measured share-based payment
	transactions at the fair value of the shares issued at date of grant, the
	Company believes that the value of the shares is more reliably measurable. 
	 The Company believes
that the issuances and sale of the restricted shares were exempt from
registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Act as privately negotiated,
isolated, non-recurring transactions not involving any public solicitation. The
recipients in each case represented their intention to acquire the securities
for investment only and not with a view to the distribution thereof. Appropriate
restrictive legends are affixed to the stock certificates issued in such
transactions. All recipients of restricted shares either received adequate
information about the Company or had access, through employment, relation and/or
business relationships with the Company to such information.  

ITEM 3. DEFAULT UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES.    
 Back to Table of Contents   

 None. 

   ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 
   Back to Table of Contents   

 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.   
   Back to Table of Contents   

 None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.   
  Back to Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance
with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Signature
			 
			  Title 
			  Date 

/s/
			Edwin Witarsa Ng   
			  Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer) 

November 21,
			2016 

Edwin Witarsa Ng 

/s/ Budi Sidarta Pranata  

Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

November 21,
			2016 

Budi Sidarta Pranata 

In accordance
with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title 

Date 

/s/    Edwin Witarsa Ng  

Chairman of the Board
			and CEO 

November 21,
			2016 

Edwin Witarsa Ng 

<EX-31>
 2
 exh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION  

I, Edwin Witarsa Ng, certify that:   

  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report of KinerjaPay Corp.;   

  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the  issuer as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report;  

  4. As the issuer's certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as 4efined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the  issuer and have:   

  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the  issuer, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared;  

  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;  

  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the  issuer's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the  issuer's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the  issuer's most recent
fiscal quarter (the  issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer's
internal control over financial reporting; and  

  5. As the issuer's certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the issuer's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions if applicable):   

  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the  issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and  

  (b) Any fraud, whether r not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the  issuer's internal control over
financial reporting.  

  Date: November 21, 2016  

  /s/ Edwin Witarsa Ng 
CEO  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 exh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION  

I,  
 
Budi Sidarta Pranata  , certify that:   

  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report of KinerjaPay Corp.;   

  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the  issuer as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report;  

  4. As the issuer's certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as 4efined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the  issuer and have:   

  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the  issuer, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared;  

  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;  

  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the  issuer's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the  issuer's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the  issuer's most recent
fiscal quarter (the  issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer's
internal control over financial reporting; and  

  5. As the issuer's certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer's
auditors and the audit committee of the issuer's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions if applicable):   

  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the  issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and  

  (b) Any fraud, whether r not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the  issuer's internal control over
financial reporting.  

  Date: November 21, 2016  

  /s/  
 
Budi Sidarta Pranata   
CFO  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 exh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32 

Exhibit 32  

  CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

  In
connection with the quarterly report of KinerjaPay Corp. (the  Company ) on Form
10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I,   

Edwin Witarsa Ng    , CEO of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

  1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

  /s/

Edwin Witarsa Ng    

Edwin Witarsa Ng   
CEO 
Dated: November 21, 2016  

  A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to KinerjaPay Corp. and will be
retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 exh32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32 

Exhibit 32  

  CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

  In
connection with the quarterly report of KinerjaPay Corp. (the  Company ) on Form
10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I,

Budi Sidarta Pranata  , CFO of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

  1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

  /s/

Budi Sidarta Pranata    

Budi Sidarta Pranata   
CFO 
Dated: November 21, 2016  

  A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to KinerjaPay Corp. and will be
retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 kpay-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kpay-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kpay-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kpay-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kpay-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kpay-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

