<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161013_10-K_edgar_data_316253_0000930413-16-008464_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8680688</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>431851</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>560187</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2383343</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3422987</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1656197</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>190</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000930413-16-008464.hdr.sgml : 20161013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013171435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930413-16-008464
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENZO BIOCHEM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000316253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		IRS NUMBER:				132866202
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09974
		FILM NUMBER:		161935474

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 EXECUTIVE BLVD
		CITY:			FARMINGDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11735
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5167555500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ENZO BIOCHEM INC
		STREET 2:		60 EXECUTIVE BLVD
		CITY:			FARMINGDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11735

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000930413-16-008464.txt : 20161013

10-K
 1
 c86264_10k.htm

UNITED
STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, DC 20549  

FORM 10-K  

(Mark one)  

For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 

 or 

For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 

Commission File Number 001-09974 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.   

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:  

(Title of Each Class)  
       
      (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered)   
 
      Common Stock, $.01 par value  
       
      The New York Stock Exchange   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

  Yes   o     No   x  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

  Yes
  o     No   x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

  Yes
  x     No   o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
  x     No   o  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K 

  Yes
  x     No   o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
    o  
      Accelerated filer  
    x  
      Non-accelerated filer  
    o  
      Smaller Reporting Company  
    o   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act of 1934). Yes   o     No   x  

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $202,791,000 as of January 31, 2016. 

The number of shares of the Company s common stock, $.01
par value, outstanding at October 1, 2016 was 46,267,619. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to
shareholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on or about January 5, 2017 are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this annual report. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

Description   
       Page    

Part I    

Item 1.   
       Business   
      2   
 
       Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      24   
 
       Item 1B.   
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      38   
 
       Item 2.   
       Properties   
      38   
 
       Item 3.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      39   
 
       Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      40   

Part II    

Item 5.   
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      41   
 
       Item 6.   
       Selected Financial Data   
      43   
 
       Item 7.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      44   
 
       Item 7A.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      56   
 
       Item 8.   
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      57   
 
       Item 9.   
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      57   
 
       Item 9A.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      57   
 
       Item 9B.   
       Other Information   
      60   

Part III    

Item 10.   
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      60   
 
       Item 11.   
       Executive Compensation   
      60   
 
       Item 12.   
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      60   
 
       Item 13.   
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      60   
 
       Item 14.   
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
      60   

Part IV    

Item 15.   
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
      60   

List of Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statements Schedule   
      F-1   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
      F-2   

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      F-3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      F-4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (loss)   
      F-5   

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity   
      F-6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      F-7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      F-8   

Schedule II - Valuation Accounts and Qualifying Accounts   
      S-1   

PART I  

Item 1.  Business  

Overview  

Enzo Biochem, Inc. (the  Company   we ,
 our  or  Enzo ) is a vertically integrated growth-oriented bioscience company focusing on delivering and
applying advanced technology capabilities to produce affordable reliable products and services to allow our customers to meet their
clinical needs. We develop, manufacture and sell our proprietary technology solutions and platforms to clinical laboratories, specialty
clinics and researchers and physicians globally. Enzo s structure and business strategy represents the culmination of years
of extensive planning and work. The Company now has the unique ability to offer low cost, high performance products and services
in molecular diagnostics, which ideally positions it to capitalize on the reimbursement pressures facing diagnostic labs. Our pioneering
work in genomic analysis coupled with our extensive patent estate and enabling platforms have positioned the Company to continue
to play an important role in the rapidly growing molecular medicine marketplaces. 

Enzo technology solutions and platforms and unique operational
structure is designed to reduce overall healthcare costs to both government and private insurers.  Our
proprietary technology platforms reduces our customers  need for multiple, specialized instruments, and offer a variety of
throughput capabilities together with a demonstrated high level of accuracy and reproducibility. Our genetic test panels are focused
on large and growing markets primarily in the areas of personalized medicine, women s health, infectious diseases and genetic
disorders.  

For example, our AMPIPROBE  technology platform can lead
to the development of an entire line of nucleic acid clinical products that can allow laboratories to offer a complete menu of
services at a cost that allows them to enjoy an acceptable margin. Our technology solutions provide tools to physicians, clinicians
and other health care providers to improve detection, treatment and monitoring of a broad spectrum of diseases and conditions. 
 In addition, reduced patient to physician office visits translates into lower healthcare processing costs and greater patient
services. 

In the course of our research and development activities, we
have built a substantial portfolio of intellectual property assets, comprising 314 issued patents worldwide, and over 146 pending
patent applications, along with extensive enabling technologies and platforms. 

Operating Segments  

We are comprised of three interconnected operating segments
which have evolved out of our core competencies involving the use of nucleic acids as informational molecules and the use of compounds
for immune modulation and augmented by the previous acquisitions of a number of related companies. Information concerning sales
by geographic area and business segments for the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is located in Note 15 in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Below are brief descriptions of each of our operating segments: 

Enzo Clinical Labs   is a clinical reference laboratory
providing a wide range of clinical services to physicians, medical centers, other clinical labs and pharmaceutical companies. The
Company believes having a College of American Pathologists ( CAP ) certified medical laboratory located in New York
provides us the opportunity to more rapidly introduce cutting edge products and services to the clinical marketplace. Enzo Clinical
Labs offers an extensive menu of molecular and other clinical laboratory tests or procedures used in patient care by physicians
to establish or support a diagnosis, monitor treatment or medication, and search for an otherwise undiagnosed condition. Our laboratory
is equipped with state of the art communication and connectivity solutions enabling the rapid transmission, analysis and interpretation
of generated data. We operate a full service clinical laboratory in Farmingdale, New York, a network of over 30 patient service
centers throughout New York and New Jersey, a free standing  STAT  or rapid response laboratory in New York City and
a full service phlebotomy, in-house logistics department, and information technology department. Given our license in New York
State, we are able to offer testing services to clinical laboratories and physicians in the majority of states nationwide. 

Enzo Life Sciences   manufactures, develops and
markets products and tools to clinical research, drug development and bioscience research customers worldwide. Underpinned by broad
technological capabilities, Enzo Life Sciences has developed proprietary products used in the identification of genomic information
by laboratories around the world. Information regarding our technologies can be found in the  Core Technologies  section.
We are internationally recognized and acknowledged as a leader in the development, manufacturing validation and commercialization
of numerous products serving not only the clinical research market but life sciences researchers in the fields of cellular analysis
and drug discovery, among others. Our operations are supported by global operations allowing for the efficient marketing and delivery
of our products around the world. 

Enzo Therapeutics   is a biopharmaceutical venture
that has developed multiple novel approaches in the areas of gastrointestinal, infectious, ophthalmic and metabolic diseases, many
of which are derived from the pioneering work of Enzo Life Sciences. Enzo Therapeutics has focused its efforts on developing treatment
regimens for diseases and conditions for which current treatment options are ineffective, costly, and/or cause unwanted side effects.
This focus has generated a clinical and preclinical pipeline, as well as more than 115 patents and patent applications. 

The Company s primary sources of revenue have historically
been from the clinical laboratory services provided to the healthcare community and product revenues and royalty and licensing
of Life Sciences  products utilized in life science research. The following table summarizes the sources of revenues for
the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in thousands and percentages): 

Markets  

Clinical diagnostics  

The U.S. clinical diagnostics market has been reported by industry
sources to be greater than $23 billion annually and over $46 billion worldwide. It is comprised of a broad range of tests based
on clinical chemistry, microbiology, immunoassays, genomics, proteomics, gene expression profiling blood banking, and cancer screening
assays through histology as well as newer body fluid based approaches. Many of these tests employ traditional technologies such
as cell culture technologies. 

Immunoassays are based on the use of antibodies directed against
a specific target, or antigen, to detect that antigen in a patient sample. Cell culturing techniques involve the growth, isolation
and visual detection of the presence of a microorganism and often its susceptibility to FDA approved drugs. 

There are several drawbacks to these more traditional technologies.
Immunoassays do not allow for early detection of diseases because they require minimum levels of antigens to be produced by the
microorganism in order to be identified. These levels vary by microorganism, and the delay involved could be several days or several
months, as seen in HIV/AIDS. Cell cultures are slow, labor intensive and not amenable to all microorganisms. For example, gonorrhoea
and chlamydia are difficult to culture. 

Molecular-based diagnostics have many advantages over the traditional
technologies. Since gene-based diagnostics focus on the identification of diseases at the cellular level, they can identify the
presence of the disease at its earliest stage of manifestation in the body. These tests provide results more rapidly, are applicable
to a broad spectrum of microorganisms and can easily be automated in a multiplex platform. 

Several advances in technology are accelerating the adoption
of gene-based diagnostics in clinical laboratories. These advances include high throughput automated formats that minimize labor
costs, non-radioactive probes and reagents that are safe to handle, and amplification technologies that improve the sensitivity
of such diagnostics. 

According to industry sources, the market for molecular diagnostic
tools, assays and other products is currently more than $7 billion per year, and is acknowledged as one of the fastest growing
segments in the in-vitro diagnostic industry, growing at more than twice the rate of traditional diagnostics. Contributing to this
growth is, among other factors: 

the increasing number of diagnostic tests being developed from discoveries in genome research;   

advances in formats and other technologies that automate and accelerate gene-based diagnostic testing;   

growing emphasis by the health care industry on early diagnosis and treatment of disease and;   

application of gene-based diagnostics as tools to match therapies to specific patient genetics commonly referred to as pharmacogenomics or companion diagnostics.   

Diagnostic Products and Tools  

There is a large and growing global demand by biomedical and
pharmaceutical researchers for research and diagnostic tools that both facilitate and accelerate the generation of biological information.
This demand can be met by gene and protein target based diagnostics for which a variety of formats, or tools, have been developed
that enable researchers to study biological pathways. These tools can identify mutations in gene sequences and variations in gene
expression levels that can lead to disease, or they can quantify biomarkers that provide insight to disease and potential therapeutic
solutions. These techniques use instruments including DNA sequencing and genotyping instruments, microarrays, fluorescent microscopes,
high content screening systems, flow cytometers and plate readers. Common among these instruments is the need for reagents that
allow the identification, quantification and characterization, and interactions of specific genes or nucleic acid sequences, proteins,
cells and other cellular structures and organelles. 

We believe this market will continue to grow as a result of: 

long term commitment to research spending by academic, government and private organizations to determine the function and clinical relevance of the gene sequences and proteins that have been identified by genome research,   

development of commercial applications based on information derived from this research; and   

on-going advancements in tools that accelerate these research and development activities.   

Therapeutics  

We believe our core technologies have broad diagnostic and therapeutic
applications. We have focused our efforts on discovering how best to treat pathologies associated with bone or metabolic control,
and immune-mediated diseases. Although the cause of disorders such as Crohn s disease, autoimmune uveitis and non-alcoholic
steatohepatitis (NASH) remains unknown, various features suggest immune system involvement in their pathogenesis. 

We continue to test technologies we believe can serve as enabling
platforms for developing medicines that genetically target and inhibit viral functions, as well as medicines that regulate the
immune response. In addition to such therapeutic products, we continue to capitalize on our nucleic acid labelling, target and
signal amplification, and detection technologies and intellectual property to develop diagnostic and monitoring tests for various
diseases. 

We believe our expertise in developing and securing approvals
of novel platform technologies will enable us to shorten the development time and capture meaningful market share. 

Strategy  

Our objective is to develop, manufacture and sell high through-put,
high value and affordable reliable molecular diagnostic products and services using our proprietary technologies to allow our customers
to meet their clinical needs. Our proprietary technology platforms, if successful, will alter the existing business models and
improve economics across the healthcare industry. Our strong intellectual property estate provides freedom to operate and compete
in a rapidly growing molecular diagnostic healthcare marketplace. 

We believe our expertise in developing and marketing proprietary
technology platforms uniquely positions Enzo to provide products and services that will change the fundamental relationship between
molecular diagnostic companies and clinical laboratories. Our technology platforms will provide economic and market optionality
to use Enzo s products and services for margin improvement. As such, clinical laboratories will be able to compete and enter
into markets that until now have been out of reach to do poor economics as a result of high costs of regents and equipment rental
arrangements from molecular diagnostic companies coupled with lower reimbursement from governmental and commercial healthcare companies. 

Our objective allows clinical laboratories to purchase low cost
regents or kits to be run on open system platforms already in use in their labs, or use Enzo as a low cost reference laboratory.
Enzo s integrated business model not only provides benefits to clinical laboratories but insurance providers will benefit
from more clinical laboratories able to compete for testing services with national laboratories. 

In addition to selling these highly effective and compatible
platforms and their assays, we are positioning ourselves as a reference lab for independent labs nationwide primarily by offering
lower cost reference services. 

Our commitment to utilize our proprietary technologies to develop
clinically relevant diagnostics, while helping to relieve the cost pressures that independent laboratories are bearing is core
to our strategy. It underscores the progress we are achieving in our strategy 

of utilizing Enzo s integrated structure to produce diagnostic
products and services relevant to today s dynamic and challenging healthcare marketplace. 

By developing a broad technology base, Enzo has positioned the
Company for a robust flow of products and services that will provide medically relevant, cost effective solutions easily adaptable
to the workflow of the clinical laboratory, and that its ability to do so is based on several factors, including: 

The Company s integrated structure that enables it to internally
develop and advance products seamlessly from innovation through commercialization validation via recent patent settlements of Enzo s
intellectual property strength and ownership of basic patents that provide an economic advantage.   
 
         In a steadily declining reimbursement environment the unique ability
to deliver high performance, easily adaptable products and services that are also meaningfully cost effective for independent labs
as well as Enzo s own clinical lab.   
 
         Ample finances with which to execute and follow through on the Company s
integrated strategy.    

Increase investment in research and development  
product development   

We are increasing our research and development efforts to develop
new leading edge solutions in the rapidly growing molecular diagnostic market place. Current technology platforms under development
include: 

AMPIPROBE    easily adaptable, affordable, real time DNA
amplification and detection   
 
         FLOWSCRIPT    enhanced flow cytometry for signal cell analysis   
 
         Enhanced Immunohistochemistry   moving Pathology to the next
generation   
 
         Enhanced Immunoassays   Pushing sensitivity to expand immunoassay
applications    

Enzo s proprietary platforms and the assays developed
based on them can provide more sensitive diagnostic information at lower costs than many other tests currently marketed. The Company
designs its products to be able to work with lower specimen volume which not only allows the laboratories to run more tests off
of a single clinical specimen, but also may reduce the need for patients to submit additional samples, thus reducing unnecessary
physician visits. The Company s newly approved assays are the forerunners of a comprehensive line of diagnostic products
under development by Enzo to address the critical needs of clinical laboratories that are often locked into closed-system contracts
with molecular diagnostic suppliers that, with ever-declining reimbursements, reduce or even eliminate operating margins. 

Continue to Commercialize New Platforms for Molecular
Diagnostics via Multiple Channels   

We have developed several enabling platform technologies that
may have utility in the development of a new generation of molecular diagnostic products designed to meet the needs of the current
clinical marketplace. Our lead platform is AMPIPROBE  which is proprietary target amplification and detection technology that
has been shown to require substantially less starting material than conventional methods such as polymerase chain reaction (PCR)
based products. With AMPIPROBE  it may be possible to increase the number of analytes that can be assayed for from a single
clinical specimen, which in turn may reduce the need for physicians to recall patients to obtain additional clinical material for
testing. In addition by increasing the number of analytes tested in a single clinical preparation, AMPIPROBE  may be able to
produce diagnostic tests at a significantly lower cost than conventional assays. Moreover, the need for less starting material
may also lead to diagnostic tests with improved sensitivity, thus allowing detection of certain analytes present in minute quantities
that are below the limit of detection of conventional assays. 

We have already introduced the first product using our FLOWSCRIPT 
platform technology for the identification of gene expression in clinical samples in detection of mRNA from Human papillomavirus
(HPV) oncogenes, E6 and E7. Overexpression of these HPV oncogenes promotes the growth of malignant cells leading to the development
of cervical cancer. The FLOWSCRIPT  technology platform is a proprietary, flow cytometry-based, molecular detection system
for the multiplex analysis of cell function and identity, and was developed by cross-functional teams at Enzo. The HPV E6/E7 assay
is the first product to utilize this novel platform. Analysis is performed on a small volume of a liquid cytology specimen and
can thus be easily incorporated as a reflex test measure following abnormal Pap smear results. The assay, and the platform on which
it is based, allows for the simultaneous analysis of several different genes expressed in every cell in a given sample. In this
manner, it is possible to produce clinically relevant data at the single cell level. Unlike other assays that study mRNA expression,
FLOWSCRIPT  assays are performed by a homogenous system that eliminates washing steps that can reduce fluctuation of results.
Additionally, the assay s use of external control improves run-to-run consistency. As a result, both hands on time and the
number of steps are reduced, allowing for improved economics. In data presented at a 2015 pathology conference in Italy, Enzo s
assay was shown to produce reliable and consistent results near the limit of assay detection. Furthermore, Enzo anticipates applying
this platform to a multiplicity of uses such as the study of other cancers, the evaluation of an individual immune state as well
as products targeted to the drug development market, among others. 

The FLOWSCRIPT  platform is used to help guide providers in assessing the risk of progression to cervical cancer and whether
colposcopy or follow-up screening should be the preferred course of action. This assay demonstrates Enzo s commitment to
utilize our proprietary technology and bring forward clinically relevant diagnostics that can inform patient and physician decision-making,
with potential to reduce spending associated with advanced stage disease. Moreover, it is indicative of how well we are executing
on our strategy of utilizing our integrated structure to produce products that are relevant to today s evolving healthcare
marketplace. 

Maximize our resources by collaborating with others in
research and commercialization activities   

We enter into research collaborations with leading academic
and other research centers to augment our core expertise on specific programs. 

Our clinical trial of OPTIQUEL  is a direct result of a
research collaboration. We acquired the rights and intellectual property to this candidate drug and technology intended for use
in the treatment of autoimmune uveitis. Working with scientists and physicians in the United States and abroad, Enzo continued
drug development to the stage of a clinical trial now in further evaluation with the National Eye Institute of the National Institutes
of Health in Washington DC. 

We have research and clinical collaborations with other institutions
including Hadassah University Medical Center in Jerusalem, Israel relating to our immune regulation technology. Through collaborations
such as these and other licensing agreements we continue to develop novel therapeutics for the stimulation and enhancement of bone
formation and glucose control, among others. Such products, if any, emanating from this technology could provide potential therapy
for bone disorders, including bone loss, bone fractures, periodontitis, diabetes and other indications. There can be no assurance
that any of these collaborative projects will be successful. 

Enzo Life Sciences maintains relationships with academic and
commercial groups worldwide in sourcing and commercializing high value reagents developed by leading academics. 

Similarly, we may seek to fully exploit the commercial value
of our technology by partnering with for-profit enterprises in specific areas in order to act on opportunities that can be accretive
to our efforts in accelerating our development program. 

Exploit our marketing and distribution infrastructure   

Enzo Life Sciences has developed its sales and marketing infrastructure
to directly service its end users such as clinical laboratories, researchers and pharmaceutical companies, while simultaneously
positioning the Company for targeted product line expansion. Our global sales, marketing, manufacturing, product development and
distribution infrastructure, have now been integrated and consolidated into a single global business. Enzo Life Sciences operates,
under its own name, worldwide through wholly owned subsidiaries (in USA, Switzerland, Benelux, Germany, and the UK), a branch office
in France and a network of third party distributors in most other significant markets worldwide. Our comprehensive product portfolio
allows us to deliver integrated solutions to basic researchers, drug developers and clinical researchers around the globe. Our
research allows us to provide solutions in all key research areas including: Genomics, Cell Biology Immunoassays and in a multitude
of applied research markets including: Bioprocess, Personal Care, Cancer Research, and Neuroscience to name a few. 

Expand and protect our intellectual property estate   

Since our inception, we have followed a strategy of creating
a broad encompassing patent position in the life sciences and therapeutics areas. We have made obtaining patent protection a central
strategic policy, both with respect to our proprietary platform technologies and products, as well as broadly in the areas of our
research activities. During Fiscal 2016, we were issued 64 patents and expanded our patent estate in the area of nucleotides, amplification,
labelling and detection, among others. 

Product Development and Pipeline  

Enzo is committed to delivering a robust line of products and
services that will provide medically relevant, cost effective solutions that are easily adaptable to the workflow of clinical laboratories.
The Company s integrated Life Science-Clinical Lab structure continues to be instrumental in its ability to seamlessly develop
and advance products from innovation and manufacturing in our life sciences group and validation and commercialization through
our clinical laboratory. 

The Company s development pipeline includes an extensive
line of assays for detection of numerous women s health infectious agents as well as for the identification of other pathogens.
The Company is also developing a proprietary line of products designed to aid pathologists in differentiating the characteristics
of various tumors from biopsy specimens. The Company s molecular-based products and services are targeted at a market currently
estimated to be in excess of $3 billion annually. 

During fiscal 2016 and most recently, we
successfully gained New York State Department of Health approval of a number of key products based on Enzo s proprietary
technology platforms. On November 17, 2015, we announced approval of AMPIPROBE  HCV Assay for the quantitative detection of
Hepatitis C. This assay is based on the proprietary nucleic acid amplification and detection technology platform was the first
in a line of products to be developed at Enzo to address the critical needs of the molecular diagnostics market and serves as validation
of Enzo s unique business strategy and structure. 

On June 7, 2016, we were granted conditional approval of AMPIPROBE 
Candidiasis Assay. This multiplex assay is designed to identify the presence of five of the most common species of Candida from
a single vaginal swab. Industry estimates put the number of tests performed for the identification of Candida at over 10 million
per year in the US alone. It is also estimated that over 70% of women will develop a Candida infection during their reproductive
lifetime. While an independent assay, it will also serve as a component of a comprehensive women s health panel currently
under development. 

On September 20, 2016, we were granted conditional approval
of PLAQPRO  Lp-PLA 2  Assay. This is a biochemical activity assay designed to identify lipoprotein-associated phospholipase
A2, a marker associated with the potential for coronary heart disease. The PLAQPRO  Lp- PLA 2  Assay can be useful
as part of a cardiac testing panel for individuals at intermediate or high risk for developing coronary heart disease. Early identification
of increased risk of developing coronary heart disease offers the opportunity to adjust patient lifestyles or utilize medical interventions
to reduce risk. The assay was developed using the Company s strong expertise in assay development, antibody production, small
molecule chemistry, and detection technology. This cardiac assay delivers improved consistency and is designed to work on open
platform clinical analysis instruments. The open platform configuration is one of the several factors that contribute to its cost
effectiveness, which is vital to today s clinical labs that are confronted by shrinking reimbursements. 

These assays are an important addition to Enzo s expanding
line of women s health products, while also helping to solidify Enzo s position as a leading full service women s
health lab. 

Products in the Company s development pipeline include
an extensive line of assays for detection of numerous women s health infectious agents as well as for use in the identification
of pathogens for other markets. The Company also reported that it expects to roll-out a line of products designed to aid pathologists
in distinguishing the characteristics of various tumors from biopsy specimens using technology developed by Enzo scientists. The
Company s molecular-based products are targeted at a market estimated to be in excess of $3 billion worth of laboratory service
revenue. 

Enzo is committed to delivering a robust line of products and
services that will provide medically relevant, cost effective solutions that are easily adaptable to the workflow of clinical laboratories.
The Company s integrated Life Science and Clinical Lab structure continues to be instrumental in its ability to seamlessly
develop and advance products from innovation and manufacturing in our life sciences group and validation and commercialization
through our clinical laboratory. Our product development activity and pipeline include the following products. 

Product
    / Test Description  
         
      Expected Availability(1)  
         
      Platform   

HPV E6/E7 Detection  
         
      Available  
         
      FLOWSCRIPT    GENE EXPRESSION   

HCV Viral Load  
         
      Available  
         
      AMPIPROBE    REAL-TIME AMPLIFICATION AND DETECTION   

Cardiac Marker  
         
      Available  
         
      ENHANCED IMMUNOASSAY   

Fertility Assay  
         
      Q1 2017  
         
      ENHANCED IMMUNOASSAY   

Women s Health Panel  
         
      Q4 2016   Q1 2017  
         
      AMPIPROBE    REAL-TIME AMPLIFICATION AND DETECTION   

HBV Viral Load  
         
      2017  
         
      AMPIPROBE   REAL-TIME AMPLIFICATION AND DETECTION   

HIV Viral Load  
         
      2017  
         
      AMPIPROBE    REAL-TIME AMPLIFICATION AND DETECTION   

IHC Detection  
         
      Available  
         
      ENHANCED DETECTION   

TH1/TH2  
         
      In development  
         
      FLOWSCRIPT    GENE EXPRESSION   

Cancer AB Panel  
         
      In development  
         
      AMPIFLOW  ENHANCED DETECTION LABEL   

Cancer Marker Panel  
         
      In development  
         
      FLOWSCRIPT    GENE EXPRESSION   

(1)  
      There
    can be no assurances these products can be successfully developed or within these timeframes or available on these dates.   

Core Technologies  

We have developed a portfolio of proprietary technologies with
a variety of research, diagnostic and therapeutic applications. 

Gene analysis technology  

All gene-based testing is premised on the knowledge that DNA
forms a double helix comprised of two complementary strands that match and bind to each other. If a complementary piece of DNA
(a probe) is introduced into a sample containing its matching DNA, it will bind to, or hybridize, to form a double helix with that
DNA. Gene-based testing is carried out by: 

amplification of the target DNA sequence (a process that is essential for the detection of very small amounts of nucleic acid);   

labelling the probe with a marker that generates a detectable signal upon hybridization;   

addition of the probe to the sample containing the DNA; and   

binding or hybridization of the probe to the target DNA sequence, if present, to generate a detectable signal.   

We have developed AMPIPROBE  a broad technology base for
the labelling, detection, amplification and formatting of nucleic acids for gene analysis which is supported by our significant
proprietary position in these fields. This and other proprietary technologies become the building blocks of our Molecular Diagnostic
platforms. 

Amplification  

In the early stages of infection, a pathogen may be present
in very small amounts and consequently may be difficult to detect. Using DNA amplification, samples can be treated to cause a pathogen s
DNA to be replicated, or amplified, to detectable levels. We have developed a proprietary amplification process for multicopy production
of nucleic acid, as well as proprietary techniques for amplifying the signals of our probes to further improve sensitivity. Our
amplification technologies are particularly useful for the early detection of very small amounts of target DNA. We have also developed
isothermal amplification procedures that can be performed at constant temperatures, unlike polymerase chain reaction (PCR) the
most commonly used method of target nucleic acid amplification. These platform technologies could thus potentially lead to assays
with advantages over PCR-based tests which require expensive heating and cooling systems or specialized heat-resistant enzymes.
Moreover, our AMPIPROBE  Nucleic Acid Amplification Platform, because of the reduced amount of starting material needed for
analysis, may lead to a next-generation of molecular-based diagnostics that can impart higher sensitivity at lower cost than currently
available assays. 

Flow Cytometry  

We have developed and launched our first product using our proprietary
FLOWSCRIPT    platform using flow cytometry to analyse messenger RNA ( mRNA) transcript expression in individual cells
in a mixed cell population. By studying whether a gene or a set of genes is turned on or off, it is possible to obtain clinically
relevant information at the single cell level. Our first product, the FLOWSCRIPT    HPV E6/E7 Assay, examines the
levels of E6/E7 mRNA transcripts from multiple high risk types which account for over 95% of cervical cancers. We are planning
to develop and introduce other products based on this platform technology in the future for applications such as immune-mediated
disorders, metabolic disorders patient monitoring, and other cancers. 

Non-radioactive labelling and detection  

Traditionally, nucleic acid probes were labelled with radioactive
isotopes. However, radioactively labelled probes have a number of shortcomings. They are unstable and consequently have a limited
shelf life. They are potentially hazardous, resulting in restrictive licensing requirements and safety precautions for preparation,
use and disposal. Finally, radioactive components are expensive. Our technologies permit gene analysis without the problems associated
with radioactively labelled probes and are adaptable to a wide variety of formats. 

Formats  

There are various processes, or formats, for performing probe-based
tests. In certain formats, the probe is introduced to a target sample affixed to a solid matrix; in others the probe is combined
with the sample in solution (homogeneous assay). Solid matrix assays include: in situ assays in which the probe reaction takes
place directly on a microscope slide; dot blot assays in which the target DNA is fixed to a membrane; and microplate and microarray
assays in which the DNA is fixed on a solid surface, and the reaction can be quantified by instrumentation. 

Therapeutic Platform Development   

Cell Signalling Pathway  

One area of Enzo s therapeutic platform development is
related to the development of pharmaceutical agents that affect protein-protein interactions. Over the past several years, our
scientists and collaborators have unlocked the secrets of a major cell signalling pathway thus producing a means to modify biologic
activity in a number of physiological systems. 

Further investigation into the design and control of this system
has allowed our scientists and their collaborators to determine the structure of key regulatory proteins and to identify active
sites that can then become targets for Enzo s proprietary technology generating system. Our technology is capable of generating
active compounds that range from orally delivered small molecules to peptides, oligonucleotides or antibodies. We have performed
pioneering work on the structure and function of lipoprotein receptor-related protein (LRP) and its ligands, developed a screening
technology to identify active compounds, and have synthesized proprietary molecules capable of producing biological effects in
cell-based systems and animal models of disease. Specifically, this system allows the Company to: 

generate biological, genetic, and structural information concerning LRP;   

determine the structure of LRP docking sites of its ligands;   

identify the functionally important residues via site-directed mutagenesis;   

build the fine structure map and employ it as the basis for virtual screening;   

show that compounds specifically bind to wild type LRP5, but not to mutated LRP5;   

generate a cell-based assay capable of identifying active compounds; and   

synthesize proprietary molecules that are active in animal models of disease.   

Through this novel, proprietary, functional screening system,
we have identified small molecules capable of reversing sclerostin-mediated inhibition of Wnt signalling. Preclinical animal studies
with several candidate lead compounds produced the following results: 

significant increases in total and femoral bone density through new bone formation;   

significant reduction in alveolar bone loss; and   

significant reduction in bone resorption.   

The anabolic induction of new bone formation and prevention
of bone loss by our small molecule compounds may promise new paths for the treatment of osteoporosis. In addition, our proprietary
technology has enabled the generation of novel chemical entities that have significant glucose lowering activity. These effects
are separate from its effects on bone metabolism indicating a specificity of action conferred by the interaction of a particular
compound with the cell signalling pathway. Therefore, this approach may be broadly applicable to the generation of therapeutic
drug candidates for multiple indications. 

Oral Immune Regulation  

We continue to explore a novel therapeutic approach based on
immune regulation. Our immune regulation technology seeks to control an individual s immune response to a specific antigen
in the body. An antigen is a substance that the body perceives as foreign and, consequently, against which the body mounts an immune
response. This platform technology is being developed as a means to manage immune-mediated diseases, such as autoimmune uveitis
and Crohn s disease. 

We have developed an immunomodulation agent EGS21 as a potential
therapeutic for treating immune mediated disorders. EGS 21 is a glycolipid that has been shown by our scientists and collaborators
to act as an anti-inflammatory agent in animal model systems and is being evaluated as a drug candidate in the treatment of various
immune mediated diseases. 

Gene Regulation  

We have developed an approach to gene regulation known as genetic
antisense or antisense RNA. Our technology involves the introduction into cellular DNA of a gene that codes for an RNA molecule
that binds to, and thus deactivates, RNA produced by a specific gene. To deliver our antisense gene to the target cell, in a process
called transduction, we have developed proprietary vector technology. 

We believe, though there can be no assurance, that our vector
technology has broad applicability in the field of gene medicine. This can be attributed to the following properties of our construct: 

the viral promoters are inactivated;   

insertional gene activation is prevented - a major safety factor;   

chromosomal integration; and   

nuclear localization.   

There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure patents
or that these programs will be successful. The potential therapies we are developing could be used, if successful for the treatment
of a variety of diseases, including osteoporosis, osteonecrosis and other bone pathologies, diabetes, autoimmune uveitis and inflammatory
bowel disease, including Crohn s disease and ulcerative colitis, among others. 

Clinical Laboratory Services  

We operate a regional clinical laboratory that offers extensive
diagnostic services to the New York and New Jersey medical communities. Our clinical laboratory testing is utilized by physicians
as an essential element in the delivery of healthcare services. Physicians use laboratory tests to assist in the detection, diagnosis,
evaluation, monitoring and treatment of diseases and other medical conditions. Clinical laboratory testing is generally categorized
as clinical testing or anatomic pathology testing. Clinical testing is performed on body fluids, such as blood and urine. Anatomic
pathology testing is performed on tissues and other samples, such as human cells. Many clinical laboratory tests are considered
routine and can be performed by most commercial clinical laboratories. Tests that are not routine and that require more sophisticated
equipment and highly skilled personnel are considered esoteric tests and may be performed less frequently than routine tests. 

We offer a comprehensive and broad range of routine and esoteric
clinical laboratory tests or procedures. These tests are frequently used in general patient care by physicians to establish or
support a diagnosis, to monitor treatment or medication levels, or search for an otherwise undiagnosed condition. 

Our full service clinical laboratory in Farmingdale, New York
contains an infrastructure that includes comprehensive information technology applications, logistics, client service and billing
departments. We have a network of over thirty strategically located patient service centers and a full service phlebotomy department.
Patient service centers collect from patients the specimens as requested by physicians. We also operate a fully equipped STAT laboratory
in New York City. A  STAT  lab has the ability to perform certain routine tests quickly and report results to the physician
immediately. 

Patient specimens are delivered to our laboratory facilities
primarily by our logistics department accompanied by a test requisition form. These forms, which are completed by the ordering
physician, indicate the tests to be performed and demographic patient information and in most instances are transmitted to us via
EnzoDirect, our proprietary computer-based ordering and results delivery system. Once the information is entered into the laboratory
computer system the tests are performed on the corresponding laboratory testing instrumentation and the results are uploaded primarily
through an interface from the laboratory testing instrumentation or in some instances, manually entered into the laboratory computer
system. Most routine testing is completed by early the next morning, and test results are reported to the ordering physician. These
test results are either reported electronically via EnzoDirect to a physician office Electronic Medical Records (EMR) system or
delivered by our logistics department directly to the ordering physicians  offices. Physicians who request that they be called
with a particular result are so notified by our customer service personnel. 

For fiscal years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively,
approximately 69%, 65% and 61% of the Company s revenues were derived from the clinical laboratory. Revenues, net of contractual
adjustment, from direct billings under the Federal Medicare program during the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were approximately
16%, 19% and 22% respectively, of the clinical laboratory segment s total revenue. The contractual adjustment is an estimate
that reduces gross revenue, based on gross billing rates, to amounts expected to be approved and reimbursed. We estimate contractual
adjustment based on significant assumptions and judgments, such as the interpretation of payer reimbursement policies which bears
the risk of change. The estimation process is based on the experience of amounts approved as reimbursable and ultimately settled
by payers, versus the corresponding gross amount billed to the respective payers. Other than the Medicare program, revenues from
UnitedHealthcare and Oxford Health Plan represented approximately 30%, 28% and 25% of the Clinical Labs segment s net revenue
for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

At July 31, 2016 and 2015, approximately 71% and 68% for each
year of the Company s net accounts receivable was derived from its clinical laboratory business. The Company believes that
the concentration of credit risk with respect to the Clinical Labs accounts receivable is mitigated by the diversity of its third
party payers that insure individuals. To reduce risk, the Company routinely assesses the financial strength of these payers and,
consequently, believes that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure, with respect to these payers, is limited. While the Company
also has receivables due from the Federal Medicare program, the Company does not believe that these receivables represent a credit
risk since the Medicare program is funded by the federal government and payment is primarily dependent on our submitting the appropriate
documentation. 

Gross billings are based on a standard fee schedule we set for
self-payers, all third party payers, including Medicare, health maintenance organizations ( HMO s) and managed care
providers. We adjust the contractual adjustment estimate quarterly, based on our evaluation of current and historical settlement
experience with payers, industry reimbursement trends, and other relevant factors. The other relevant factors that affect our contractual
adjustment include the monthly and quarterly review of: 1) current gross billings and receivables and reimbursement by payer, 2)
current changes in third party arrangements, and 3) the growth of in-network provider arrangements and managed care plans specific
to our Company. The clinical laboratory industry is characterized by a significant amount of uncollectible accounts receivable
related to the inability to receive accurate and timely billing information in order to forward it on to the third party payers
for reimbursement, and the inaccurate information received from the covered individual patients for unreimbursed unpaid amounts. 

Billing for laboratory services is complicated. Depending on
the billing arrangement and applicable law, we must bill various payers, such as patients, insurance companies and the Federal
Medicare Program, all of which have different requirements. In both New York and New Jersey, the law prohibits the Company from
billing the ordering physician. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as internal compliance policies and procedures
add further complexity to the billing process. We depend on the ordering physician to provide timely, accurate billing demographic
and diagnostic coding information to us. Additional factors complicating the billing process include: 

pricing differences between our standard gross fee schedules and the reimbursement rates of the payers;   

disputes with payers as to which party is responsible for payment; and   

disparity in coverage and information requirements among various
        payers. 

differences in medical policies established by various payers     

Most of our bad debt expense is primarily the result of inaccurate
billing information on requisitions received from the ordering physician. In addition, the bad debts includes the balances, after
receipt of the approved settlements from third party payers for the insufficient diagnosis information received from the ordering
physician, which result in denials of payment and the uncollectible portion of receivables from self-payers, including deductibles
and co-payments, which are subject to credit risk and patients  ability to pay. We must perform the requested tests and
report test results regardless of whether the billing or diagnostic coding information is inaccurate or missing. We subsequently
attempt to contact the ordering physician to obtain and rectify incorrect billing information. Missing or inaccurate information
on the requisitions adds complexity to and may slow the billing process, creates backlogs of unbilled requisitions, and generally
decreases the collectability and increases the aging of accounts receivable. When all issues relating to the missing or inaccurate
information are not resolved in a timely manner, the related receivables are fully reserved to the allowance for doubtful accounts
or allowances for contractual adjustments or written off. 

We incur significant additional costs as a result of our participation
in Medicare, as billing and reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing is subject to considerable and complex and stringent
federal and state regulations including those relating to coverage, billing and reimbursements. Future changes in regulations could
further complicate our billing and increase our billing expenses. These additional costs include those related to: (1) complexity
added to our billing processes and change our reimbursements; (2) training and education of our employees and customers; (3) compliance
and legal costs; and (4) costs related to, among other factors, medical necessity denials and advance beneficiary notices. The
Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, or CMS (formerly the Health Care Financing Administration), establishes procedures
and continuously evaluates and implements changes in the reimbursement process. 

The established Medicare reimbursement rate for clinical laboratory
services has been reduced by the Federal government in a number of instances over the past several years. In March 2010, U.S. federal
legislation was enacted to reform healthcare. The legislation provides for reductions in the Medicare clinical laboratory fee schedule
of 1.9% for five years beginning in 2010 and also includes a productivity adjustment which reduces the Consumer Price Index ( CPI )
market basket update beginning in 2011. Based on these calculations, the Medicare Fee Schedule was decreased in calendar year 2014
by 0.75%, was unchanged in calendar 2015 and 2016. Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, expansion in the pool
of covered lives may expand the market for clinical diagnostic testing while at the same time various policies aimed at reducing
cost or bundling care may reduce the rates paid for such services, the net impact of these factors on the market for our tests
is not clear. In April 2014, Congress passed the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (PAMA), which included substantial changes
to the way in which clinical laboratory services will be paid under Medicare. Beginning in 2018, Medicare payments for clinical
laboratory services will be paid based upon private payer rates as reported by clinical laboratories across the US replacing the
current system which is based upon fee schedules derived from historical charges for tests from approximately 30 years ago. The
final regulation to implement Medicare laboratory payment reform was released on June 17, 2016 by CMS. Since Enzo s clinical
lab receives more than 50% of its total Medicare revenue from the Part B Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule and the Physician Fee
Schedule and receives more than $12,500 in Medicare revenues per year, we are considered an  applicable laboratory ,
and as such, must report private payor fee reimbursements for the period January 1, 2016 to June 30, 2016 to CMS by March 31, 2017.
This data will be aggregated and utilized as the basis for the 2018 fee schedules that will be finalized in November 2017. At this
time, the impact of the new payment system on rates for tests we perform or our customers  tests that may use our products
is not clear at this time. 

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act also imposes
an excise tax on the seller for the sale of certain medical devices in the United States, including those purchased and used by
laboratories, beginning in 2013 and establishes the Independent Payment Advisory Board ( IPAB ). If the projected growth
in per capita Medicare costs exceeds a specified target level, the IPAB must submit proposals to reduce or eliminate the difference.
For calendar years 2016 through 2019, the target growth rate is the projected average of the increases in the Consumer Price Index
and the medical care expenditure category of the Consumer Price Index; for 2020 and thereafter, the target growth rate is the rate
of increase in gross domestic product per capita plus one percentage point. If it is necessary for the IPAB to submit proposals,
they will automatically be implemented unless Congress enacts alternative proposals that achieve  

the same savings targets. We could
experience a significant decrease in revenue from Medicare as a result of these pieces of legislation, which could have a material
adverse effect on us. The IPAB currently has no appointees and it is unclear whether when and if it will become operational. 

Also, HIPAA requires certain health care providers such as Enzo
Clinical Labs and its physicians, to use certain transaction and code set rules for specified electronic transactions, such as
transactions involving claims submissions. Commencing July 1, 2012, CMS required that electronic claim submissions and related
electronic transactions be conducted under a new HIPAA transaction standard called Version 5010. CMS has required this upgrade
in connection with another new requirement applicable to the industry, the implementation of new diagnostic code sets to be used
in claims submission. The new diagnostic code sets are called the ICD-10. They were originally to be implemented on October 1,
2013 (and CMS delayed the implementation date until October 1, 2014), but as part of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014,
enacted on April 1, 2014, Congress prohibited the Secretary of Health and Human Services from implementing ICD-10 any earlier than
October 1, 2015. CMS published a final rule on August 4, 2014 adopting the October 1, 2015 compliance date and requiring the use
of ICD-9 code sets through September 30, 2015 The Company successfully transitioned to ICD-10 on October1, 2015, with no disruption
in business, and has not experienced increased accounts receivable as a result of timing of billing and payments related to the
implementation. 

Life Sciences  

Enzo Life Sciences is a manufacturer of labeling and detection
technologies from DNA to whole cell analysis. Enzo s products are backed by innovative technology platforms and a deep patent
portfolio. With 40 years  experience, Enzo Life Sciences continues to provide integrated solutions for Life Sciences, Clinical
Research, and Drug Development. Enzo Life Sciences offers a broad range of high-quality products to advance research including
proteins, antibodies, peptides, small molecules, labeling probes, dyes, and kits. Enzo Life Sciences operates in a highly competitive
and price-sensitive marketplace and is repositioning itself by narrowing its product mix to concentrate on improved profitability,
while also adding staff who are more experienced in operations. We have become a specialized assay supplier as part of our integrated
strategic plan to deliver highly efficient, cost effective diagnostics and assays for our own use and sale to independent labs.
With direct sales operations in US, Switzerland, Germany, UK, France, and Benelux, Enzo Life Sciences also supports its over 9,000
products through a global network of dedicated distributors. 

With a passion for genomics, Enzo was the first to develop non-radioactive
labeling of nucleic acids. This technique was instrumental in the development of today s genomic analysis market. Our pioneering
research in genetic modification medicine was the first to recognize that nucleic acids could be used as therapeutics. Our innovations
in the detection of nucleic acids in solutions and solid matrices led to the development of technology platforms such as hybrid
capture, as well as fluorescent and chromogenic  in situ  hybridization. Enzo remains at the forefront of target amplification
technologies critical in the detection of infectious agents, cancer markers, and genotyping. Our work in the genomic space has
resulted in technologies in gene expression and immune system regulation, which opened the door for the well-known molecular diagnostics
assays used today. 

The products supplied by Enzo Life Sciences include small molecules,
proteins, antibodies, peptides, probes, assay kits and custom services. Our comprehensive portfolio of high quality reagents and
kits in key research areas are sold to scientific experts in the following fields: 

Adipokines  
      Interferons   

Antibiotics  
      In Vitro Toxicology   

Apotosis/Cell Death  
      Kinases/Inhibitors   

Biologically Active Peptides  
      Leukotrienes/Prostaglandins/Thromboxanes   

Bone Metabolism  
      Microarray Labeling   

Cancer Research  
      Multidrug Resistance   

Cell Death  
      Natural Products/Antibiotics   

Cell Cycle  
      Neuroscience   

Chemokines/Cytokines  
      Nitric Oxide Pathway   

Cytoskeletal Research  
      Nuclear Receptors   

Dependence Receptors  
      Oxidative Stress   

DNA Fragmentation/Damage/Repair  
      Protein Aggregation   

DNA Regulation  
      Proteosome/Ubiquitin   

Epigenetics  
      Receptors   

FISH  
      Signal Transduction   

Growth Factors/Cytokines  
      Stem Cell/Cell Differentiation   

Hypoxia  
      Stress Proteins/Heat Shock Proteins   

Immunology  
      Toxicology   

Viral Signaling  
      TNF/TNF Receptor Superfamily   

Inflammation/Innate Immunity  
      Transcription Factors   

Enzo Life Sciences maintains acquired brands including Alexis,
Biomol International, Assay Designs, and Stressgen. Enzo strategically uses these brands to complete our product portfolio, allowing
us to offer complete solutions to researchers in all fields. These brands are complementary to our core expertise in genomics and
molecular biology. The Company intends to maintain the rights to the acquired brands which have long product history. The Company
believes the emphasis on the Enzo Life Sciences brand will result in stronger and clearer brand awareness and allow the Company
to execute the sale of higher value products and promote more products into the drug development, clinical research and diagnostic
markets. 

Axxora.com - The Reagents Marketplace , Thousands
of Reagents, One Marketplace   Axxora.com is a proven distribution platform for original manufacturers of innovative research
reagents. An increasing number of researchers use our unique marketplace to connect with over 40 specialty manufacturers and gain
access to over 40,000 products. 

Research and Development  

Our principal research and development efforts are directed
toward developing innovative new clinical research and diagnostic platforms, and selective expansion of our research product lines,
given our manufacturing and distribution capability. We have developed our core research expertise in the life science field as
a result of over 30 years of dedicated focus in this area. We conduct our research and other product development efforts through
internal research and collaborative relationships. 

In the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the
Company incurred costs of approximately $3.5 million, $3.4 million and, $3.1 million, respectively, for research and development
activities. During fiscal 2016, the Company s research and development program was refocused to areas that had greater opportunity
to maximize revenues. 

Internal Research Programs  

Our professional staff, including 35 with post graduate degrees,
performs our internal research and development activities. Our product development programs incorporate various scientific areas
of expertise, including recombinant DNA, monoclonal antibody development, enzymology, microbiology, biochemistry, molecular biology,
organic chemistry, and fermentation. In addition, we continuously review in-licensing opportunities in connection with new technology. 

External Research Collaborations  

We have and continue to explore collaborative relationships
with prominent companies and leading-edge research institutions in order to maximize the application of our technology in areas
where we believe such relationship will benefit the development of our technology. 

Sales and Marketing  

Our sales and marketing strategy for Enzo Life Sciences is to
sell our life science products through: (i) direct sales to end-users under the Enzo Life Sciences name, with direct recognition
to our acquired brands (ii) direct sales to end users under the Axxora electronic market place name (iii) supply agreements with
manufacturers and (iv) distributors in major geographic markets. We operate with an understanding of local markets and a well-functioning
distribution network system across the globe. Scientists around the world who recognize the brands (Alexis, Assay Designs, Biomol,
Enzo and Stressgen) now receive products directly from Enzo Life Sciences where we are recognized for innovative high quality products,
supported directly by our qualified technical staff. We sell the same products through our Axxora electronic market place which
is also the source for life science research reagents from over 40 original manufacturers. Our direct marketing and sales network
includes fully-owned subsidiaries (USA, Switzerland, Germany, Benelux, and UK), a branch office in France and a network of third
party distributors in most other significant markets worldwide. 

For Enzo Clinical Labs, we focus our sales efforts on obtaining
and retaining profitable accounts. We market the clinical laboratory services to a broad range of ordering physicians in the metro
New York and New Jersey region through our direct sales force who are supported by customer service and patient service representatives.
We monitor and where appropriate, change the service levels and terminate ordering physician accounts that are not profitable.
We are focusing our efforts to attract and retain clients who participate with the providers with whom we have regional contracts
and are consistently looking to add higher value molecular and esoteric testing, both internally developed and with partners, to
our menu to assist sales in new account penetration as well as to improve our level of service to existing clients. 

Distribution Arrangements  

We also distribute our life science products internationally
through a network of distributors. Through these arrangements, we are able to leverage the established marketing and distribution
infrastructure of these companies in certain market places. 

Competition  

We compete with other life science and biotechnology companies,
as well as pharmaceutical, chemical and other companies. Competition in our industry is intense. Many of these companies are performing
research targeting the same technology, applications and markets. Many of these competitors are significantly larger than we are
and have more resources. The primary competitive factors in our industry are the ability to create scientifically advanced technology,
offer innovative products at the forefront of technological development to targeted market segments, successfully develop and commercialize
products on a timely basis, establish and maintain intellectual property rights and attract and retain a breadth and depth of human
resources. 

Our clinical laboratory services business competes with numerous
national, regional, and local entities, some of which are larger than we are and have greater financial resources than we do. Our
laboratory competes primarily on the basis of the quality and specialized nature of its testing, reporting and information services,
its reputation in the medical community, its reliability and speed in performing diagnostic tests, and its ability to employ qualified
laboratory personnel. 

Intellectual Property  

We consider our intellectual property program to be a key asset
and a major strategic component to the execution of our business strategy. A broad portfolio of issued patents and pending patent
applications supports our core technology platforms. Our policy is to seek patent protection for our core technology platforms,
as well as for ancillary technologies that support these platforms and provide a competitive advantage. 

At the end of fiscal 2016 we owned or licensed 314 patents relating
to products, methods and procedures resulting from our internal or sponsored research projects. There can be no assurance that
patents will be issued on pending applications or that any issued patents will not be challenged (see Item 3, Legal Proceedings),
or that they will have commercial benefit. We do not intend to rely on patent protection as the sole basis for protecting our proprietary
technology. We also rely on our trade secrets and continuing technological innovation. We require each of our employees to sign
a confidentiality agreement that prohibits the employee from disclosing any confidential information about us, including our technology
or trade secrets. 

Our intellectual property portfolio can be divided into patents
that provide claims in three primary categories, as described below: 

Nucleic Acid Chemistry  

We currently have broad patent coverage in the area of nucleic
acid chemistry. We have done extensive work on the labeling of nucleic acids for the purpose of generating a signal that dates
back over twenty years. Enzo has multiple issued patents covering the modification of nucleic acids at their sugar and phosphate
sites. The claims contained in these patents cover products that incorporate a signaling moiety into a nucleic acid attached to
a sugar or phosphate for the purpose of nucleic acid detection or quantification, including sequencing and real time nucleic acid
amplification. Enzo also has patents directed to proprietary dyes that may be used to label the sugar, base or phosphate positions
of nucleic acids. 

Signal Delivery  

We also have a long history of innovation in the area of analyte
detection using non-radioactive signaling entities. At the signaling entity itself, there are several Enzo patents that cover the
formation of this structure. A patent which was allowed in 2006 covers the attachment of signaling molecules through the phosphate
moiety of a nucleic acid, which is how the signal-generating enzyme is bound. 

Nucleic Acid Analysis Format  

We also have patents with issued claims covering the use of
arrays of single-stranded nucleic acids fixed or immobilized in hybridizable form to a non-porous solid support. These patents
cover any product that uses arrays of nucleic acids for molecular analysis. 

In some instances, we may enter into royalty agreements with
collaborating research parties in consideration for the commercial use by us of the developments of their joint research. In other
instances the collaborating party might obtain a patent, but we receive the license to use the patented subject matter. In such
cases, we will seek to secure exclusive licenses. In other instances, we might have an obligation to pay royalties to, or reach
a royalty arrangement with, a third party in consideration of our use of developments of such third party. 

REGULATION AFFECTING OUR BUSINESSES  

Clinical Laboratory  

The clinical laboratory industry is subject
to significant federal and state regulation, including inspections and audits by governmental agencies. Governmental authorities
may impose fines, criminal penalties or take other actions to enforce laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, revocation
of a clinical laboratory s certificate and/or license to operate a clinical laboratory. Changes in regulation may also increase
the cost of performing clinical laboratory tests, increase administrative requirements, or decrease the amount of reimbursement.
Our clinical laboratory and (where applicable) patient service centers are licensed and accredited as required by law. 

CLIA (The Clinical Laboratory Improvement
Act of 1967, and the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988) regulates virtually all clinical laboratories in the United
States. Among other things, CLIA requires laboratories to earn certification from the federal government and comply with various
operational, personnel and quality requirements intended to ensure that their clinical laboratory testing services are accurate,
reliable and timely. CLIA does not preempt state laws that are more stringent than federal laws. As such, certain clinical laboratories
must meet state specific standards and undergo proficiency testing and inspections. Clinical laboratory certificates or licenses
are also required by various state and local laws. 

CLIA assigns test into one of three categories
on the basis of complexity (waived, moderate complexity and high complexity) and establishes varying requirements depending upon
the complexity category of the test performed. A laboratory that performs high complexity tests must meet more stringent requirements
than a laboratory that performs only moderate complexity tests, while those that perform only waived tests may apply for a certificate
of waiver that if granted, would exempt the laboratory from most CLIA requirements. Our facility is certified to perform high complexity
tests. In general, regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) require
laboratories that perform high or moderate complexity tests to implement systems that ensure the accurate performance and reporting
of test results, establish quality control and quality assurance systems, ensure that personnel meet specified standards, conduct
proficiency testing by approved agencies, and undergo biennial inspections, among other requirements. 

Clinical laboratories also are subject
to state regulation. CLIA provides that a state may adopt different or more stringent regulations than Federal law, and permits
states to apply for exemption from CLIA if HHS determines that the state s laboratory laws are equivalent to, or more stringent
than, CLIA. The State of New York s clinical laboratory regulations contain provisions that are more stringent than Federal
law, and New York has received exemption from CLIA. Therefore, as long as New York maintains a licensure program that is CLIA-exempt,
laboratories in New York, including our laboratory, are regulated under New York law rather than CLIA. Our laboratory is licensed
in New York and has continuing programs to ensure that its operations are in compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements. 

Sanctions for non-compliance with applicable
regulations may include, but are not limited to, suspension, revocation, or limitation of a laboratory s CLIA certificate
or state license, as well as fines and criminal penalties. The loss of, or adverse action against, a certificate or license, the
imposition of fines, penalties or other sanctions, or future changes in Federal, state or local laboratory laws and regulations
(or in the interpretation of current laws and regulations) could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Billing and reimbursement for clinical
laboratory testing is subject to complex federal and state laws, rules and regulations, the violation of which may include, but
is not necessarily limited to: (1) exclusion from participation in federal health care programs (including Medicare and Medicaid);
(2) asset forfeitures; (3) civil monetary penalties; (4) criminal fines and penalties; and (5) the loss of licenses, certificates
and/or authorizations necessary to operate some or all of a clinical laboratory s business. 

The health care industry has been undergoing
significant change because third-party payers, such as Medicare, Medicaid, health maintenance organizations and commercial insurers,
have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of health care services. To address the problem of increasing
health care costs, legislation has been proposed or enacted at both the Federal and state levels to regulate health care delivery
in general, and clinical laboratories in particular. Additional health care reform efforts are likely to be proposed in the future.
In particular, we believe that reductions in reimbursement for Medicare services will continue to be implemented from time to time.
Reductions in the reimbursement rates of other third-party payers, commercial insurer and health maintenance organizations are
likely to occur as well. We cannot predict the effect that current and future health care reform measures, if enacted, would have
on our business, and there can be no assurance that such reforms, if enacted, would not have a material adverse effect on our business
and operations. 

Containment of health care costs, including reimbursement for
clinical laboratory services, has been a focus of on-going governmental activity. Clinical laboratories must bill Medicare directly
for the services provided to Medicare beneficiaries and may only collect the amounts permitted under the Medicare Clinical Laboratory
Fee Schedule. Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Act, expansion in the pool of covered lives may expand the market for
clinical diagnosis testing while at the same time, various policies aimed at  

reducing costs or bundling care may reduce the rates
paid for such services; the net impact of these factors on the market for our tests is not clear . In April 2014, Congress passed
the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (PAMA), which included substantial changes to the way in which clinical laboratory
services will be paid under Medicare. Beginning in 2018, Medicare payments for clinical laboratory services will be paid based
upon private payer rates as reported by clinical laboratories across the US replacing the current system which is based upon fee
schedules derived from historical charges for tests from approximately 30 years ago. The final regulation to implement Medicare
laboratory payment reform was released on June 17, 2016 by CMS. Since Enzo s clinical lab receives more than 50% of its total
Medicare revenue from the Part B Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule and the Physician Fee Schedule and receives more than $12,500
in Medicare revenues per year, we are considered an  applicable laboratory , and as such, must report private payor
fee reimbursements for the period January 1, 2016 to June 30, 2016 to CMS by March 31, 2017. This data will be aggregated and utilized
as the basis for the 2018 fee schedules that will be finalized in November 2017. At this time, the impact of the new payment system
on rates for tests we perform or our customers  tests that may use our products is not clear at this time. 

Future changes in federal, state and local
regulations (or in the interpretation of current regulations) affecting governmental reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing
could have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, whether and what type of legislation will be
enacted into law. In addition, reimbursement disapprovals by the third party payers, commercial insurers and health maintenance
organizations, reductions or delays in the establishment of reimbursement rates, carrier limitations on the insurance coverage
of the Company s services or the use of the Company as a service provider could have a negative effect on the Company s
future revenues. During calendar year 2013 the Medicare reimbursement rates were reduced by an additional 2% in connection with
the government s sequestration cuts. During fiscal 2016 reimbursement rates have remained constant with 2015 levels. 

Anti Fraud and Abuse Laws  

Existing Federal and state laws also regulate
certain aspects of the relationship among healthcare providers, including clinical laboratories, and their referral sources (i.e.,
physicians, hospitals, other laboratories, etc.). One of these laws, known as the  Anti-Kickback Statute,  contains
extremely broad prohibitions against giving, accepting, soliciting (i.e., asking for) or arranging for remuneration in any form
(i.e., cash, gifts, certain discounts, cross-referrals between parties, etc.), either directly or indirectly, for the purpose of
inducing or rewarding another party for referrals of items or services paid for by a federal government health care program. The
Anti-Kickback statute is very broad and includes the purchasing, ordering, leasing or arranging for, or recommending the purchase,
leasing or ordering of, services paid for by a federal health care program in exchange for remuneration (i.e., anything of value). 

Violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute
may result in, among other things, a criminal conviction, significant monetary penalties and exclusion from federal health care
programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Any person or entity involved in a prohibited transaction is potentially subject to
criminal and civil penalties. A laboratory that claims payment for business generated by the Anti-Kickback Statute may also be
subject to prosecution for violating a separate civil statute, the federal False Claims Act. 

The False Claims Act is also a broad statute
that the government often utilizes to combat fraud and abuse in the health care environment. Among other things, the statute is
violated by any person who knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval;
knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim; conspires
to commit the above (or other specified) violations; or knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be made or used, a false record or
statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the government, or knowingly conceals or knowingly
and improperly avoids or decreases an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the government. The False Claims Act also
provides that private parties may bring an action on behalf of (and in the name of) the United States to prosecute a False Claims
Act violation. These private parties (known as  qui tam relators ) may share in a percentage of the proceeds that result
from a False Claims Act action or settlement. A person or entity found to have violated the False Claims Act may be held liable
for a per claim civil penalty of not less than $5,500 and not more than $11,000, plus three times the amount of damages sustained
by the government. A person violating the False Claims Act is also liable for the costs of the civil action brought to recover
any such penalty or damages. Other consequences may also result from a violation of the False Claims Act. New York has also adopted
its own False Claims Act statute, which closely mirrors its federal counterpart. 

Another Federal law, commonly known as
the  Stark  law, prohibits physicians who have a financial relationship with an entity that furnishes  designated
health services,  which includes clinical laboratory services (including anatomic pathology and clinical chemistry services),
from referring Medicare (and in certain instances Medicaid) beneficiaries to that entity for laboratory tests unless a specific
exception applies. 

In addition, laboratories may not bill
federal health care programs, or any other payor, for services furnished pursuant to a prohibited referral. Violation of the Stark
law may result not only in denial of payment for the underlying testing services, but also the imposition of civil monetary penalties
and, potentially, False Claims Act liability. New York State has adopted laws that are similar to the Federal Stark law, which
contain similar prohibitions and penalties and apply regardless of payer. 

The Stark law and New York State regulations
have also placed restrictions on the supplies and other items that laboratories may provide to their clients. These laws specify
that laboratories may only provide clients with items or devices that are used solely to collect, transport or store specimens
for the laboratory or to communicate results or tests. Items such as biopsy needles, snares and reusable needles are specifically
prohibited from being supplied by laboratories to their clients. The Company has implemented procedures to ensure compliance with
these laws and restrictions. 

In February 1997, the Department of Health
and Human Services, Office of the Inspector General (OIG) released model voluntary compliance program guidance for laboratories.
One key aspect of the model compliance guidance was an emphasis on the responsibility of laboratories to notify physicians that
Medicare covers only medically necessary services. This requirement, and the likely effect on physician test ordering habits, focuses
on chemistry tests, especially routine tests, rather than on anatomic pathology services or the non-automated tests, which make
up the majority of the Company s business measured in terms of net revenues. Nevertheless, it could potentially affect physicians 
test ordering habits more broadly. The Company is unable to predict whether, or to what extent, these developments have impacted,
or may impact, utilization of the Company s services. 

The federal health care reform legislation
adopted in March, 2010, known as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, contains provisions requiring providers to establish
compliance programs as a condition of enrollment in Medicare, Medicaid and the State Children s Health Insurance Program.
Implementing regulations and guidance for clinical laboratories has not yet been issued yet by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services. In addition, New York State has adopted mandatory compliance program requirements for certain specified providers, including
those who directly or indirectly bill or collect more than $500,000 annually in Medicaid payments, and entities licensed under
certain articles of the Public Health Law and Mental Hygiene Law, respectively. The Company has adopted its own Corporate Compliance
Program based upon the OIG model program guidance and in accordance with New York State s requirements. 

The Company s compliance program
focuses on, among other things, establishing clear compliance standards; auditing and monitoring of the Company s billing
and coding practices; training personnel on compliance standards, policies and procedures; preventing and detecting fraud, waste
and abuse, enforcing a policy of non-retaliation and non-intimidation for good faith participation in the compliance program; and
establishing good faith reporting of actual or suspected compliance violations. 

The Company seeks to structure its arrangements
with physicians and other customers in compliance with federal and state Anti-Kickback laws, Stark laws, False Claims Acts, and
other applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to keep current on developments concerning their application to the Company,
including consultation with legal counsel. However, the Company is unable to predict how such laws and regulations will be interpreted
and applied in the future, and thus no assurances can be given that its arrangements or processes will not become subject to scrutiny
by a governmental agency. 

Confidentiality of Health Information  

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) included  administrative simplification  provisions designed to standardize common
electronic transactions in health care and to protect the security and privacy of health information. Congress  purpose in
promulgating HIPAA was to increase the efficiency of health care transactions while, at the same time, protecting the confidentiality
of patient information. Regulations have been adopted for electronic transaction, privacy security and breach notification standards
and include the requirement to use a National Provider Identifier in electronic health care transactions. The National Provider
Identifier is an identifier that replaced all other identifiers that are currently used or healthcare transactions (e.g., UPIN,
Medicaid provider numbers, identifiers assigned by commercial insurers). The regulations promulgated under HIPAA have very broad
applicability, including by specifically applying to health care providers, which include physicians and clinical laboratories
that conduct an electronic transaction for which HIPAA has articulated standards. Together, health plans, health care clearinghouses
and health care providers that conduct standard transactions subject to HIPAA are referred to as  Covered Entities . 

The electronic transaction standards regulations created guidelines
for certain common health care transactions. With certain exceptions, these standards require that, when we conduct certain transactions
electronically with another health care provider, health care clearinghouse or health plan, we must comply with the standards set
forth in the regulations. The regulations established standard data content and format for submitting electronic claims and other
administrative health transactions. Health care providers and health plans are required to use standard formats when transmitting
claims, referrals, authorizations, and certain other transactions electronically. The Company believes it is in compliance with
these standards. 

Privacy, security and breach notification requirements regarding
protected health information ( PHI ).  

We are required to maintain numerous policies and procedures
in order to comply with the HIPAA privacy security and breach notification requirements. Furthermore, we need to continuously ensure
that there are mechanisms in place to safeguard the privacy of PHI that is transmitted or maintained in any format (e.g. oral,
written, or electronic). Failure to comply with these requirements can result in criminal and civil penalties. To comply with the
HIPAA security regulations in particular, we must ensure the confidentiality,  

integrity and availability of all electronic PHI
( EPHI ) that we create, receive, maintain, or transmit. We have some flexibility to fashion our own security measures
to accomplish these goals. The security regulations strongly emphasize that we must periodically conduct an accurate and thorough
assessment of the potential risks and vulnerabilities of the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our EPHI and then document
our response to the various security regulations on the basis of that assessment. 

The privacy, security and breach notification regulations were
last modified in 2013 as a result of final regulations published pursuant to the Health Information Technology Act ( HITECH ).
HITECH requires, among other things, that providers, such as laboratories, notify patients of breaches of unsecured PHI, enter
into new business associate agreements with existing business associates and revise many of their existing privacy policies. In
addition, HITECH makes business associates directly liable to the Federal government for compliance with certain aspects of the
privacy, security and breach notification regulations. As implemented in regulations, a downstream subcontractor of a business
associate that creates, receives, maintains, or transmits PHI on behalf of the business associate is also itself considered a business
associate. Under the regulations issued in 2013, health care providers, such as laboratories, that are subject to HIPAA as a Covered
Entity are vicariously liable for violations of HIPAA based on acts or omissions of their agents, including business associates,
when the agent is acting within the scope of the agency. Complying with the electronic transaction, privacy, security and breach
notification rules requires significant effort and expense for virtually all entities that conduct health care transactions electronically
and handle PHI. 

Medical Regulated Waste  

We are subject to licensing and regulation under federal, state
and local laws relating to the handling and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste, as well as to the safety
and health of laboratory employees. All our laboratories are required to operate in accordance with applicable federal and state
laws and regulations relating to biohazard disposal of all facilities specimens. We use outside vendors to dispose of such specimens.
Although we believe that we comply in all respects with such federal, state and local laws, our failure to comply with those laws
could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions. 

Occupational Safety  

In addition to its comprehensive regulation of safety in the
workplace, the U.S. Federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) has established extensive requirements
relating to workplace safety for health care employers, including clinical laboratories, whose workers may be exposed to blood-borne
pathogens such as HIV and the hepatitis B virus. These regulations, among other things, require work practice controls, protective
clothing and equipment, training, medical follow-up, vaccinations and other measures designed to minimize exposure to, and transmission
of, blood-borne pathogens. The Federal Drug Enforcement Administration regulates the use of controlled substances in testing for
drugs of abuse. We are also subject to OSHA s requirement that employers using hazardous chemicals communicate the properties
and hazards presented by those chemicals to their employees. We believe that we are in compliance with these OSHA requirements.
Our failure to comply with those regulations and requirements could subject us to tort liability, civil fines, criminal penalties
and/or other enforcement actions. 

Other Regulation  

Our business is and will continue to be subject to regulation
under various state and federal environmental, safety and health laws, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, and the Atomic Energy Act or their state law analogs. These and other laws govern our use, handling
and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in our operations and wastes generated by our operations.
We are required to possess licenses under, or are otherwise subject to federal and state regulations pertaining to, the handling
and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive materials. 

We believe that we are in compliance with applicable environmental,
safety and health laws in the United States and internationally and that our continual compliance with these laws will not have
a material adverse effect on our business. All of our laboratories are operated in accordance with applicable federal and state
laws and regulations relating to hazardous substances and wastes, and we use qualified third-party vendors to dispose of biological
specimens and other hazardous wastes. Although we believe that we comply in all respects with such federal, state and local laws,
our failure to comply with those laws could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, civil fines, criminal penalties
and/or other enforcement actions. Environmental contamination resulting from spills or disposal of hazardous substances generated
by our operations, even if caused by a third-party contractor or occurring at a remote location could result in material liability. 

Regulation of Diagnostic Products  

The diagnostic products that are developed by our collaborators,
or by us, are likely to be regulated by the FDA as medical devices. Unless an exemption applies, medical devices must receive either
 510(k) clearance  or pre-market approval ( PMA ) from the FDA before marketing them in the United States.
Both the 510(k) clearance and PMA processes may be costly and time consuming, but the  

process of obtaining PMA approval is much
more costly, lengthy and uncertain. We cannot be sure that 510(k) clearance or PMA approval will ever be obtained for any product
we propose to market. 

The FDA decides whether a device must undergo either the 510(k)
clearance or PMA approval process based upon statutory criteria. These criteria include the level of risk that the agency perceives
is associated with the device and a determination whether the product is a type of device that is similar to devices that are already
legally marketed. Devices deemed to pose relatively less risk are placed in either class I or II, which requires the manufacturer
to submit a premarket notification requesting 510(k) clearance, unless an exemption applies. In a pre-market notification, the
applicant must demonstrate that the proposed device is  substantially equivalent  in intended use and in safety and
effectiveness to a legally marketed  predicate device  that is either in class I, class II, or is a  pre-amendment 
class III device (i.e., one that was in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976) for which the FDA has not yet called for submission
of a PMA application. 

After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that
could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change in its intended use, requires a
new 510(k) clearance or could require a PMA approval. The FDA requires each manufacturer to make this determination in the first
instance, but the FDA can review any such decision. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s decision not to seek a new
510(k) clearance, the agency may retroactively require the manufacturer to seek 510(k) clearance or PMA approval. The FDA also
can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance or PMA approval is obtained. 

Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk, such as
life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices, or deemed not substantially equivalent to a legally marketed class I or
class II predicate device, or to a preamendment class III device, for which PMAs have not been called, are placed in class III.
Such devices are required to undergo the PMA approval process in which the manufacturer must provide sufficient valid scientific
evidence of the safety and effectiveness of the device. A PMA application typically requires the collection of extensive preclinical
and clinical trial data and also information about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design,
manufacturing and labeling. After approval of a PMA, a new PMA or PMA supplement is required in the event of a modification to
the device, its labeling or its manufacturing process. 

Although clinical investigations of most devices are subject
to the investigational device exemption ( IDE ) requirements, clinical investigations of certain in vitro diagnostic
( IVDs ) tests are exempt from the IDE requirement provided the testing is non-invasive, does not require an invasive
sampling procedure that presents a significant risk, does not introduce energy into the subject, and is not used as a diagnostic
procedure without confirmation by another medically established test or procedure. 

In addition, the IVD must be for use in the laboratory research
phase of development and not represented as an effective IVD (i.e. labeled for Research Use Only (RUO)) or for use in product testing
prior to full commercial marketing (i.e. for Investigational Use Only (IUO)). Because RUO and IUO-labeled products are exempt from
most regulatory requirements it is important that they are not distributed for clinical diagnostics use. Mere placement of an RUO
or IUO label on an IVD product does not render the device exempt from otherwise applicable regulatory requirements; indeed, FDA
may determine that the device is intended for use in clinical diagnosis on the basis of other evidence, including how the device
is marketed. FDA recommends that manufacturers assess the totality of the circumstances surrounding the distribution of their RUO
and IUO labeled products to ensure that they are not engaging in practices that conflict with their labeling. The FDA expressed
its intent to exercise heightened enforcement with respect to IUO and RUO devices improperly commercialized prior to receipt of
FDA clearance or approval. 

We have developed products that we currently distribute in the
United States on a RUO basis. There can be no assurance that the FDA would agree that our distribution of these products meets
the requirements for RUO distribution. Furthermore, failure by us or recipients of our RUO products to comply with the regulatory
limitations on the sale and distribution of RUO devices could result in enforcement action by the FDA, including the imposition
of restrictions on our distribution of these products. 

Although FDA has long asserted it has jurisdiction over laboratory-developed
tests, the agency has historically exercised discretion enforcement with respect to most such tests and not required laboratories
that furnish these tests to comply with FDA s regulatory requirements for medical devices. However, on July 31, 2014, the
FDA issued a 60-day notice to Congress indicating that the FDA intends to issue Draft Guidance on the regulation of laboratory-developed
test. In the notice, FDA indicates that it intends to end its policy of general enforcement discretion towards laboratory-developed
test, and proposes the implementation of a risk-based regulatory framework. Under the proposed framework, many laboratory-developed
tests would be subject to FDA s requirements for medical devices, including registration and listing premarket review, medical
device reports and quality systems regulations. The implementation of this framework would not begin until after a Final Guidance
is issued and would occur over a nine year period with those tests that FDA considers to be highest risk falling under FDA s
review requirements first. The draft guidance was released in late September 2014, and a 120   day public comment period
ended February 2015. 

In so far as the devices that we manufacture or distribute are
subject to the premarket notification or premarket approval requirements a host of additional regulatory requirements may apply,
including registration and listing the Quality System Regulation (which requires manufacturers to follow elaborate design, testing,
control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures), the Medical Device Reporting regulation (which requires that manufacturers
report to the FDA certain types of adverse events involving their products), labeling regulations, and the FDA s general
prohibition against promoting products for unapproved or  off label  uses. Class II devices may also be subject to
special controls such as performance standards, post market surveillance, patient registries, and  

FDA guidelines that do not apply
to class I devices. Unanticipated changes in existing regulatory requirements or adoption of new requirements could hurt our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to inspection and market surveillance by the
FDA to determine compliance with regulatory requirements. If the FDA finds that we have failed to comply with applicable requirements,
the agency can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, ranging from a public warning letter to more severe sanctions such
as fines, injunction, civil penalties, recall or seizure of our products, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown
of production, refusal of our requests for 510(k) clearance or PMA approval of new products, withdrawal of 510(k) clearance or
PMA approvals already granted, and criminal prosecution. 

The FDA also has the authority to request repair, replacement
or refund of the cost of any medical device manufactured or distributed by us. Our failure to comply with applicable requirements
could lead to an enforcement action that may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Unanticipated changes in existing regulatory requirements, our
failure to comply with such requirements or adoption of new requirements could have a material adverse effect on us. We have employees
to expedite the preparation and filing of documentation necessary for FDA clearances and approvals, patent issuances and licensing
agreements. We cannot assure you that future clinical diagnostic products developed by us or our collaborators will not be required
to be reviewed by FDA under the more expensive and time consuming pre-market approval process. 

Regulation of Pharmaceutical Products  

New drugs and biological drug products are subject to regulation
under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, and biological products are also regulated under the Public Health Service Act.
We believe that certain products developed by us or our collaborators will be regulated either as biological products or as new
drugs. Both statutes and regulations promulgated thereunder govern, among other things, the testing, licensing, manufacturing,
marketing, distributing, safety, and efficacy requirements, labeling, storage, exporting, record keeping, advertising and other
promotional practices involving biologics or new drugs, as the case may be. FDA review or approval or other clearances must be
obtained before clinical testing, and before manufacturing and marketing, of biologics and drugs. At the FDA, the Center for Biological
Evaluation and Research ( CBER ) is responsible for the regulation of biological drugs and the Center for Drug Evaluation
and Research ( CDER ) is responsible for the regulation of non-biological drugs. Biological drugs are licensed and
other drugs are approved before commercialization. 

Any therapeutics products that we develop will require regulatory
review before clinical trials, and additional regulatory approval before commercialization. New human gene medicine products as
well as immune regulation products, as therapeutics, are subject to regulation by the FDA and comparable agencies in other countries.
The FDA on a case-by-case basis currently reviews each protocol. In addition, the National Institutes of Health ( NIH )
is also involved in the oversight of gene therapies and the FDA has required compliance with certain NIH requirements. 

Federal requirements are detailed in Title 21 of the Code of
Federal Regulations (21 CFR). In addition, the FDA publishes guidance documents with respect to the development of therapeutics
protocols. 

Obtaining FDA approval has historically been a costly and time-consuming
process. Generally, to gain FDA approval, a developer first must conduct pre-clinical studies in the laboratory evaluating product
chemistry, formulation and stability and, if appropriate, in animal model systems, to gain preliminary information on safety and
efficacy. 

Pre-clinical safety tests must be conducted by laboratories
that comply with FDA regulations governing Good Laboratory Practices (GLP). The results of those studies are submitted with information
characterizing the product and its manufacturing process and controls as a part of an investigational new drug ( IND )
application, which the FDA must review and approve before human clinical trials of an investigational drug can start. The IND application
includes a detailed description of the clinical investigations to be undertaken in addition to other pertinent information about
the product, including descriptions of any previous human experience and the company s future plans for studying the drug. 

In order to commercialize our pharmaceutical products, we (as
the sponsor) file an Investigational New Drug ( IND ) application with FDA and will be responsible for initiating and
overseeing the clinical studies to demonstrate the safety and efficacy necessary to obtain FDA marketing approval of any such products.
For INDs that we sponsor, we will be required to select qualified clinical sites (usually physicians affiliated with medical institutions)
to supervise the administration of the investigational product. It is the sponsor s responsibility to ensure that the investigations
are conducted and monitored in accordance with FDA regulations, Good Clinical Practices (GCP) and the general investigational plan
and protocols contained in the IND. This may be done using in-house trained personnel or an outside contract research organization
(CRO). 

Each clinical study is also reviewed approved and overseen by
an Institutional Review Board (IRB). In considering an application to perform a clinical trial, IRB will consider, among other
things, ethical factors and the safety of human subjects participating in the trial. Clinical trials are normally conducted in
three phases, although the phases might overlap. Phase I trials, concerned primarily with the safety and tolerance of the drug,
and its pharmacokinetics (or how it behaves in the body including its absorption and distribution)  

involve fewer than 100 subjects.
Phase II trials normally involve a few hundred patients and are designed primarily to demonstrate preliminary effectiveness and
the most suitable dose or exposure level for treating or diagnosing the disease or condition for which the drug is intended, although
short-term side effects and risks in people whose health is impaired may also be examined. Phase III trials are expanded, adequate
and well-controlled clinical trials with larger numbers of patients and are intended to gather the additional information for proper
dosage and labeling of the drug. Clinical trials may take several years to complete, but the period may vary. 

Certain regulations promulgated by the FDA may shorten the time
periods and reduce the number of patients required to be tested in the case of certain life-threatening diseases, which lack available
alternative treatments. The FDA receives reports on the progress of each phase of clinical testing, and it may require the modification,
suspension or termination of clinical trials if an unwarranted risk is presented to patients. Human gene medicine products are
a new category of therapeutics. 

There can be no assurance regarding the length of the clinical
trial period, the number of patients that the FDA will require to be enrolled in the clinical trials in order to establish the
efficacy, safety, purity and/or potency of human gene medicine products, or that the clinical and other data generated will be
acceptable to the FDA to support marketing approval. 

After completion of clinical trials of a new product, FDA marketing
approval must be obtained before the product can be sold in the United States. If the product is regulated as a new biologic, CBER
requires the submission and approval of a Biologics License Application (BLA) before commercial marketing of the biologic product.
If the product is classified as a new drug, we must file a New Drug Application ( NDA ) with CDER and receive approval
before commercial marketing of the drug. The NDA or BLA must include results of product development, pre-clinical studies and clinical
trials. The testing and approval processes require substantial time and effort and there can be no assurance that any approval
will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. The median time to obtain new product approvals after submission to the FDA is approximately
12 months. If questions arise during the FDA review process, approval can take longer. Before completing its review, the FDA may
seek guidance from an Advisory Panel of outside experts at a public or closed meeting. While the advice of these committees is
not binding on the FDA, it is often followed. Notwithstanding the submission of relevant data, the FDA might ultimately decide
that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and, thus, reject the application, refuse to approve
it, or require additional clinical, preclinical or chemistry studies. Even after FDA regulatory approval or licensure, a marketed
drug product is subject to continual review by the FDA. 

In addition, if previously unknown problems are discovered or
we fail to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements, we might be restricted from marketing a product, we might be required
to withdraw the product from the market, and we might possibly become subject to seizures, injunctions, voluntary recalls, or civil,
monetary or criminal sanctions. In addition, the FDA may condition marketing approval on the conduct of specific post-marketing
studies to further evaluate safety and effectiveness. 

For commercialization of our biological or other drug products,
the manufacturing processes described in our NDA or BLA must receive FDA approval and the manufacturing facility must successfully
pass an inspection prior to approval or licensure of the product for sale within the United States. The pre-approval inspection
assesses whether, for example, the facility complies with the FDA s current good manufacturing practices (cGMP) regulations.
These regulations elaborate testing, control, documentation, personnel, record keeping and other quality assurance procedure requirements
that must be met. 

Once the FDA approves our biological or other drug products
for marketing, we must continue to comply with the cGMP regulations. The FDA periodically inspects biological and other drug manufacturing
facilities to ensure compliance with applicable cGMP requirements. Failure to comply with the statutory and regulatory requirements
subjects the manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, such as suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product or voluntary
recall of a product. 

If a developer obtains designation by the FDA of a biologic
or other drug as an  orphan  for a particular use, the developer may request grants from the federal government to
defray the costs of qualified testing expenses in connection with the development of such drug. Orphan drug designation is possible
for drugs for rare diseases, including many genetic diseases, which means the drug is for a disease that has a prevalence of less
than 200,000 patients in the United States. The first applicant who receives an orphan drug designation and who obtains approval
of a marketing application for such drug acquires the exclusive marketing rights to that drug for that use for a period of seven
years unless the subsequent drug can be shown to be clinically superior. Accordingly, no other company would be allowed to market
an identical orphan drug with the same active ingredient for the use approved by the FDA for seven years after the approval. 

Manufacturing and Research Facilities  

Our integrated laboratory and scientific efforts for our three
segments take place primarily at our two adjacent facilities in Farmingdale, New York. A major part of one facility is utilized
by Life Science as its global headquarters, and also for research and manufacturing with special handling capabilities and clean
rooms suitable for our operations. The Life Sciences segment has centered its US logistics, reagent and kit manufacturing at its
facility in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and has European logistics operations in Lausen, Switzerland. We also contract with qualified
third-party contractors to manufacture our products in cases where we deem it appropriate, for example, when it is not cost-effective
to produce a product ourselves or where we seek to leverage the expertise of another manufacturer in a certain area. 

Employees  

As of July 31, 2016, we employed 446 full-time and 43 part-time
employees. Of the full-time employees, 108 were engaged in research, development, manufacturing, and marketing of research products,
272 in performing testing, marketing and billing our clinical laboratories services and 66 in finance, information technology,
administrative and executive functions. Our scientific staff, including 35 individuals with post graduate degrees, possesses a
wide range of experience and expertise in the areas of recombinant DNA, nucleic acid chemistry, molecular biology and immunology.
We believe that we have established good relationships with our employees. 

Information Systems  

Information systems are used extensively in virtually all aspects
of our businesses. In our clinical laboratory business, our information systems are critical with respect to laboratory testing,
billing, accounts receivable, customer service, logistics, and management of medical data. Our success depends, in part, on the
continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems. Computer systems are vulnerable to damage from a
variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts and natural disasters. 

Moreover, despite network security measures, some of our servers
are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. We have invested
heavily in the upgrade of our information and telecommunications systems to improve the quality, efficiency and security of our
businesses. In addition, to complement our proprietary physician connectivity solution, EnzoDirect we have a web portal version
which allows physicians to receive laboratory results from any personal computer with a browser and an Internet connection. 

Despite the precautionary measures that we have taken to prevent
unanticipated problems that could affect our information technology systems, sustained or repeated system failures that interrupt
our ability to process test orders, deliver test results or perform tests in a timely manner could adversely affect our reputation
and result in a loss of customers and net revenues. 

Quality Assurance  

We consider the quality of our clinical laboratory tests to
be of critical importance, and, therefore, we maintain a comprehensive quality assurance program designed to help assure accurate
and timely test results. In addition to the compulsory external inspections and proficiency programs demanded by the Medicare program
and other regulatory agencies, our clinical laboratory has in place systems to emphasize and monitor quality assurance. 

In addition to our own internal quality control programs, our
laboratory participates in numerous externally administered, blind quality surveillance programs, including on-site evaluation
by the College of American Pathologies ( CAP ) proficiency testing program and the New York State survey program. The
blind programs supplement all other quality assurance procedures and give our management the opportunity to review our technical
and service performance from the client s perspective. 

The CAP accreditation program involves both on-site inspections
of our laboratory and participation in the CAP s proficiency testing program for all categories in which our laboratory is
accredited by the CAP. The CAP is an independent nongovernmental organization of board certified pathologists, which offers an
accreditation program to which laboratories can voluntarily subscribe. A laboratory s receipt of accreditation by the CAP
satisfies the Medicare requirement for participation in proficiency testing programs administered by an external source. Our clinical
laboratory facilities are accredited by the CAP. 

FORWARD - LOOKING AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS  

This Annual Report contains  forward-looking statements 
as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including,
without limitation, the statements under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  are  forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements may include the words  believes, 
 expects,   plans,   intends,   anticipates,   continues  or other
similar expressions. These statements are based on the Company s current expectations of future events and are subject to
a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those described
in the forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. The Company assumes no obligation
to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 

The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). These filings are available
to the public via the Internet at the SEC s website located at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document
the Company files with the SEC at the SEC s public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.
For more information, please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

The Company s website is located at  www.enzo.com. 
The Company makes available on its website a link to all filings that it makes with the SEC. You may request a copy of the Company s
filings with the SEC (excluding exhibits) at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: 

Enzo Biochem, Inc. 

 527 Madison Ave. 

 New York, New York 10022 

 Tel: (212) 583-0100 

 Attn: Investor Relations 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors   

Business Risks   

Our operating results may vary from period to period.  

Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to
quarter and from year to year, depending on a variety of factors including: 

competitive conditions, including changes in third-party reimbursements;   

health care reform regulations affecting providers and plan sponsors;   

changes in reimbursement policies from third party payers;   

exchange rate fluctuations;   

changes in tax laws, the results of tax audits or the measurement of tax uncertainties;   

the timing of our research and development, sales and marketing expenses;   

the introduction of new products by us or our competitors;   

the success of identifying, acquiring and integrating businesses that complement our product offerings, add new technology or add presence in a market;   

expenses associated with defending our intellectual property portfolio;   

customer demand for our products due to changes in purchasing requirements and research needs;   

general worldwide economic conditions affecting funding of research; and   

seasonal fluctuations affected by weather and holiday periods.   

Consequently, results for any interim period may not necessarily
be indicative of results in subsequent periods. 

A significant proportion of our sales are to academic centers,
funded by government grants in our major markets globally.  

Governments around the world have been reviewing long term public
funding of life science research in response to the problems arising from global financial pressures. As a result, the available
funds for discretionary purchases from market to market have been capped or reduced based on available National budgets. Reduced
grants for researchers could impact our business, in the amount, price and type of products bought and used by customers. 

A significant proportion of our sales are to customers in
pharmaceutical and biotech companies.  

Globally, pharmaceutical companies are challenging internal
budgets, and the return of investment from their R D spend. This could impact our business, in the amount, price and type of
products bought and used by customers. 

Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to
enhance existing products, develop and introduce new products and realize commercial acceptance of those products, in a rapidly
changing technological environment.  

The market for our products is characterized by rapidly changing
technology, evolving industry standards and new product introductions, which may make our existing products obsolete. Our future
success will depend in part upon our ability to enhance existing products, develop and introduce new products, and realize commercial
acceptance of those products 

The development of new or enhanced products is a complex and
uncertain process requiring the accurate anticipation of technological and market trends as well as precise technological execution.
In addition, the successful development of new products will depend on the development of new technologies. We will be required
to undertake time-consuming and costly development activities and to seek regulatory approval for these new products. We may experience
difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction and marketing of these new products. Regulatory
clearance or approval of any new products may not be granted by the FDA, state-wide agency or foreign regulatory authorities on
a timely basis, or at all, and the new products may not be successfully commercialized. 

We may be unable to identify, acquire and integrate acquisition
targets.  

Our strategy envisions, if an opportunistic target is identified,
future growth from acquiring and integrating similar operations and/or product or services lines. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates and, once identified, to negotiate successfully their acquisition at
a price or on terms and conditions favorable to us, or to integrate the operations of such acquired businesses with the existing
operations. In addition, we compete for acquisition candidates with other entities, some of which have greater financial resources
than ours. Failure to implement successfully our acquisition strategy would limit our potential growth. 

Our inability to carry out certain of our marketing and sales
plans may make it difficult for us to grow or maintain our business.  

The Life Sciences segment continues a marketing program designed
to more directly service its end users, while simultaneously promoting the Enzo Life Science brand, with reference to our acquired
brands. We will continue to reach out to our customers using our direct field sales force, in-house business team, the on-going
enhancement of our interactive websites, continued attendance at top industry trade meetings, and publications to customers and
in leading scientific journals. In addition to our direct sales, we operate worldwide through wholly-owned subsidiaries (in USA,
Switzerland, Belgium, Germany, and the UK), a branch office in France and a network of third-party distributors in most other significant
markets. If we are unable to successfully continue these programs, we may be unable to grow and our business could suffer. 

We face significant competition, which could cause us to
decrease the prices for our products or services or render our products uneconomical or obsolete, any of which could reduce our
revenues and limit our growth.  

Our competitors in the biotechnology industry in the United
States and abroad are numerous and include major pharmaceutical, energy, food and chemical companies, as well as specialized genetic
engineering firms. Many of our large competitors have substantially greater resources than us and have the capability of developing
products which compete directly with our products. Many of these companies are performing research in the same areas as we are.
The markets for our products are also subject to competitive risks because markets are highly price competitive. Our competitors
have competed in the past by lowering prices on certain products. 

The clinical laboratory business is highly fragmented and intensely
competitive, and we compete with numerous national and local companies. Some of these entities are larger than we are and have
greater resources than we do. We compete primarily on the basis of the quality of our testing, reporting and information services,
our reputation in the medical community, the pricing of our services and our ability to employ qualified professionals. 

These competitive conditions could, among other things: 

Require us to reduce our prices to retain market share;   

Require us to increase our marketing efforts which could reduce our profit margins;   

Increase our cost of labor to attract qualified personnel;   

Render our biotechnology products uneconomical or obsolete or;   

Reduce our revenue.   

Ethical, legal and social concerns surrounding the use of
genetic information could reduce demand for our products.  

Genetic testing has raised ethical issues regarding privacy
and the appropriate uses of the resulting information. For these reasons, governmental authorities may call for limits on or regulation
of the use of genetic testing or prohibit testing for genetic predisposition  

to certain conditions, particularly for those that
have no known cure. Similarly, such concerns may lead individuals to refuse to use genetics tests even if permissible. Any of these
scenarios could reduce the potential markets for our molecular diagnostic products, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on distributors and contract manufacturers and
suppliers for materials that could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products.  

Our Life Sciences segment manufactures and distributes our own
brand products and the products of third party manufacturers and suppliers. Distributors also sell our branded products. To the
extent we are unable to maintain or replace a distributor in a reasonable time period, or on commercially reasonable terms, if
at all, our operations could be disrupted. 

Outside distributors, suppliers and contract manufacturers provide
key finished goods, components and raw materials used in the sale and manufacture of our products. Although we believe that alternative
sources for components and raw materials are available, any supply interruption in a limited or sole source component or raw material
would harm our ability to manufacture our products until a new source of supply is identified and qualified. In addition, an uncorrected
defect or supplier s variation in a component or raw material, either unknown to us or incompatible with our manufacturing
process, could harm our ability to manufacture products. We might not be able to find a sufficient alternative supplier in a reasonable
time period, or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we fail to obtain a supplier for the components of our products,
our operations could be disrupted. 

We use hazardous materials in our business. Any claims relating
to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials could be costly and time-consuming.  

Our manufacturing, clinical laboratory and research and development
processes involve the storage, use and disposal of hazardous substances, including hazardous chemicals, biological hazardous materials
and radioactive compounds. We are subject to governmental regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal
of materials and waste products. Although we believe that our safety and environmental management practices and procedures for
handling and disposing of these hazardous materials are in accordance with good industry practice and comply with applicable laws,
permits, licenses and regulations, the risk of accidental environmental or human contamination or injury from the release or exposure
of hazardous materials cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that
result, including environmental clean-up or decontamination costs, and any such liability could exceed the limits of, or fall outside
the coverage of, our insurance. 

We may not be able to maintain insurance on acceptable terms,
or at all. We could be required to incur significant costs to comply with current or future environmental and public and workplace
safety and health laws and regulations. 

We are required to expend significant resources for research
and development for our products in development and these products may not be developed successfully. Failure to successfully develop
these products may prevent us from earning a return on our research and development expenditures.  

The products we are developing are at various stages of development
and clinical evaluations and may require further technical development and investment to determine whether commercial application
is practicable. There can be no assurance that our efforts will result in products with valuable commercial applications. Our cash
requirements may vary materially from current estimates because of results of our research and development programs, competitive
and technological advances and other factors. In any event, we will require substantial funds to conduct development activities
and pre-clinical and clinical trials, apply for regulatory approvals and commercialize products, if any, that are developed. 

We do not have any commitments or arrangements to obtain any
additional financing and there is no assurance that required financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all.
Even if we spend substantial amounts on research and development, our potential products may not be developed successfully. 

If our product candidates on which we have expended significant
amounts for research and development are not commercialized, we will not earn a return on our research and development expenditures,
which may harm our business. 

Risks relating to our Intellectual Property and Regulatory
Approval   

Protecting our proprietary rights is difficult and costly.
If we fail to adequately protect or enforce our proprietary rights, we could lose potential revenue from licensing and royalties.  

Our potential revenue and success depends in large part on our
ability to obtain, maintain and enforce our patents. Our ability to commercialize any product successfully will largely depend
on our ability to obtain and maintain patents of sufficient scope to prevent  

third parties from developing similar or competitive
products. In the absence of patent protection, competitors may impact our business by developing and marketing substantially equivalent
products and technology. 

Patent disputes are frequent and can preclude the commercialization
of products. We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be, involved in material patent litigation, such as
the matters discussed under  Part I - Item 3. Legal Proceedings  in this report. Patent protection litigation is time-consuming
and we have incurred and anticipate continuing to incur significant legal costs. In addition, an adverse decision could force us
to either obtain third-party licenses at a material cost or cease using the technology or product in dispute. 

We have filed applications for United States and foreign patents
covering certain aspects of our technology, but there is no assurance that pending patents will issue or as to the degree of protection
which any issued patent might afford. 

Lawsuits, including patent infringements, in the biotechnology
industry are not uncommon. If we become involved in any significant litigation, we would suffer as a result of the diversion of
our management s attention, the expense of litigation and any judgments against us.  

In addition to intellectual property litigation for infringement,
other substantial, complex or extended litigation could result in large expenditures by us and distraction of our management. Patent
litigation is time-consuming and costly in its own right and could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties. In addition,
an adverse decision could force us to either obtain third-party licenses at a material cost or cease using the technology or product
in dispute. In addition, lawsuits by employees, stockholders, collaborators or distributors could be very costly and substantially
disrupt our business. Disputes from time to time with companies or individuals are not uncommon in the biotechnology industry,
and we cannot assure you that we will always be able to resolve them out of court. 

We also utilize certain unpatented proprietary technology and
no assurance can be given that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary technology, that such
proprietary technology will not be disclosed or that we can meaningfully protect our rights to such proprietary technology. 

Our business is subject to governmental
laws and regulations. We may be unable to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals for our products, which could reduce our revenue
or prevent us from earning a return on our research and development expenditures.  

Our research, preclinical development, clinical trials, product
manufacturing and marketing are subject to regulation by the FDA and similar health authorities in foreign countries. FDA approval
is required for our products, as well as the manufacturing processes and facilities, if any, used to produce our products that
may be sold in the United States. The process of obtaining approvals from the FDA is costly, time consuming and often subject to
unanticipated delays. Even if regulatory approval is granted, such approval may include significant limitations on indicated uses
for which any products could be marketed. Further, even if such regulatory approvals are obtained, a marketed product and its manufacturer
are subject to continued review, and later discovery of previously unknown problems may result in restrictions on such product
or manufacturer, including withdrawal of the product from the market. 

New government regulations in the United States or foreign countries
also may be established that could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our products under development. Further, because gene
therapy is a relatively new technology and has not been extensively tested in humans, the regulatory requirements governing gene
therapy products are uncertain and may be subject to substantial further review by various regulatory authorities in the United
States and abroad. This uncertainty may result in extensive delays in initiating clinical trials and in the regulatory approval
process. Our failure to obtain regulatory approval of our proposed products, processes or facilities could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The proposed products under development may also be subject
to certain other federal, state and local government regulations, including, but not limited to, the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act, the Environmental Protection Act, and Occupational Safety and Health Act, and state, local and foreign counterparts to certain
of such acts. 

In November 2013 the FDA issued a Guidance document entitled
 Distribution of  In Vitro  Diagnostic Products Labeled for Research Use Only or Investigational Use Only,  or
the RUO Guidance, which highlights the FDA s interpretation that distribution of RUO products with any labeling, advertising
or promotion that suggests that clinical laboratories can validate the test through their own procedures and subsequently offer
it for clinical diagnostic use as an LDT is in conflict with RUO status. The RUO Guidance further articulates the FDA s position
that any assistance offered in performing clinical validation or verification, or similar specialized technical support, to clinical
laboratories, is in conflict with RUO status. More recently, on October 3, 2014, the FDA announced the availability of a draft
guidance entitled  Framework for Regulatory Oversight of Laboratory-Developed Tests,  a risk-based oversight framework
for LDTs. If the draft guidance is finalized as presently written, such oversight framework includes a premarket review for higher-risk
LDTs, such as those that have the same intended use as an FDA-approved or cleared companion diagnostic currently on the market,
as well as other high risk and moderate risk LDTs over time. As a result of the draft guidance, we may be required to seek clearance
or approval to offer our tests for clinical use earlier than we otherwise might have done. If we engage in any activities that

are in conflict with the RUO status held by some of the tests that we sell or intend to sell, we may be subject to immediate, severe
and broad FDA enforcement action that would adversely affect our ability to continue operations. Accordingly, if the FDA finds
that we are distributing our RUO products in a manner that is inconsistent with its guidance, we may be forced to stop distribution
of our RUO tests until we are in compliance, which, would reduce our revenue, increase our costs and adversely affect our business,
prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

We cannot be sure that we can obtain necessary regulatory approvals
on a timely basis, if at all, for any of the products we are developing or manufacturing or that we can maintain necessary regulatory
approvals for our existing products, and all of the following could have a material adverse effect on our business: 

significant delays in obtaining or failing to obtain required approvals;   

loss of, or changes to, previously obtained approvals;   

failure to comply with existing or future regulatory requirements and;   

changes to manufacturing processes, manufacturing process standards or Good Manufacturing Practices following approval or changing interpretations of these factors.   

Adverse perception and increased regulatory scrutiny of gene
medicine and genetic research might limit our ability to conduct our business.  

Ethical, social and legal concerns about gene medicine, genetic
testing and genetic research could result in additional regulations restricting or prohibiting the technologies we or our collaborators
may use. Recently, gene medicine studies have come under increasing scrutiny, which has delayed on-going and could delay future
clinical trials and regulatory approvals. Federal and state agencies, congressional committees and foreign governments have expressed
interest in further regulating biotechnology. More restrictive regulations or claims that our products are unsafe or pose a hazard
could prevent us from commercializing any products. 

Financial Risks   

With the exception of 2016, we have experienced significant
losses in our previous five fiscal years and quarter to quarter over such periods and our losses have resulted in the use of cash
in operations. If such losses and cash uses continue, the value of your investment could decline significantly.  

Although for fiscal year 2016, we reported net income of $45.3
million, we incurred net losses of $2.3 million, and $10.0 million for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
If our revenues do not increase, or if our operating expenses exceed expectations or cannot be reduced, we will continue to suffer
substantial losses and use cash in operations which could have an adverse effect on our business and adversely affect your investment
in our Company. 

We may need additional capital to fund growth, which may
not be available on acceptable terms or at all, and could result in our business plan being limited and our business being harmed.  

Our ability to increase revenue and improve profitability and
liquidity will depend in part on our ability to grow the Enzo Life Science business with higher margin products and increase our
market share and continue to grow the Enzo Clinical Lab business with new tests with higher reimbursements and increase our service
volume which may require significant additional capital that may not be available to us. We may need additional financing due to
future developments, changes in our business plan or failure of our current business plan to succeed, which could result from increased
marketing, distribution or research and development costs. Our actual funding requirements could vary materially from our current
estimates. If additional financing is needed, we may not be able to raise sufficient funds on favourable terms or at all. If we
issue common stock or securities convertible into common stock in the future, such issuance will result in the then-existing stockholders
sustaining dilution to their relative proportion of our outstanding equity. If we fail to obtain any necessary financing on a timely
basis, then our ability to execute our current business plan may be limited, and our business, liquidity and financial condition
could be harmed. 

We may incur impairment charges on our goodwill and intangibles
which would reduce our earnings.  

We are subject to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
ASC 350,  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other ( ASC 350 ) which requires that goodwill and other intangible assets
that have an indefinite life be tested at least annually for impairment. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives
must also be tested for impairment between the annual tests if a triggering event occurs that would likely reduce the fair value
of the asset below its carrying amount. 

As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, goodwill and intangible assets
represented approximately 11% and 20%, respectively, of our total assets. If we determine that there has been impairment, our financial
results for the relevant period would be reduced by the amount of the impairment, net of tax effects, if any. The Company has no
intangible assets with indefinite lives. 

Risks relating to our Clinical Labs segment   

Our clinical laboratory business is subject to extensive
government regulation and our loss of any required certifications or licenses could require us to cease operating this part of
our business, which would reduce our revenue and injure our reputation.  

The clinical
laboratory industry is subject to significant governmental regulation at the Federal, state and local levels. Under the Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Act of 1967 and the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (collectively, as amended,  CLIA )
virtually all clinical laboratories, including ours, must be certified by the Federal government. Many clinical laboratories also
must meet other governmental standards, undergo proficiency testing and are subject to inspection. Certifications or licenses are
also required by various state and local laws. The failure of our clinical laboratory to obtain or maintain such certifications
or licenses under these laws could interrupt our ability to operate our clinical laboratory business and injure our reputation.
  The Protecting Access to Medicare Act ( PAMA ) of 2014 is impacting
the clinical laboratory testing industry. Key parts of this legislation include provisions that provide for the establishment of
an advisory panel and a market-based process to rebase the clinical laboratory fee schedule, developing a new fee schedule and
limiting reductions in that fee schedule. If this process does not recognize the value that clinical laboratory testing brings
to the healthcare system, our business can be materially adversely impacted.  

Reimbursements from third-party payers, upon which our clinical
laboratory business is dependent, are subject to inconsistent rates and coverage and legislative reform that are beyond our control.
This inconsistency and any reform that decreases coverage and rates could reduce our earnings and harm our business.  

Our clinical laboratory business is primarily dependent upon
reimbursement from third-party payers, such as Medicaid, Medicare (which principally serves patients 65 and older) and commercial
insurers. We are subject to variances in reimbursement rates among different third-party payers, as well as constant renegotiation
of those reimbursement rates. Government and non-government payers have in the past sought, and continue to seek, to reduce and
limit utilization and reimbursement of healthcare services, including in the area of genetic testing. We also are subject to audit
by Medicare and the commercial insurers, which can result in the return of payments made to us under these programs. These variances
in reimbursement rates and audit results could reduce our margins and thus our earnings. 

The health care industry continues to undergo significant change
as third-party payers  increase their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of health care services. In an
effort to address the problem of increasing health care costs, legislation has been proposed or enacted at both the Federal and
state levels to regulate health care delivery in general and clinical laboratories in particular. Some of the proposals include
managed competition, global budgeting and price controls. Changes that decrease reimbursement rates or coverage, or increase administrative
burdens on billing third-party payers could reduce our revenues and increase our expenses. 

Since each payer makes its own decision as to whether to establish
a policy or enter into a contract to cover our tests, as well as the amount it will reimburse for a test, seeking these approvals
is a time-consuming and costly process. In addition, the determination by a payer to cover and the amount it will reimburse for
our tests will likely be made on an indication by indication basis. To date, we have obtained policy-level reimbursement approval
or contractual reimbursement for some indications for our test from a small number of commercial third-party payers, and have not
obtained coverage from Medicare or any state Medicaid program. Further, we believe that establishing adequate reimbursement from
Medicare is an important factor in gaining adoption from healthcare providers. Our claims for reimbursement from commercial payers
may be denied upon submission, and we must appeal the claims. The appeals process is time consuming and expensive, and may not
result in payment. In cases where there is not a contracted rate for reimbursement, there is typically a greater co-insurance or
co-payment requirement from the patient which may result in further delay or decreased likelihood of collection. 

We expect to continue to focus substantial resources on increasing
adoption of, and coverage and reimbursement for, our current tests and any future tests we may develop. We believe it may take
several years to achieve coverage and adequate contracted reimbursement with a majority of third-party payers. However, we cannot
predict whether, under what circumstances, or at what payment levels payers will reimburse for our tests. If we fail to establish
and maintain broad adoption of, and coverage and reimbursement for, our tests, our ability to generate revenue could be harmed
and our future prospects and our business could suffer. 

U.S. healthcare reform legislation may result in significant
change and our business could be adversely impacted if we fail to adapt.  

Government oversight of and attention to the healthcare industry
in the United States is significant and increasing. Under the Patient Protections and affordable Care Act, expansion in the pool
of covered lives may expand the market for clinical diagnostic testing while at the same time, various policies aimed at reducing
costs or bundling care may reduce the rates paid for such services  the net impact of these factors on the market for our
tests is not clear. In April 2014, Congress passed the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, which include substantial changes
to the way in which clinical laboratory services will be paid under Medicare. Beginning in 2017, Medicare payments for clinical
laboratory services will be paid based upon private payer rates reported by clinical laboratories across the US replacing the current
system, which is based upon fee schedules derived from historical charges for test from approximately 30 years ago. The impact
of the new payment system on rates for tests we perform or our customers  tests that may use our products is not clear at
this time. 

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act also imposes
an excise tax on the seller for the sale of certain medical devices in the United States, including those purchased and used by
laboratories, beginning in 2013. The legislation also establishes the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which will be responsible,
beginning in 2014, annually to submit proposals aimed at reducing Medicare cost growth while preserving quality. If the projected
growth in per capita Medicare costs exceeds a specified target level, the IPAB must submit proposals to reduce or eliminate the
difference. For calendar years 2015 through 2019, the target growth rate is the projected average of the increases in the Consumer
Price Index and the medical care expenditure category of the Consumer Price Index; for 2020 and thereafter, the target growth rate
is the rate of increase in gross domestic product per capita plus one percentage point. If it is necessary for the IPAB to submit
proposals, they will automatically be implemented unless Congress enacts alternative proposals that achieve the same savings targets. 

Further, the legislation calls for a Center for Medicare and
Medicaid Innovation that will examine alternative payment methodologies and conduct demonstration programs. The legislation provides
for extensive health insurance reforms, including the elimination of pre-existing condition exclusions and other limitations on
coverage, fixed percentages on medical loss ratios, expansion in Medicaid and other programs, employer mandates, individual mandates,
creation of state and regional health insurance exchanges, and tax subsidies for individuals to help cover the cost of individual
insurance coverage. The legislation also permits the establishment of accountable care organizations, a new healthcare delivery
model. While the ultimate impact of the legislation on the healthcare industry is unknown, it is likely to be extensive and may
result in significant change. Our failure to adapt to these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Changes in provider mix, including continued growth in capitated
managed-cost health care and changes in certain third party provider agreements could have a material adverse impact on the Company s
net revenues and profitability.  

Certain third party provider companies have adopted national
and regional programs which include multiple managed-care reimbursement models. If the Company is unable to participate in these
programs or if the Company would lose a material contract, it could have a material adverse impact on the Company s net revenues
and profitability. 

The number of individuals covered under managed care contracts
or other similar arrangements has grown over the past several years and may continue to grow in the future. In addition, Medicare
and other government healthcare programs may continue to shift to managed care. Entities providing managed care coverage have reduced
payments for medical services, including clinical laboratory services, in numerous ways such as entering into arrangements under
which payments to a service provider are capitated, limiting testing to specified procedures, denying payment for services performed
without prior authorization and refusing to increase fees for specified services. These trends reduce our revenues and limit our
ability to pass cost increases to our customers. Also, if these or other managed care organizations do not select us as a participating
provider, we may lose some or all of that business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Because of competitive pressures, impacts of the economy
on patient traffic at our customers and the complexity and expense of the billing process in our clinical laboratory business,
we must obtain new customers while maintaining existing customers to grow our business.  

Intense competition in the clinical laboratory business, increasing
administrative burdens upon the reimbursement process, reduced patient traffic, and reduced coverage and payments by insurers make
it necessary for us to increase our volume of laboratory services. To do so, we must obtain new customers while retaining existing
customers. 

Our failure to attract new customers or the loss of existing
customers or a reduction in business from those customers could significantly reduce our revenues and impede our ability to grow. 

Compliance with Medicare administrative policies, including
those pertaining to certain automated blood chemistry profiles, may reduce the reimbursements we receive.  

Containment of health care costs, including reimbursement for
clinical laboratory services, has been a focus of on-going governmental activity. Clinical laboratories must bill Medicare directly
for the services provided to Medicare beneficiaries and may only collect the amounts permitted under this fee schedule. Reimbursement
to clinical laboratories under the Medicare Fee Schedule has been steadily declining since its inception. Because a significant
portion of our costs is fixed, these Medicare reimbursement reductions and changes have a direct adverse effect on our net earnings
and cash flows. 

The development of new, more cost-effective tests that can
be performed by our customers or by patients, and the continued internalization of testing by hospitals or physicians, could negatively
impact our testing volume and revenues.  

The diagnostic industry is faced with changing technology and
new product introductions, including technology that enables more convenient or cost-effective testing. Some of our competitors
also may offer testing to be performed outside of a commercial clinical laboratory, such as point-of-care testing that can be performed
by physicians in their offices; complex testing that can be performed by hospitals in their own laboratories; and home testing
that can be carried out without requiring the services of outside providers. Advances in technology also may lead to the need for
less frequent testing. Further, diagnostic tests approved or cleared by the FDA for home use are automatically deemed to be  waived 
tests under CLIA and may be performed by patients in their homes; test kit manufacturers could seek to increase sales to patients
of such test kits. Development of such technology and its use by our customers would reduce the demand for our laboratory-based
testing services and negatively impact our revenues. 

Our business could be harmed from the loss or suspension
of a license or imposition of a fine or penalties under, or future changes in, or changing interpretations of, CLIA or state laboratory
licensing laws to which we are subject.  

The clinical laboratory testing industry is subject to extensive
federal and state regulation, and many of these statutes and regulations have not been interpreted by the courts. The Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, or CLIA, are federal regulatory standards that apply to virtually all clinical laboratories
(regardless of the location, size or type of laboratory), including those operated by physicians in their offices, by requiring
that they be certified by the federal government or by a federally approved accreditation agency. CLIA does not pre-empt state
law, which in some cases may be more stringent than federal law and require additional personnel qualifications, quality control,
record maintenance and proficiency testing. The sanction for failure to comply with CLIA and state requirements may be suspension,
revocation or limitation of a laboratory s CLIA certificate, which is necessary to conduct business, as well as significant
fines and/or criminal penalties. Several states have similar laws and we may be subject to similar penalties. 

We cannot assure that applicable statutes and regulations will
not be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that would adversely affect our
business. Potential sanctions for violation of these statutes and regulations include significant fines and the suspension or loss
of various licenses, certificates and authorizations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition,
compliance with future legislation could impose additional requirements on us, which may be costly. 

Regulations requiring the use of  standard transactions 
for healthcare services may negatively impact our profitability and cash flows.  

The administrative simplification provisions of the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations, or HIPAA, were designed to improve the efficiency
and effectiveness of the healthcare system by facilitating the electronic exchange of information in certain financial and administrative
transactions while protecting the privacy and security of the information exchanged. The administrative simplification provisions
address standards for electronic transactions, security regulations and privacy regulations. 

The HIPAA transaction standards are complex, and subject to
differences in interpretation by payers. For instance, some payers may interpret the standards to require us to provide certain
types of information, including demographic information not usually provided to us by physicians. While most of our transactions
are submitted and/or received in ANSI standard format, inconsistent application of transaction standards by some remaining payers
or our inability to obtain certain billing information not usually provided to us by physicians could increase our costs and the
complexity of billing. In addition, new requirements for additional standard transactions, such as claims attachments, could prove
technically difficult, time-consuming or expensive to implement. We are working closely with our payers to establish acceptable
protocols for claims submissions and with our industry trade association and an industry coalition to present issues and problems
as they arise to the appropriate regulators and standards setting organizations. 

Our business could be adversely impacted by CMS  adoption
of the new coding set for diagnoses.  

CMS has adopted a new coding set for diagnosis, commonly known
as ICD-10, which significantly expands the coding set for diagnoses. The new coding set was required to be implemented by October
1, 2015. We must adequately implement the new coding set. In addition, physicians may fail to provide appropriate codes for desired
tests; historically, delays in billing have resulted in increased costs and decreased collection of payment. 

Compliance with the HIPAA security, privacy and breach notification
regulations and privacy regulations may increase our costs.  

The HIPAA privacy and security and breach notification regulations
establish comprehensive federal standards with respect to the uses and disclosures PHI by Covered Entities. These regulations were
recently amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and its implementing regulations, or
HITECH, to, among other things directly apply to business associates (i.e., individuals or entities who create, receive, maintain
or transmit PHI on behalf of a Covered Entity in performing functions or activities regulated by HIPAA or who perform certain services,
other than treatment, on behalf of Covered Entities and receive PHI in order to perform such services) with regard to certain requirements.
The regulations also specify that business associates include subcontractors that create, receive, maintain or transmit PHI on
behalf of a business associate. The regulations establish a complex regulatory framework on a variety of subjects, including: 

the circumstances under which uses and disclosures of PHI are permitted or required without a specific authorization by the patient, including but not limited to treatment purposes, activities to obtain payments for our services, and our healthcare operations activities;   

a patient s rights to access, amend and receive an accounting of certain disclosures of PHI;   

requirements to notify individuals if there is a breach of their PHI;   

the requirements for business associates and the terms of business associate agreements;   

the content of notices of privacy practices for protected health information and;   

administrative, technical and physical safeguards required of entities that use or receive PHI.   

We have implemented practices to meet the requirements of the
HIPAA privacy, security and breach notification regulations, and updated these practices to comply with HITECH. HIPAA establishes
a  floor  and does not supersede state laws that are more stringent. Therefore, we are required to comply with federal
privacy security and breach notification regulations and varying state privacy, security and breach notification laws and regulations.
In addition, for healthcare data transfers from other countries relating to citizens of those countries, we must comply with the
laws of those other countries. The federal privacy regulations restrict our ability to use or disclose patient-identifiable laboratory
data, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment, treatment, healthcare operations and certain other specified
disclosures such as public health and governmental oversight of the health care industry. The privacy, security and breach notification
regulations provide for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of PHI, including potential civil
and criminal fines and penalties. Although the HIPAA statute and regulations do not expressly provide for a private right of damages,
we also could incur damages under state laws to private parties for the wrongful use or disclosure of confidential health information
or other private personal information. 

Compliance with all of the HIPAA regulations, including standard
transactions, requires on-going resources from all healthcare organizations, not just clinical laboratories. While we believe our
total costs to comply with HIPAA will not be material to our operations or cash flows, new standard transactions and additional
customer requirements resulting from different interpretations of the current regulations could impose additional costs on us. 

FDA regulation of laboratory-developed tests, analyte specific
reagents, or genetic testing could lead to increased costs and delays in introducing new genetic tests.  

The FDA has regulatory responsibility over instruments, test
kits, reagents and other devices used to perform diagnostic testing by clinical laboratories. In the past, the FDA has claimed
regulatory authority over laboratory-developed tests, but has exercised enforcement discretion in not regulating tests performed
by high complexity CLIA-certified laboratories. However, on July 31, 2014, the FDA issued a 60-day notice to Congress indicating
that the FDA intends to issue Draft Guidance on the regulation of laboratory-developed tests. In the notice, FDA indicates that
it intends to end its policy of general enforcement discretion towards laboratory-developed tests, and proposes the implementation
of a risk-based regulatory framework. Under the proposed framework many laboratory-developed tests would be subject to FDA s
regulations for medical devices, including registrations and listing premarket review, medical device reports, and quality systems
regulations. The implementation of this framework would not begin until after a Final Guidance is issued and would occur over a
nine year period with those tests that FDA considers to be highest risk falling under FDA s review requirements first. On
September 30, 2014, the FDA issued draft guidelines and announced a 120 day public comment period on its proposal. 

In December 2000, the HHS Secretary s Advisory Committee
on Genetic Testing recommended that the FDA be the lead federal agency to regulate genetic testing. In late 2002, a new HHS Secretary s
Advisory Committee on Genetics, Health and Society, or SACGHS, was appointed to replace the prior Advisory Committee. Ultimately,
SACGHS decided that it would continue to monitor the progress of the federal agencies in the oversight of genetic technologies,
but it did not believe that further action was warranted. In the meantime, the FDA is considering revising its regulations on analyte
specific reagents, which are used in laboratory-developed tests, including laboratory-developed genetic testing. We cannot predict
whether FDA regulation   including premarket review requirements   will apply to the laboratory-developed tests that
we perform or the tests in which our customers may use our products. FDA interest in or actual regulation of laboratory-developed
tests or increased regulation of the various medical devices used in laboratory-developed testing could lead to increased regulatory
burdens and increased costs and delays in introducing new tests, including genetic tests and decreased demand for our products. 

In the past, the clinical laboratory industry has received negative
publicity. This publicity has led to increased legislation, regulation, and review of industry practices. These factors may adversely
affect our ability to market our services, require us to change our services and increase the regulatory burdens under which we
operate, further increasing the costs of doing business and adversely affecting our operating results. If we experience a significant
disruption in our information technology systems, including our website, or if we fail to implement new systems and software successfully,
our business could be adversely affected. 

We are subject to federal and state healthcare fraud and
abuse and other laws and regulations and could face substantial penalties if we are unable to fully comply with such laws.  

As a provider of clinical laboratory testing services, we are
subject to extensive and frequently changing federal, state and local laws and regulations governing various aspects of our business.
For example, we are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by both the federal government and the states
in which we conduct our business. These healthcare laws and regulations include, for example: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Law, which constrains our marketing practices,
educational programs, pricing policies, and relationships with healthcare providers or other entities, including third-party laboratories,
by prohibiting, among other things, persons or entities from soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration, directly
or indirectly, in return for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease order or recommendation
of, any good, facility, item or services for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program
such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs;    

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty
laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims
for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply to entities like
us to the extent that our interactions with customers may affect their billing or coding practices;    

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996, as amended, or HIPAA, which imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually
identifiable health information, and also established federal crimes for knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud
any healthcare benefit program or making false statements in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits,
items or services, and which imposed certain requirements relating to privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable
health information;    

the federal physician self-referral law, commonly known as the Stark
Law, which prohibits a physician from making a referral to an entity for certain designated health services reimbursed by Medicare
or Medicaid if the physician (or a member of the physician s family) has a financial relationship with the entity, and which
also prohibits the submission of any claims for reimbursement for designated health services furnished pursuant to a prohibited
referral;    

the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, and its implementing regulations,
which requires manufacturers of certain drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare,
Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the United States Department
of Health and Human Services information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include
doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests
held by physicians and their immediate family members;    

federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly
regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and    

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback
and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers
and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each
other in significant ways, with differing effects.    

We are unable to predict what additional federal or state legislation
or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in the future regarding our business or the healthcare industry in general, or what effect
such legislation or regulations may have on us. Federal or state governments may impose additional restrictions or adopt interpretations
of existing laws that could have an adverse effect on us. 

We incur significant costs in complying with these laws and
regulations. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exemptions, it is possible
that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations, or our sales
techniques or product placement strategies, are found to be in violation of, or to encourage or assist the violation by third parties
of, any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, or if we fail to maintain, renew or
obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals related to our in-house laboratory, we may be subject to penalties, including
civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, disgorgement, contractual damages,
reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, suspension or revocation of certifications or licenses that are required
to operate our business, injunctions and other associated remedies, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, denial
or withdrawal of product clearances, or private  qui tam  actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name
of the government, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. If we or others determine that any of our existing
customer relationships do not comply with applicable laws and regulations, either due to changes in such laws and regulations or
evolving interpretations of such laws and regulations, we may be required to renegotiate or terminate such relationships. Any penalties,
damages, fines, exclusions, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business
and our financial results. The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of these laws
are broad and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even
if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention
from the operation of our business. 

Other risks relating to our business   

If we fail to maintain or monitor our information systems
our businesses could be adversely affected.  

We depend on information systems throughout our Company to control
our Life Science manufacturing, inventory, distribution and website and the Clinical Lab processes for: processing specimens, managing
inventory, processing test results and submitting claims, collecting from insurers and patients, responding to inquiries, contributing
to our overall internal control processes, maintaining records of our property, plant and equipment, and recording and paying amounts
due vendors and other creditors. If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in our information systems that involve interactions
with customers and suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and/or increased costs, which could adversely
affect our business. 

Cyber security risks and the failure
to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our computer hardware, software, and Internet applications and
related tools and functions could result in damage to the Company s reputation and/or subject the Company to costs, fines,
or lawsuits.  

The integrity and protection of our own data, and that of its
customers and employees, is critical to the Company s business. The regulatory environment governing information, security
and privacy laws is increasingly demanding and continues to evolve. Maintaining compliance with applicable security and privacy
regulations may increase the Company s operating costs and/or adversely impact the Company s ability to market its
products and services to customers. Although the Company s computer and communications hardware is protected through physical
and software safeguards, it is still vulnerable to fire, storm, flood, power loss, earthquakes, telecommunications failures, physical
or software break-ins, software viruses, and similar events. These events could lead to the unauthorized access, disclosure and
use of non-public information. The techniques used by criminal elements to attack computer systems are sophisticated, change frequently
and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world. As a result, the Company may not be able to address these
techniques proactively or implement adequate preventative measures. If the Company s computer systems are compromised, it
could be subject to fines, damages, litigation, and enforcement actions, customers could curtail or cease using its applications,
and the Company could lose trade secrets, the occurrence of which could harm its business. 

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, including
our senior management, our business could be adversely affected.  

Most of our products and services are highly technical in nature.
In general, only highly qualified and trained scientists and technician personnel have the necessary skills to develop proprietary
technological products and market our products, support our research and development programs and provide our Clinical Lab services. 

In addition, some of our manufacturing, quality control, safety
and compliance, information technology and e-commerce related positions are highly technical as well. Further, our sales personnel
highly trained and are important to retaining and growing our businesses. Our success depends in large part upon our ability to
identify, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled professionals. 

We face intense competition for these professionals from our
competitors, customers, marketing partners and other companies throughout the industries in which we compete. Since our inception
we have successfully recruited and hired qualified key employees. Any failure on our part to hire, train, and retain a sufficient
number of qualified professionals would seriously damage our business. 

We depend heavily on the services of our senior management.
We believe that our future success depends on the continued services of such management. Our business may be harmed by the loss
of a significant number of our senior management in a short period of time. 

The insurance we purchase to cover our potential business
risk may be inadequate.  

Although we believe that our present insurance coverage is sufficient
to cover our current estimated exposures, we cannot assure that we will not incur losses or liabilities in excess of our policy
limits. In addition, although we believe that will be able to continue to obtain adequate coverage, we cannot assure that we will
be able to do so at acceptable costs. 

Risks relating to our international operations   

Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may adversely
affect our business.  

Since we operate as a multinational corporation that sells and
sources products in many different countries, changes in exchange rates could in the future, adversely affect our cash flows and
results of operations. 

Furthermore, reported sales and purchases made in non-U.S. currencies
by our international businesses, when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, fluctuate due to exchange
rate movement. Due to the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential volatility of
currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on future sales and operating results. 

We are subject to economic, political and other risks associated
with our significant international business, which could adversely affect our financial results.  

We operate internationally primarily through wholly-owned subsidiaries
located in North America and Europe. Revenues outside the United States were approximately 9% of total revenues in fiscal 2016.
Our sales and earnings could be adversely affected by a variety of factors resulting from our international operations, including 

future fluctuations in exchange rates;   

complex regulatory requirements and changes in those requirements;   

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;   

multiple jurisdictions and differing tax laws, as well as changes in those laws;   

restrictions on our ability to repatriate investments and earnings from foreign operations;   

changes in the political or economic conditions in a country or region, particularly in developing or emerging markets;   

changes in shipping costs; and   

difficulties in collecting on accounts receivable.   

If any of these risks materialize, we could face substantial
increases in costs, the reduction of profit and the inability to do business. 

As we expand our commercialization activities outside of
the United States, we will be subject to an increased risk of inadvertently conducting activities in a manner that violates the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws. If that occurs, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  

We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ),
which prohibits corporations and individuals from paying, offering to pay, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any
foreign government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain
business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official  

capacity. We are also subject to the UK Anti-Bribery Act, which
prohibits both domestic and international bribery, as well as bribery across both public and private sectors. 

In the course of establishing and expanding our commercial operations
and seeking regulatory approvals outside of the United States, we will need to establish and expand business relationships with
various third parties and we will interact more frequently with foreign officials, including regulatory authorities. Expanded programs
to maintain compliance with such laws will be costly and may not be effective. Any interactions with any such parties or individuals
where compensation is provided that are found to be in violation of such laws could result in substantial fines and penalties and
could materially harm our business. Furthermore, any finding of a violation under one country s laws may increase the likelihood
that we will be prosecuted and be found to have violated another country s laws. If our business practices outside the United
States are found to be in violation of the FCPA, UK Anti-Bribery Act or other similar law, we may be subject to significant civil
and criminal penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock   

Our stock price has been volatile, which could result in
substantial losses for investors.  

Our common stock is quoted on the New York Stock Exchange, and
there has been historical volatility in the market price of our common stock. The trading price of our common stock has been, and
is likely to continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors, including: 

fluctuations in our quarterly operating and earnings per share results;   

the gain or loss of significant contracts;   

the carrying value of our goodwill and intangible assets;   

loss of key personnel;   

announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors;   

delays in the development and introduction of new products;   

legislative or regulatory changes;   

general trends in the industries we operate;   

recommendations and/or changes in estimates by equity and market research analysts;   

biological or medical discoveries;   

disputes and/or developments concerning intellectual property, including patents and litigation matters;   

public concern as to the safety of new technologies;   

sales of common stock of existing holders;   

securities class action or other litigation;   

developments in our relationships with current or future customers and suppliers and;   

general economic conditions, both in the United States and worldwide.   

In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of our common stock, as well as the stock of many companies in
our industries. Often, price fluctuations are unrelated to operating performance of the specific companies whose stock is affected. 

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price
of a company s stock, securities class action litigation has occurred against the issuing company. If we were subject to
this type of litigation in the future, we could incur substantial costs and a diversion  

of our management s attention and
resources, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and earnings. Any adverse determination in this type
of litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 

Because we do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common
stock, an investor in our common stock will benefit only if it appreciates in value.  

We currently intend to retain our retained earnings and future
earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business and do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the
foreseeable future. As a result, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend entirely upon any future appreciation.
There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which investors purchased their
shares. 

It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, which
could inhibit stockholders from realizing a premium on their stock price.  

We are subject to the New York anti-takeover laws regulating
corporate takeovers. These anti-takeover laws prohibit certain business combinations between a New York corporation and any  interested
shareholder  (generally, the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the corporation s voting shares) for five years following
the time that the shareholder became an interested shareholder, unless the corporation s board of directors approved the
transaction prior to the interested shareholder becoming interested. 

Our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and by-laws contain
provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us that stockholders may consider
favorable or beneficial. These provisions could discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect
directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay
in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions include: 

a staggered board of directors, so that it would take three successive annual meetings to replace all directors; and   

advance notice requirements for the submission by stockholders of nominations for election to the board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at a meeting.   

Future sales of shares of our common stock or the issuance
of securities senior to our common stock could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and our ability to raise
funds in new equity offerings.  

We are not restricted from issuing additional common stock,
preferred stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock. Future sales of a substantial number of our shares
of common stock or equity-related securities in the public market or privately, or the perception that such sales could occur,
could adversely affect prevailing trading prices of our common stock, and could impair our ability to raise capital through future
offerings of equity or equity-related securities. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, that future sales of shares
of common stock or the availability of shares of common stock for future sale will have on the trading price of our common stock. 

Risk relating to our debt   

Our use of leverage may expose us to substantial risks, including
interest rate risk.  

As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, we had $1.6 million and $3.0 million,
respectively, in borrowings under our Revolving Loan and Security Agreement ( credit agreement ), which expires December
7, 2016. In addition, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Accordingly, we are exposed to the typical risks associated
with the use of leverage. Increased leverage makes it more difficult for us to withstand adverse economic conditions or business
plan variances, to take advantage of new business opportunities, or to make necessary capital expenditures. The existing credit
agreement contains restrictive covenant restrictions that limit our ability to conduct our business, including restrictions on
our ability to incur additional indebtedness. Our ability to maintain our compliance with these covenants is dependent on our financial
performance, which is influenced by a number of factors. Violation of any of these covenants would result in an event of default
under the credit agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event of default that is not cured or waived, the lender would have the ability
to accelerate the repayment of all amounts then outstanding under the credit agreement. In the event of a default, and during the
continuance of an event of default under the credit agreement, we would no longer have the right to borrow additional funds under
the credit agreement. Under these circumstances, we may not be able to pay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it
on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. 

Our credit agreement requires the payment of interest based
on 3 month LIBOR plus a fixed rate. Fluctuations in this variable interest rate could negatively impact our financial results. 

In addition, there can be no assurance that we can extend or
negotiate an update to the Revolving Loan under favorable condition and satisfactory terms upon expiration in December 2016. 

Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  

None 

Item 2.    Properties  

The following are the principal facilities of the Company: 

Leased /   
         
       Square    
 
       Location   
         
       Primary use   
         
       Segments   
         
       owned   
         
       footage    

Farmingdale, NY  
 (Note1)  
         
      Clinical laboratory and research  
         
      Clinical Labs  
         
      Leased  
         
      43,000   

Farmingdale, NY  
         
      Manufacturing, research, sales and administrative office  
         
      Life Sciences, Therapeutics  
         
      Owned  
         
      22,000   

New York, NY  
 (Note 2)  
         
      Corporate headquarters  
         
      Other  
         
      Leased  
         
      11,300   

Lausen, Switzerland  
 (Note 3)  
         
      Operational headquarters in Europe, including sales and distribution  
         
      Life Sciences  
         
      Leased  
         
      9,626   

Ann Arbor, Michigan  
 (Note 4)  
         
      Manufacturing, research, and distribution  
         
      Life Sciences  
         
      Leased  
         
      26,820   

Note 1 - On October 9, 2015, this lease was amended and extended
through March 31, 2027. 

Note 2 - In February 2010, the lease, which includes 4,100 square
feet under a sublease rental agreement through December 31, 2017, was extended through May 2020. 

Note 3 - In July 2016, the lease was automatically
extended through December 2018. 

Note 4 - In March 2009 the lease was amended and extended through
May 2021. 

We believe the current facilities are suitable and adequate
for the Company s current operating needs for its clinical laboratories, life science and therapeutics segments and that
the production capacity in various locations is sufficient to manage product requirements. 

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings  

On June 7, 2004, the Company and Enzo Life Sciences, Inc.,
filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut against Applera Corporation and its wholly-owned
subsidiary Tropix, Inc., which became Life Technologies, Inc. and was acquired by Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. (NYSE:TMO) on
February 3, 2014. The complaint alleged infringement of six patents relating to DNA sequencing systems, labeled nucleotide products,
and other technology. Yale University is the owner of four of the patents and the Company is the exclusive licensee. These four
patents are commonly referred to as the  Ward  patents. On November 12, 2012, a jury in New Haven found that one of
these patents (United States Patent No. 5,449,667) was infringed and not proven invalid. The jury awarded $48.5 million for this
infringement. On January 6, 2014, the judge awarded prejudgment interest of approximately $12.5 million and additional post-interest
on the full amount was also be awarded starting November 7, 2012 until the total award is satisfied. The final award to the Company
could have been reduced or subject to possible claims from third parties. On March 16, 2015, the Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit vacated that judgment in a decision remanding the matter to the district court for further proceedings. On February 22,
2016, the Connecticut District Court granted Applera s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. The Company appealed
that decision. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in this litigation. Even if the Company is not successful,
management does not believe that there will be a significant adverse monetary impact on the Company. 

As of August 1, 2014 the Company was engaged in litigation in
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Roche Diagnostic GmbH and its related company Roche
Molecular Systems, Inc. ( Roche ), as declaratory judgment defendant. This case was commenced in May 2004. Roche seeks
a declaratory judgment of non-breach of contract and patent invalidity against the Company. Roche has also asserted tort claims
against the Company. The Company has asserted breach of contract and patent infringement causes of action against Roche. There
has been extensive discovery in the case. In 2011, Roche moved for summary judgment of non-infringement regarding the Company s
patent claims. In 2012, the motion was granted in part and denied in part. In December 2012, Roche moved for summary judgment on
the Company s non-patent claims. Additional discovery was taken and the Company responded to the motions in May 2013. On
December 6, 2013, the Court granted in part and denied in part Roche s summary judgment motion. On October 22, 2014, the
Court ordered that damages discovery concerning the Company s remaining contract and patent claims and Roche s claims
should be completed by January 30, 2015, and expert discovery should be completed following the Court s not-yet-issued claim
construction ruling concerning the Company s patent infringement claim against Roche. Roche dropped its tort claims during
damages discovery. On April 28, 2015, the Court heard oral argument on claim construction issues. On May 8, 2015, Roche and the
Company jointly moved the Court to extend the schedule for damages discovery until May 29, 2015, and the Court granted that motion. The parties
are waiting for the Court s ruling on claim construction. The Company and Enzo Life Sciences intend to vigorously press their remaining claims and contest the claims against them. 

In 2012, the Company received a Subpoena Duces Tecum (the  Subpoena )
from the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General ( OIG ). The Subpoena was issued as part
of an investigation being conducted by the US Attorney s Office for the Eastern District of New York in conjunction with
the OIG. While a number of potential issues were raised initially by the government, the investigation came to focus primarily
on an alleged failure to collect diagnosis codes from physicians who ordered tests through Enzo Clinical Labs. The time period
initially covered by the investigation was from 2004 through 2011. In response to the Subpoena, the Company cooperated with the
government. On September 22, 2014, the Company and the U.S. Department of Justice reached a settlement agreement to resolve this
matter, in substantive form as disclosed in the Company s fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2014. During the quarter ended April,
30, 2014, the Company recorded a charge of $2.0 million in the statement of operations under legal settlements, net within the
Clinical Labs segment. The settlement amount will be paid with interest over a five-year period. The final settlement covers the time period 2004-2014. During the three months ended January 31,
2016, the Company accrued an additional $1.5 million, due to the Company s achievement of certain financial milestones. As
of July 31, 2016, the total liability for this settlement is $1.2 million, of which $0.4 million is included in other current liabilities
and $0.8 million included in other liabilities. 

On June 20, 2014, the Company, as plaintiff finalized and
executed a settlement agreement with PerkinElmer, Inc., and PerkinElmer Health Sciences, Inc. (formerly known as PerkinElmer
Life Sciences, Inc.) (together,  PerkinElmer ), with respect to an action between the Company and PerkinElmer
before the U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, Case No 03-CV-3817. PerkinElmer paid $7.0 million in escrow
pursuant to the agreement because of a former attorney s charging lien for fees allegedly owed for past services
rendered to the Company. On December
3, 2015, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with the former attorney pursuant to which the Company and the
former attorney resolved their respective claims against each other. As of July 31, 2016, the Company received a total of
approximately $7.0 million from the escrow referred to above in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement. This
settlement is included in the statement of operations under Legal settlements, net within the Life Science segment. 

On July 2, 2015, the Company as Plaintiff executed
a settlement agreement with Luminex Corporation with respect to an action between the Company and Abbott Laboratories
and Abbott Molecular, Inc. (Defendants) and Luminex Corporation (Intervening Defendant) before the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware for alleged patent infringement. Luminex paid the Company a total of $7.1 million
as consideration for this agreement and the dismissal of the litigation against Luminex. The case against the Abbott
defendants continues. The parties have not begun summary judgement briefing because the court has not set a briefing
schedule. The court also has not set a trial date. 

On July 20, 2015, the Company as a Plaintiff finalized and executed
a settlement agreement with Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. ( Siemens ) to settle a patent litigation lawsuit before
the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware in the amount of $6.7 million, net. Under terms of the agreement, Siemens
will also pay the Company additional royalties of $1.0 million per annum on sales of its molecular products manufactured and/or
sold in the United States during the its fiscal years 2015 through 2019 if sales of such products exceed a contractual amount.
The net settlement amount was included in other receivables in the consolidated balance sheet as of July 31, 2015 and was received
in August 2015. 

On October 9, 2015, the Company reached and finalized a settlement
with Affymetrix, Inc. in the amount of $6.8 million, net in a patent infringement action brought by the Company. On January 4,
2016, the Company reached and finalized a settlement agreement with Agilent Technologies, Inc. in the amount of $6.1 million, net
in a patent infringement action brought by the Company. Both cases were originally brought by the Company in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware. The settlements are included in the statement of operations under Legal settlements,
net within the Life Science segment. 

On May 16, 2016, the Company reached and finalized
a settlement with Life Technologies Corporation in the amount of $24.3 million, net in an infringement action brought by
the Company regarding its US Patents No. 6,992,180 and 7,064,197. On July 1, 2016, the Company reached and finalized a
settlement with Illumina, Inc., in the amount of $14.5 million, net in an infringement action brought by the Company regarding
US Patent No. 7,064,197. These cases were originally brought by the Company in the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware. The settlements are included in the statement of operations under Legal settlements, net within the
Life Science segment. 

As of July 31, 2016, there
are six pending cases originally brought by the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging
patent infringements against various companies.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in these litigations.
Even if the Company is not successful, management does not believe that there will be a significant adverse monetary impact on
the Company. 

The Company is party to other claims, legal actions, complaints,
and contractual disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes that any liability that may ultimately
result from the resolution of these matters will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its financial
position or results of operations 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not Applicable 

Part II  

Item 5.  Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

The common stock of the Company is traded on the New York Stock
Exchange (Symbol: ENZ). The following table sets forth the high and low price of the Company s common stock for the periods
indicated as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately 710
stockholders of record of its common stock. 

The Company has not paid a cash dividend on its common stock
and intends to continue a policy of retaining earnings to finance and build its operations. Accordingly, the Company does not anticipate
the payment of cash dividends to holders of common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Performance Graph  

The graph below compares the five-year cumulative shareholder
total return based upon an initial $100 investment (assuming the reinvestment of dividends) for Enzo Biochem, Inc. shares of Common
Stock with the comparable return for the New York Stock Exchange Market Value Index and two peer issuer indices selected on an
industry basis. The two peer group indices include: (i) 147 biotechnology companies engaged in the research and development of
diagnostics substances and (ii) 18 companies engaged in the medical laboratories business. All of the indices include only companies
whose common stock has been registered under Section 12 of the Security Exchange Act of 1934 for at least the time frame set forth
in the graph. 

The total shareholder returns depicted in the graph are not
necessarily indicative of future performance. The Performance Graph and related disclosure shall not be incorporated by reference
in any filing by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 of the Securities Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company
specifically incorporates the graph and such disclosure by reference. 

COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL 
RETURN AMONG ENZO BIOCHEM, INC., 
NYSE MARKET INDEX, MORNINGSTAR DIAGNOSTIC AND RESEARCH 
INDEX AND MEDICAL LABORATORIES INDEX  

ASSUMES $100 INVESTED ON AUGUST 1, 2011 

 ASSUMES DIVIDEND REINVESTED 

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN OF
ONE OR MORE 

 COMPANIES, PEER GROUPS, INDUSTRY INDEXES
AND/OR BROAD MARKETS 

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data  

The following table, which is derived from the audited consolidated
financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years 2012 through 2016 should be read together with the discussion in  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and the Company s consolidated financial
statements and notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Notes to Selected Financial Data:  

(1)  
      In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, the Company recorded an impairment charge on goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets.   

(2)  
      In the fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded legal settlements, net
of approximately $57.3 million.   

Item 7.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

See in this Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016
Part 1. Item 1.  Business , for Forward Looking Cautionary Statements. 

The Company s Enzo Clinical Labs and Enzo Life Sciences
reporting units, as described below, are affected by different US and global economic conditions which are included in Item 1A,
Risk Factors. 

We are comprised of three operating companies that have evolved
out of our core competence: the use of nucleic acids as informational molecules and the use of compounds for immune modulation.
These wholly-owned operating companies and the foreign subsidiaries of Enzo Life Sciences conduct their operations through three
reportable segments. Below are brief descriptions of each of the three operating segments (see Note 15 in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements): 

Enzo Clinical Labs   is a regional clinical laboratory
serving the greater New York and New Jersey medical communities. The Company believes having clinical diagnostic services allows
us to capitalize first hand on our extensive advanced molecular and cytogenetic capabilities and the broader trends in predictive
and personalized diagnostics. We offer a menu of routine and esoteric clinical laboratory tests or procedures used in general patient
care by physicians to establish or support a diagnosis, monitor treatment or medication, or search for an otherwise undiagnosed
condition. We operate a full-service clinical laboratory in Farmingdale, New York, a network of over 30 patient service centers
throughout greater New York and New Jersey, a free-standing  STAT  or rapid response laboratory in New York City, and
a full-service phlebotomy and an in-house logistics department. Payments for clinical laboratory testing services are made by the
Medicare program, healthcare insurers and patients. 

The Clinical Lab reporting unit is impacted by various risk
factors, including among others, reduced reimbursements from third party payers for testing performed and from recent health care
legislation. Despite the growth we have experienced, there can be no assurance future growth can be achieved. The introduction
of new molecular and esoteric tests is expected to increase our revenue per test and could offset impacts from the above factors.
The Company anticipates improved profitability with increased service volume. Clinical Labs experienced year over year growth in
fiscal 2016 and 2015 of 12% and 8% respectively. 

Enzo Life Sciences   manufactures, develops and
markets products and tools to life sciences, drug development and clinical research customers world-wide and has amassed a large
patent and technology portfolio. Enzo Life Sciences, Inc. is a recognized leader in labelling and detection technologies across
research and diagnostic markets. Our strong portfolio of proteins, antibodies, peptides, small molecules, labelling probes, dyes
and kits provides life science researchers tools for target identification/validation, high content analysis, gene expression analysis,
nucleic acid detection, protein biochemistry and detection, and cellular analysis. We are internationally recognized and acknowledged
as a leader in manufacturing, in-licensing, and commercialization of over 9,000 of our own products and in addition distribute
over 40,000 products made by over 40 other original manufacturers. Our strategic focus is directed to innovative high quality research
reagents and kits in the primary key research areas of genomics, cellular analysis, small molecule chemistry, protein homeostasis,
epigenetics, immunoassays, and assay development. The segment is an established source for a comprehensive panel of products to
scientific experts in the fields of cancer, cardiovascular disease, neurological disorders, diabetes and obesity, endocrine disorders,
infectious and autoimmune disease, hepatotoxicity and renal injury. 

Enzo Therapeutics   is a biopharmaceutical venture
that has developed multiple novel approaches in the areas of gastrointestinal, infectious, ophthalmic and metabolic diseases, many
of which are derived from the pioneering work of Enzo Life Sciences. The Company has focused its efforts on developing treatment
regimens for diseases and conditions in which current treatment options are ineffective, costly, and/or cause unwanted side effects.
This focus has generated a clinical and preclinical pipeline, as well as more than 115 patents and patent applications. 

The following table summarizes the sources of revenues for the
fiscal years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in $000 s and percentages): 

Results
of Operations   

   Fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 compared
to July 31, 2015 
(in 000s)   

** not meaningful  

Consolidated Results:  

The  2016 period  and the  2015 period 
refer to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Clinical laboratory services revenues for the 2016 period were
$70.9 million compared to $63.4 million in the 2015 period, an increase of $7.5 million or 12%. The increase is attributed to molecular
testing volume and higher value account acquisitions which were offset in part by attrition and a decline in routine test volume. 

Product revenues for the 2016 period were $30.3 million compared
to $31.7 million in the 2015 period, a decrease of $1.4 million or 4%. The decrease was due to a decline in product sales of $0.8
million in the United States and foreign markets and the negative impact of $0.6 million from translating revenues denominated
in the euro, pound sterling and Swiss franc which depreciated on average versus the US dollar during the 2016 period compared to
the 2015 period. Revenues decreased due to lower order volume and were also negatively impacted by pricing due to competition and
lower research funding, especially in academia. 

Royalty and license fee income during the 2016 period was $1.5
million compared to $2.5 million in the 2015 period a decrease of $1.0 million or 39%. Royalties are primarily earned from the
reported sales of Qiagen products subject to a license agreement. Qiagen is experiencing declines in its US sales of HPV products
which in turn reduced our royalty income. There are no direct expenses relating to royalty and licensing income. 

The cost of clinical laboratory services during the 2016 period
was $42.9 million as compared to $39.6 million in the 2015 period, an increase of $3.3 million or 8% primarily due to the increase
in clinical laboratory services revenue for molecular testing of 76%. 

The cost of product revenues during the 2016 period was $14.3
million compared to $15.2 million in the 2015 period, a decrease of $0.9 million or 6% due to lower sales. The gross profit margin
was 53% in the 2016 period and 52% in the 2015 period due to a favorable mix of products sold. 

Research and development expenses were approximately $3.5 million
and $3.3 million during the 2016 and 2015 periods, respectively, an increase of $0.2 million. The expense for the Life Sciences
segment increased $0.1 million primarily due to patent procurement costs. The expense for the Therapeutics segment increased $0.1
million compared to the 2015 period due to the impact of an adjustment made in the 2015 period which decreased an obligation for
clinical trial activity. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately
$43.6 million during the 2016 period versus $41.1 million during the 2015 period, an increase of $2.5 million or 6%. The Clinical
Lab segment selling, general and administrative increased $2.2 million due to increases in sales commissions and compensation and
administrative function salaries in support of greater molecular testing volume, increases in collection and bank expenses, and
building and depreciation expense. The Life Sciences segment selling, general and administrative declined approximately $0.4 million
due to declines in payroll and facilities expense. Other segment selling, general and administrative increased $0.7 million due
to an increase of $1.1 million for contested proxy expenses relating to our annual stockholders  meeting which took place
in January 2016, partially offset by decreases of $0.3 million for professional fees and $0.1 million of payroll related expenses. 

The provision for uncollectible accounts receivable, primarily
related to the Clinical Labs segment, was approximately $2.3 million for both the 2016 and 2015 periods. As a percent of Clinical
laboratory services, the provision for uncollectible accounts receivable relating to the Clinical Labs segment in the 2016 and
2015 periods was 3.3% and 3.8%, respectively. The decrease is primarily due to enhanced collection procedures for self-pay patient
receivables. 

Legal fee expense was $6.4 million during the 2016 period compared
to $8.8 million in the 2015 period, a decrease of $2.4 million or 27% due to the timing of legal activity fees and related costs
associated with on-going patent litigation where the Company is plaintiff. Legal fee expense in the 2016 period includes $0.4 million
for contested proxy costs relating to our annual stockholders meeting which took place in January 2016. 

Legal settlements, net was $57.3 million in the 2016 period
versus $11.5 million in the 2015 period, an increase of $45.8 million. During the 2016 period the Company as plaintiff finalized
and executed settlement agreements with Affymetrix, Inc., Agilent Technologies, Inc., Life Technologies Corporation, and Illumina
Inc. relating to patent infringement claims and collected proceeds held in escrow relating to the PerkinElmer, Inc. and Molecular
Probes, Inc. settlements, all totalling $58.8 million of net proceeds. The Company also recorded an additional charge of $1.5 million
relating to the settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice, due to the achievement of certain financial milestones. See Note
14 Contingencies. 

Interest expense was $0.1 million during the 2016 versus $0.2
million in the 2015 periods. During the 2015 period there were some additional fees relating to the credit agreement, which was
entered into in 2013. 

During the 2016 and the 2015 periods, the foreign currency loss
was $0.5 million and $0.9 million, respectively, a favorable change of $0.4 million. The Company has loans and receivables with
its foreign subsidiaries which may be denominated in US dollars or a foreign currency. When re-measuring these amounts into the
respective entities  functional currency, the Company recognizes a loss if those foreign currencies, including the Swiss
Franc, British pound and Euro depreciate relative to the US dollar and a gain if those foreign currencies appreciate relative to
the US dollar, year over year. 

As compared to the US dollar at the end of the 2016 period versus
the start of the 2016 period, the Euro appreciated approximately 2%, the Swiss franc was unchanged, and the British pound depreciated
15%. As compared to the US dollar at the end of the 2015 period versus the start of the 2015 period, these currencies had all depreciated
between 6% and 18%. 

Segment Results:  

Clinical Labs   

The Clinical Labs segment s operating income before taxes
was $1.1 million for 2016 period as compared to $0.5 million in the 2015 period. The 2016 period includes an additional $1.5 million
charge for the legal settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice, due to the achievement of certain financial milestones. Revenue
from laboratory services for the 2016 period were $70.9 million compared to $63.4 million in the 2015 period. The increase of $7.5
million is attributed to increased molecular testing volume and higher value account acquisitions, which were offset in part by
attrition and a decline in routine test volume. Cost of sales during the 2016 period was $42.9 million as compared to $39.6 million
in the 2015 period, an increase of $3.3 million due to higher molecular testing service revenues. Clinical Lab gross profit margin
was 40% in the 2016 period and 38% in the 2015 period. As a percentage of revenues, the provision for uncollectable accounts declined
to 3.3% versus 3.8% in the 2015 period and is due to enhanced collection procedures for self-pay patient receivables. 

Life Sciences   

The Life Sciences segment s operating income before
taxes was $61.4 million for the 2016 period as compared to $15.0 million for the 2015 period, an improvement of $46.4
million. The 2016 period includes $58.8 million for patent litigation settlements previously described and $11.5 million in
the 2015 period. Product revenues decreased $1.4 million or 4% in the 2016 period due to declines in product sales of $0.8
million in the United States and foreign markets and the negative impact of $0.6 million from translating revenues
denominated in the euro, pound sterling and Swiss franc which depreciated on average versus the US dollar during the 2016
period compared to the 2015 period. Revenues decreased due to lower order volume and were negatively impacted by pricing due
to competition and lower research funding, especially in academia. The segment s gross profit was $17.5 million in the
2016 period, as compared $19.0 million in the 2015 period, a decrease of $1.5 million primarily due to lower royalty and
license fee income of $1.0 million and a gross margin decrease of $0.5 million on lower product revenues. Due to
significantly smaller depreciation of foreign currencies versus the US dollar, in particular the British pound and Euro at
the end of the 2016 period versus the start of the 2016 period, the foreign currency loss was $0.5 million compared to a loss
of $0.9 million in the 2015 period, a favorable change of $0.4 million in the 2016 period. 

Therapeutics   

Therapeutics segment s operating loss before income taxes
was approximately $0.8 and $0.7 million in the 2016 and 2015 periods, respectively. 

Other   

The Other segment s operating loss before taxes for the
2016 period was approximately $15.2 million as compared to $16.9 million for the 2015 period, a decrease of $1.7 million. During
the 2016 period, legal fee expense associated with on-going patent litigation declined $2.8 million, professional fees declined
$0.3 million, and salary related expenses declined $0.1 million. These declines were partially offset by $1.5 million of consulting
and legal fee expenses relating to contested proxy costs for our annual stockholders  meeting which took place in January
2016. 

Results
of Operations   

   Fiscal year ended July 31, 2015 compared
to July 31, 2014 
(in 000s)   

** not meaningful  

Consolidated Results:  

The  2015 period  and the  2014 period 
refer to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Clinical laboratory services revenues for the 2015 period were
$63.4 million compared to $58.7 million, an increase of $4.7 million or 8%. The increase in revenue from fiscal year 2014 to 2015
is mainly attributed to an increase in molecular testing related to volume and the increase in the average gross charge per accession. 

Product revenues for the 2015 period were $31.7 million compared
to $32.9 million in the 2014 period, a decrease of $1.2 million or 4%. The decrease was due to the negative impact of translating
revenues denominated in the euro, pound sterling and Swiss franc which depreciated versus the US dollar in the 2015 period compared
to the 2014 period ($0.9 million) and declines in sales of non-proprietary products ($0.3 million), primarily in markets other
than the US. 

Royalty and license fee income during the 2015 period was $2.5
million compared to $4.4 million in the 2014 period a decrease of $1.9 million or 43%. Royalties are primarily earned from the
reported sales of Qiagen products subject to a license agreement. Qiagen has experienced declines in its US sales of HPV products
which in turn reduces our royalty income. There are no direct expenses relating to royalty and licensing income. 

The cost of clinical laboratory services during the 2015 period
was $39.6 million as compared to $38.9 million in the 2014 period, an increase of $0.6 million or 2%. 

The cost of product revenues during the 2015 period was $15.2
million compared to $15.3 million in the 2014 period, a decrease of $0.1 million or 1%. The gross profit margin was 52% in the
2015 period versus 53% in the 2014 period. 

Research and development expenses were approximately $3.4 million
during the 2015 period, compared to $3.1 million in the 2014 period, an increase of $0.2 million or 7%. The increase was attributed
to an increase in payroll and material costs related to product development for the Life Sciences segment. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately
$41.1 million during the 2015 period and $41.8 million during the 2014 period, a decrease of $0.7 million or 2%. For the Enzo Life
Sciences segment, selling, general and administrative decreased $1.2 million due to the positive effects from the business realignments
occurring in fiscal 2014 resulting in lower compensation related costs and lower facility costs. Other segment selling, general
and administrative increased $0.3 million, primarily due to compensation related costs and professional and other fees. The Clinical
Lab segment selling, general and administrative increased $0.2 million primarily due to increases in compensation related expenses. 

The provision for uncollectible accounts receivable, primarily
related to the Clinical Labs segment, was $2.3 million for the 2015 period as compared to $3.1 million in the 2014 period, a decrease
of $0.8 million or 25%. The decrease is primarily due to improved collection procedures at the Clinical Labs. 

Legal fee expense was $8.8 million during the 2015 period compared
to $7.0 million in the 2014 period, an increase of $1.8 million or 26% primarily due to increased legal fees and related costs
associated with on-going patent litigation. 

Legal settlements, net was $(11.5) million in the
2015 period and $(3.1) in the 2014 period. During the 2015 period the Company as plaintiff finalized and executed settlement agreements
with Luminex Corporation ($4.9 million, net), Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics ($6.4 million, net), and Molecular Probes ($0.2 million). 

During the 2014 period the Company as plaintiff finalized
and executed a settlement agreement with Affymetrix, Inc. in the amount of $5.1 million. Also during the 2014 period, the Company
reached a final agreement on the principal terms of a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice relating to their investigation
of an alleged failure to collect diagnosis codes from physicians who ordered tests through Enzo Clinical Labs. As a result, the
Company recorded a charge of $2.0 million. 

Interest expense was $0.2 million during the 2015 and 2014 periods
due to interest incurred on the credit agreement entered into in 2013. 

During the 2015 and the 2014 periods, the (loss) gain on foreign
currency transactions was $(0.9) million and $0.3 million, respectively, an unfavorable change of $1.2 million. The Company has
loans and receivables with its foreign subsidiaries which may be denominated in US dollars or a foreign currency. When re-measuring
these amounts into the respective entities  functional currency, the Company recognizes a loss if those foreign currencies,
including the Swiss Franc, British pound and Euro depreciate relative to the US dollar during the period and a gain if those foreign
currencies appreciate relative to the US dollar. During the 2015 period, those currencies depreciated between 6.4% and 18.3% relative
to the US dollar. During the 2014 period, those currencies appreciated relative to the US dollar. 

Segment Results:  

Clinical Labs   

The Clinical Labs segment s income (loss) before taxes
was $0.5 million for 2015 period as compared to a loss of $(6.6) million in the 2014 period, an improvement year over year of $7.1
million. The 2014 period loss includes a $2.0 million charge for a legal settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice. Revenue
from laboratory services for the 2015 period were $63.4 million compared to $58.7 in the 2014 period. The increase of $4.7 million
is mainly attributed to an increase in molecular testing related to volume and the increase in the average gross charge per accession.
Cost of sales during the 2015 period was $39.6 million as compared to $38.9 million in the 2014 period, an increase of $0.6 million.
Clinical Lab gross profit margin was 38% in the 2015 period and 34% in the 2014 period. The provision for uncollectable accounts
was $2.4 million as compared to $3.1 million; the decrease is primarily due to continued process review and improvement. 

Life Sciences   

The Life Sciences segment s income before taxes was $15.0
million for the 2015 period as compared to $10.8 million for the 2014 period, an improvement of $4.2 million over fiscal 2014.
The 2015 and 2014 periods include $11.5 and $5.1 million, respectively for patent litigation settlement agreements previously described.
Product revenues decreased $1.2 million or 4% in the 2015 period due to the negative impact of translating revenues denominated
in foreign currencies into the US dollar ($0.9 million) and by declines in sales of non-proprietary products ($0.3 million), primarily
in markets other than the US. The segment s gross profit was $19.0 million in the 2015 period, as compared $21.9 million
in the 2014 period, a decrease of $2.9 million primarily due to a decrease in royalty and license fee income of $1.9 million and
a gross margin decrease of $1.0 million on lower product revenues. The segment s other  

operating expenses, excluding legal
and legal settlements, net, decreased approximately $1.0 million during the 2015 period due to cost reductions from headcount realignments
and continued centralization of activities, particularly relating to selling, general and administrative. Due to the depreciation
of foreign currencies versus the US dollar, including the Swiss Franc, British pound and Euro during the 2015 period, the foreign
currency loss was $0.9 million compared to a $0.3 million gain in the 2014 period, resulting in an unfavorable change of $1.2 million
in the 2015 period. 

Therapeutics   

Therapeutics loss before income taxes was approximately $0.7
million for the 2015 period as compared to $0.8 million in 2014 period due to lower activity 

Other   

The Other loss before taxes for the 2015 period was approximately
$17.0 million as compared to $13.4 million for the 2014 period, an increase of $3.6 million primarily from the increase in legal
fee expense and related costs associated with on-going patent litigation. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

At July 31, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents
of $67.8 million of which $0.5 million was in foreign accounts, as compared to cash and cash equivalents of $18.1 million, of which
$0.5 million was in foreign accounts at July 31, 2015. It is the Company s current intent to permanently reinvest these funds
outside of the United States, and its current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund its United States operations.
The Company had working capital of $70.8 million at July 31, 2016 compared to $22.5 million at July 31, 2015. The increase in working
capital of $48.3 million was primarily due to the recognition of $45.3 million in net income for the fiscal year ended July 31,
2016. 

Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2016 was
approximately $53.1 million as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $3.7 million in fiscal 2015, an increase of
approximately $56.8 million. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in the 2016 period versus the 2015 period
was primarily due to an increase in net income of $47.6 million, and a net change in operating assets and liabilities of $9.3 million.
Net cash used in operating activities in fiscal 2015 was approximately $3.7 million as compared to $1.7 million in fiscal 2014,
an increase of approximately $2.0 million. The increase in net cash used in operating activities in the 2015 period versus the
2014 period was primarily due to a net change in operating assets and liabilities of $9.5 million, which includes the increase
in other receivables of $6.7 million for the settlement agreement with Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc., and a decrease in non-cash
charges of $0.2 million, partially offset by the change in the net loss of $7.7 million. 

Net cash used
in investing activities in fiscal 2016 was approximately $1.5 million as compared to $1.8 million in the year ago period, a decrease
of $0.3 million. The decrease in the 2016 period is primarily due to decreased capital expenditures.   Net
cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2015 was approximately $1.8 million as compared to $0.8 million in the year ago period,
an increase of $1.0 million. The increase in the 2015 period is primarily due to increased capital expenditures.  

Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2016 was approximately
$1.9 million as compared to cash provided by financing activities of $6.2 million in fiscal 2015. The decrease of $8.2 million
was due to the decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $6.7 million and increased net payments under the Credit
Agreement of $1.5 million. Net cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2015 was approximately $6.2 million as compared
to $10.9 million in fiscal 2014. The decrease of $4.7 million was due to the decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock
of $4.9 million partially offset by a decrease of $0.3 million in net payments under the Credit Agreement and Installment loans
and capital leases. 

On June 7,
2013, the Company entered into a secured Revolving Loan and Security Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) among the Company
and certain of its subsidiaries, with Enzo Therapeutics as a guarantor, and  MidCap Financial Services, LLC (formerly 
  Healthcare Finance Group, LLC). The Credit Agreement, which expires
in December 2016, provides for borrowings against eligible US receivables, as defined, of the Clinical Labs and Life Sciences segments
up to $8.0 million at defined eligibility percentages and provides for additional borrowings of $4.0 million for increased eligible
assets. At July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the borrowings under the Credit Agreement related to the Clinical Labs and Life Sciences
receivables aggregated $1.6, $3.0 and $3.0 million, respectively, with an additional availability of $6.2 million as of July 31,
2016. As of July 31, 2013, the Company received a waiver from the Lender for non-compliance with a financial covenant and the lender
modified various financial covenants relating to fiscal 2014. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company has been in compliance
with the modified financial covenants. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further description of the Credit
Agreement s terms and financial covenants.  

The Company continued to review all operating units to further
reduce annual operating expenditures in fiscal 2016. While revenues and operating results at the Clinical Labs segment improved,
revenues for the Life Sciences segment declined versus fiscal 2016. If revenues continue to decline, the segment may be required
to record impairments of its intangible assets, which last occurred in fiscal 2012. The Company believes that its current cash
and cash equivalents level, utilization of the Controlled Equity Offering program  

disclosed in Note 10 to the financial statements,
which has resulted in net proceeds of $6.7 million and $11.5 million during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively,
and none during 2016, and available borrowings under the aforementioned Revolving Loan and Security Agreement disclosed in Note
7 to the financial statements are sufficient for its foreseeable liquidity and capital resource needs over the next twelve (12)
months, although there can be no assurance that future events will not alter such view. Although there can be no assurances, in
the event additional capital is required, the Company believes it has the ability to raise additional funds through equity offerings
or other sources of funds. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in
the Item 1A.  Risk Factors  section of this Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016, some of which are outside our
control. Macroeconomic conditions could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and therefore adversely affect
our liquidity plans. 

Effect of New Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606 . ASU
2014-09 amends the guidance for revenue recognition to replace numerous, industry-specific requirements and converges areas under
this topic with those of the International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2014-09 implements a five-step process for customer
contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. The amendment also
requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with
customers. Other major provisions include the capitalization and amortization of certain contract costs, ensuring the time value
of money is considered in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies
are resolved in certain circumstances. As of July 9, 2015, the FASB decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue standard
by one year. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, (the fiscal year
ending July 31, 2019 for the Company) and early adoption is permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.
Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.
We are currently assessing the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company s combined consolidated financial
statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management
to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances.
The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier adoption
is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01,  Income
Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items.  The ASU eliminates the concept of extraordinary items from U.S. GAAP as part of
its simplification initiative. The ASU does not affect disclosure guidance for events or transactions that are unusual in nature
or infrequent in their occurrence. The update applies to all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this update will not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation:
Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  The amendments in the update affect reporting entities that are required to evaluate
whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation
model. The amendments in the Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other entities, the effective date for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted.
The adoption of this update will not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03  Interest  
Imputation of Interest.  The ASU was issued as part of the Simplification Initiatives, to simplify presentation of debt issuance
costs. The amendments in the update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the
balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition
and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. For public business entities,
the amendments in the update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015,
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments in this update is permitted for financial statements
that have not been previously issued. We do not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying
the Measurement of Inventory (Topic 330).  ASU 2015-11 changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost
or market to lower of cost or net realizable value. The new standard is effective for our fiscal years and interim periods beginning
after December 15, 2016. We do not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) No. 2016-02    Leases (Topic 842) . The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that
requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.
Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the
income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing
at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain
practical expedients available. While we are evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard on our consolidated financial statements,
we expect that upon adoption we will recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities in amounts that could be material. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   which requires all excess tax benefits or deficiencies to be recognized
as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. In addition, excess tax benefits should be classified along with other
income tax cash flows as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows. Application of the standard is required for the
annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact
of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU no. 2016-13,   Financial
Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.   ASU 2016-13 introduces
a new forward-looking  expected loss  approach, to estimate credit losses on most financial assets and certain other
instruments, including trade receivables. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations
of historical information, current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU also expands the disclosure requirements
to enable users of financial statements to understand the entity s assumptions, models and methods for estimating expected
credit losses. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company s fiscal year ending July 31, 2021, and the guidance is to be applied
using the modified-retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on
our consolidated financial statements. 

Contractual Obligations   

The Company has entered into various real estate and equipment
operating leases and has employment agreements with certain executive officers. The real estate lease for the Company s Farmingdale
Clinical Lab and Research facility is with a related party. See Item 2, Properties, and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for a further description of these various leases. 

The following is a summary of future payments under the Company s
contractual obligations as of July 31, 2016: 

Management is not aware of any material claims, disputes or
settled matters concerning third-party reimbursements that would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

The Company does not have any  off-balance sheet arrangements 
as such term is defined in Item 303(a) (4) of Regulation S-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

General   

The Company s discussion and analysis of its financial
condition and results of operations are based upon Enzo Biochem, Inc. s consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements
requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
These estimates and judgments also affect related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 

On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those
related to contractual expense, allowance for uncollectible accounts, inventory, intangible assets and income taxes. The Company
bases its estimates on experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Product revenues   

Revenues from product sales are recognized when the products
are shipped and title transfers, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Royalties   

Royalty revenues are recorded in the period earned. Royalties
received in advance of being earned are recorded as deferred revenues. 

Revenues - Clinical laboratory services   

Revenues from the Clinical Labs segment are recognized upon
completion of the testing process for a specific patient and reported to the ordering physician. These revenues and the associated
accounts receivable are based on gross amounts billed or billable for services rendered, net of a contractual adjustment, which
is the difference between amounts billed to payers and the expected approved reimbursable settlements from such payers. 

The following table represents the Clinical Labs segment s
net revenues and percentages by revenue category (in thousands): 

The Company provides services to certain patients covered by
various third-party payers, including the Federal Medicare program. Laws and regulations governing Medicare are complex and subject
to interpretation for which action for noncompliance includes fines, penalties and exclusion from the Medicare programs. See Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

Other than the Medicare program, one provider whose programs
are included in the  Third-party payers  and  Health Maintenance Organizations  ( HMO s )
categories represent approximately 30%, 28% and 25% of the Clinical Labs segment net revenue for the years ended July 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014 respectively. 

Contractual Adjustment  

The Company s estimate of contractual adjustment is based
on significant assumptions and judgments, such as its interpretation of payer reimbursement policies, and bears the risk of change.
The estimation process is based on the experience of amounts approved as reimbursable and ultimately settled by payers, versus
the corresponding gross amount billed to the respective payers. The contractual adjustment is an estimate that reduces gross revenue
based on gross billing rates to amounts expected to be approved and reimbursed. Gross billings are based on a standard fee schedule
we set for all third party payers, including Medicare, health maintenance organizations ( HMO s ) and managed
care. The Company adjusts the contractual adjustment estimate quarterly, based on its evaluation of current and historical settlement
experience with payers, industry reimbursement trends, and other relevant factors. The other relevant factors that affect our contractual
adjustment include the monthly and quarterly review of: 1) current gross billings and receivables and reimbursement by payer, 2)
current changes in third party arrangements and 3) the growth of in-network provider arrangements and managed care plans specific
to our Company. 

Our clinical laboratory business is primarily dependent upon
reimbursement from third-party payers, such as Medicare (which principally serves patients 65 and older) and insurers. We are subject
to variances in reimbursement rates among different third-party payers, as well as constant changes of reimbursement rates. Changes
that decrease reimbursement rates or coverage would negatively  

impact our revenues. The number of individuals covered under managed
care contracts or other similar arrangements has grown over the past several years and may continue to grow in the future. In addition,
Medicare and other government healthcare programs continue to shift to managed care. These trends will continue to reduce our revenues. 

During the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the contractual
adjustment percentages, determined using current and historical reimbursement statistics, were approximately 84%, 85% and 86%,
respectively, of gross billings. The Company believes a decline in reimbursement rates or a shift to managed care, or similar arrangements
may be offset by the positive impact of an increase in the number of tests we perform. However, there can be no assurance that
we can increase the number of tests we perform or that if we do increase the number of tests we perform, that we can maintain that
higher number of tests performed, or that an increase in the number of tests we perform would result in increased revenue. 

The Company estimates (by using a sensitivity analysis) that
each 1% point change in the contractual adjustment percentage could result in a change in clinical laboratory services revenues
of approximately $4.5 million, $4.3 million, and $4.1 million, for the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively,
and a change in the net accounts receivable of approximately $0.6 million as of each of July 31, 2016 and $0.5 million as of July
31, 2015 and 2014. 

Our clinical laboratory financial billing system records gross
billings using a standard fee schedule for all payers and does not record contractual adjustment by payer at the time of billing.
Therefore, we are unable to quantify the effect of contractual adjustment recorded during the current period that relate to revenue
recorded in a previous period. However, we can reasonably estimate our monthly contractual adjustment to revenue on a timely basis
based on our quarterly review process, which includes: 

an analysis of industry reimbursement trends;   

an evaluation of third-party reimbursement rates changes and changes in reimbursement arrangements with third-party payers;   

a rolling monthly analysis of current and historical claim settlement and reimbursement experience statistics with payers;   

an analysis of current gross billings and receivables by payer.   

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   

Accounts receivable are reported at realizable value, net of
allowances for doubtful accounts, which is estimated and recorded in the period of the related revenue. 

The following is a table of the Company s net accounts
receivable by segment. The Clinical Labs segment s net receivables are detailed by billing category and as a percent to its
total net receivables. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, approximately 71% and 68% respectively, of the Company s net accounts
receivable relates to its Clinical Labs business, which operates in the New York and New Jersey medical communities. The Life Sciences
segment s accounts receivable, of which $1.2 million or 28% and $1.1 million or 28% represents foreign receivables as of
July 31, 2016 and 2015 respectively, includes royalty receivables of $0.5 million and $0.1 million, respectively, from Qiagen Corporation. 

Net accounts receivable (in thousands)  

Changes in the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts
are as follows: 

For the Clinical Labs segment, the allowance for doubtful accounts
represents amounts that the Company does not expect to collect after the Company has exhausted its collection procedures. The Company
estimates its allowance for doubtful accounts in the period the related services are billed and reduces the allowance in future
accounting periods based on write-offs during those periods. It bases the estimate for the allowance on the evaluation of historical
experience of accounts going to collections and the net amounts not received. Accounts going to collection include the balances,
after receipt of the approved settlements from third party payers, for the insufficient diagnosis information received from the
ordering physician which result in denials of payment, and our estimate of the uncollected portion of receivables from self-payers,
including deductibles and copayments, which are subject to credit risk and patients  ability to pay. As of July 31, 2016
and 2015, the Company recategorizes to collections customers whose accounts receivable have been outstanding more than 210 days.
The Company fully reserves through its contractual allowances amounts that have not been written off because the payer s
filing date deadline has not occurred or the collection process has not been exhausted. The Company s collection experience
on Medicare receivables beyond 210 days has been insignificant. The Company adjusts the historical collection analysis for recoveries,
if any, on an on-going basis. 

The Company s ability to collect outstanding receivables
from third party payers is critical to its operating performance and cash flows. The primary collection risk lies with uninsured
patients or patients for whom primary insurance has paid but a patient portion remains outstanding. The Company also assesses the
current state of its billing functions in order to identify any known collection or reimbursement issues in order to assess the
impact, if any, on the allowance estimates, which involves judgment. The Company believes that the collectability of its receivables
is directly linked to the quality of its billing processes, most notably, those related to obtaining the accurate patient information
in order to bill effectively for the services provided. Should circumstances change (e.g. shift in payer mix, decline in economic
conditions or deterioration in aging of receivables), our estimates of net realizable value of receivables could be reduced by
a material amount. 

Billing for laboratory services is complicated because of many
factors, especially: the differences between our standard gross fee schedule for all payers and the reimbursement rates of the
various payers we deal with, disparity of coverage and information requirements among the various payers, and disputes with payers
as to which party is responsible for reimbursement. 

The allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of total
accounts receivable at July 31, 2016 and 2015 was 19.4% and 12.9% respectively. During fiscal 2016 a higher allowance was required
due to the volume increase in genetic testing. 

The following table indicates the Clinical Labs aged gross receivables
by payer group (in thousands), which is prior to adjustment to gross receivables for: 1) contractual adjustment, 2) fully reserved
balances not yet written off, and 3) other revenue adjustments. 

* Total includes $3,115 fully reserved over 210 days as of July
31, 2016. 

** Total includes $4,072 fully reserved over 210 days as of
July 31, 2015. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes under the liability method
of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases. The liability method requires that any tax benefits recognized for net operating loss carry forwards
and other items be reduced by a valuation allowance where it is not more likely than not the benefits will be realized in the foreseeable
future. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under the liability method, the effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. It
is the Company s policy to provide for uncertain tax positions, if any, and the related interest and penalties based upon
management s assessment of whether a tax benefit is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities.
To the extent the Company prevails in matters for which a liability for an unrecognized tax benefit is established or is required
to pay amounts in excess of the liability, the Company s effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be
affected. 

Inventory  

The Company values inventory at the lower of cost (first-in,
first-out) or market. Work-in-process and finished goods inventories consist of material, labor, and manufacturing overhead. Write
downs of inventories to market value are based on a review of inventory quantities on hand and estimated sales forecasts based
on sales history and anticipated future demand. Unanticipated changes in demand could have a significant impact on the value of
our inventory and require additional write downs of inventory which would impact our results of operations. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition
over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Intangible assets (exclusive of patents), arose primarily from acquisitions, and
primarily consist of customer relationships, trademarks, licenses, and website and database content. Finite-lived intangible assets
are amortized according to their estimated useful lives, which range from 4 to 15 years. Patents represent capitalized legal costs
incurred in pursuing patent applications. When such applications result in an issued patent, the related capitalized costs are
amortized over a ten year period or the life of the patent, whichever is shorter, using the straight-line method. The Company reviews
its issued patents and pending patent applications, and if it determines to abandon a patent application or that an issued patent
no longer has economic value, the unamortized balance in deferred patent costs relating to that patent is immediately expensed. 

The Company tests goodwill and long-lived assets annually as
of the first day of the fourth quarter, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist. In assessing goodwill and
long-lived assets for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether the
existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount. If the Company determines that it is not more likely that not that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company is not required to perform any additional tests in assessing goodwill and long-lived
assets for impairment. However, if the Company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the qualitative assessment, then it
is required to perform the first step of a two-step quantitative impairment review process. The first step of the quantitative
impairment test requires the identification of the reporting units and comparison of the fair value of each of these reporting
units to their respective carrying value. If the carrying value of the reporting unit is less than its fair value, no impairment
exists and the second step is not performed. If the carrying value of the reporting unit is higher than its fair value, the second
step must be performed to compute the amount of the goodwill impairment, if any. In the second step, the impairment is computed
by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount
of the reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess 

During fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, there was no impairment
of Goodwill or Long-lived Assets. 

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency
exchange rates resulting from activities in foreign locations (See Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements) that could impact our results of operations and financial position. We do not currently engage in any hedging
or market risk management tools. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk  

The financial reporting of our non-U.S. subsidiaries is denominated
in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Since the functional currency of our non-U.S. subsidiaries is the local currency, foreign
currency translation adjustments are accumulated as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders 
equity. Assuming a hypothetical decline of 10% in the exchange rates of  

foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar at July 31,
2016, our assets and liabilities would decrease by $0.5 million and $0.1 million, respectively, and our net sales and net earnings
(loss) would decrease by $0.9 million and $0.2 million, respectively, on an annual basis. 

We also maintain intercompany balances and loans receivable
with subsidiaries with different local currencies. These amounts are at risk of foreign exchange losses if exchange rates fluctuate.
Assuming a hypothetical increase of 10% in the exchange rates of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar at July 31, 2016, our
pre-tax earnings (loss) would be unfavorably impacted by approximately $1.1 million on an annual basis. 

Interest Rate Risk  

We are exposed to interest rate risk with our variable rate
Credit Agreement which bears interest at the three month LIBOR with a floor of 1.25% plus 4% per annum. A 300 basis point change
in the LIBOR rate would impact our interest expense by $0.1 million. As of July 31, 2016, we have fixed interest rate financing
on transportation and equipment leases. 

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

The response to this item is submitted in a separate section
of this report. See Item 15(a) (1) and (2) 

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

None. 

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2016. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of
disclosure controls and procedures. Therefore, effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance
of achieving their control objectives. 

Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level as of
July 31, 2016, and that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported in a timely manner and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting
during the fourth quarter ended July 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting  

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;   

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; and   

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention and timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.   

Internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have
inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems that are determined to be effective provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in the 2013 Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its
assessment, management concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016. 

EisnerAmper LLP, our independent registered public accounting
firm, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016, as stated
in their report, which is included herein. 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm  

The Board of Directors and Stockholders  

Enzo Biochem, Inc.  

We have audited Enzo Biochem, Inc. and
subsidiaries  (the  Company ) internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016, based on criteria
established in the 2013  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission ( COSO ). The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, Enzo Biochem, Inc. and
subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016, based
on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by COSO. 

We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. and subsidiaries as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income
(loss), stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 31, 2016, and our
report dated October 13, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

New York, New York 

 October 13, 2016 

Item 9B.  Other Information  

None 

PART III  

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

The information required under this item will be set forth in
the Company s proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28, 2016 and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11.  Executive Compensation  

The information required under this item will be set forth in
the Company s proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28, 2016 and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

The information required under this item will be set forth in
the Company s proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28, 2016 and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence  

The information required under this item will be set forth in
the Company s proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28, 2016 and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  

The information required under this item will be set forth in
the Company s proxy statement expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28,
2016 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV  

Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

All other schedules have been omitted because the required information
is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto or because they are not required. 

The following documents are filed as Exhibits to this Annual
Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit   

No.   
         
       Description    
 
      3(a)  
         
      Certificate of Incorporation (1)   

3(b)  
         
      Certificate of Incorporation, as amended on March 17, 1980. (1)   

3(c)  
         
      Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation as amended on June 16, 1981. (2)   

3(d)  
         
      Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation as of July 22, 1988. (3)   

3(e)  
         
      Amended and restated Bylaws. (4)   

10(a)  
         
      1994 Stock Option Plan. (5)   

10 (b)  
         
      1999 Stock Option Plan. (6)   

10 (c)  
         
      2005 Equity Compensation Incentive Plan (7)   

10 (d)  
         
      2011 Incentive Plan (8)   

10 (e)  
         
      Lease agreement with Pari Management (9)   

10 (f)  
         
      Settlement and Release Agreement between the Company and Sigma Aldrich (10)   

10 (g)  
         
      Stock Purchase Agreement By and Among Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., Axxora Life Sciences Inc., and the Stock holders, Option holders and Warrant holders (12)   

10 (h)  
         
      Stock Asset Purchase Agreement By and Among Buyer Parties and Seller Parties with respect to the Biomol International and affiliate acquisition (13)   

10 (i)  
         
      Asset Purchase Agreement By and Among Enzo Life Sciences, Acquisition, Inc. and Assay Designs, Inc.(14)   

10 (j)  
         
      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Elazar Rabbani (15)   

10 (k)  
         
      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Barry Weiner (15)   

10 (l)  
         
      Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co,, as sales agent (16)   

10 (m)  
         
      Revolving Loan and Security Agreement among the Enzo Biochem, Inc., Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., Axxora, LLC and Enzo Realty, LLC as borrowers, and Enzo Therapeutics, Inc. as a guarantor, and Healthcare Finance Group, LLC as Lender (17)   

10 (n)  
         
      Settlement and Release Agreement between the Company and Affymetrix (18)   

10 (o)  
         
      Settlement and Release Agreement between the Company and PerkinElmer (19)   

10 (p)  
         
      Settlement and Release Agreement between the Company and U.S. Department of Justice (20)   

10 (q)  

Settlement and Release Agreement between the Company and Luminex
        Corporation (21) 

10 (r)  

Settlement and Release Agreement between the Company and Siemens
        Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. (22) 

10 (s) 
       
     Amendment of Lease with Pari Management (23)  

10 (t) 
       
     Settlement and Release Agreement between the Company and Affymetrix
        (24)  

10 (u)* 

Settlement and Release Agreement between the Company
and Illumina, Inc. (25) 

14 (a)  
         
      Code of Ethics (11)   

21*  
         
      List of subsidiaries of the Company   

23.1*  
         
      Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

31 (a)*  
         
      Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31 (b)*  
         
      Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32 (a)*  
         
      Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32 (b)*  
         
      Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101. INS**  
         
      XBRL Instance Document   

101. SCH**  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101. CAL**  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF**  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document   

101.LAB**  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE**  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

Notes to exhibits    

*  
         
      Filed herewith   

**  
         
      XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is being furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   

(1)  
         
      The exhibits were filed as exhibits to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 2-67359) and are incorporated herein by reference.   

(2)  
         
      This exhibit was filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 1981 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(3)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 1989 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(4)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K May 8, 2008 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(5)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 1995 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(6)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-87153) and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(7)  
         
      This exhibit was filed as an exhibit to the Company s Proxy Statement of Schedule 14A filed on January 19, 2006 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(8)  
         
      This exhibit was filed as appendix B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2010 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(9)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2005 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(10)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on September 21, 2006 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(11)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2003 and is incorporated here by reference.   

(12)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K May 30, 2007 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(13)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K May 8, 2008 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(14)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K March 13, 2009 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(15)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2010 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(16)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 28, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference.   

(17)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference.   

(18)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on April 24, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.   

(19)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on June 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.   

(20)  
         
      This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2014 and is incorporated herein by reference.   

(21)  

This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report
        on Form 8-K on July 7, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(22) 
       
     This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report
        on Form 8-K on July 22, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.  

(23) 
       
     This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report
        on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2015 and is incorporated herein by reference.  

(24) 
       
     This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report
        on Form 8-K on October 13, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.  

(25) 

This exhibit is being filed with the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

Date: October 13, 2016  
         
      By:    
      /s/ Elazar Rabbani Ph.D.  

Chairman of the Board  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

By: /s/ Elazar Rabbani Ph.D.  
         
      October 13, 2016  

Elazar Rabbani,  

Chairman of Board of Directors and Secretary  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By: /s/ Barry W. Weiner  
         
      October 13, 2016  

Barry W. Weiner,  

President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Director  

By: /s/ Bernard L. Kasten MD  
         
      October 13, 2016  

Bernard Kasten, Director  

By: /s/ Gregory M. Bortz  
         
      October 13, 2016  

Gregory M. Bortz, Director  

By: /s/ Dov Perlysky  
         
      October 13, 2016  

Dov Perlysky, Director  

FORM 10-K, ITEM 15(a) (1) and (2) 

 ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

LIST OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

The following consolidated financial statements and financial
statement schedule of Enzo Biochem, Inc. are included in Item 15(a): 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable,
and therefore have been omitted. 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm  

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Enzo Biochem,
Inc.  

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Enzo Biochem, Inc. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended July 31, 2016. The financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Enzo Biochem, Inc. and subsidiaries
as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended July 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Enzo Biochem, Inc. and subsidiaries  internal
control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016, based on criteria established in the 2013  Internal Control-Integrated
Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ), and our report
dated October 13, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

In connection with our audits of the consolidated
financial statements referred to above, we also audited Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for each of the years in
the three-year period ended July 31, 2016. In our opinion, this financial schedule, when considered in relation to the consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information stated therein. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

New York, New York 

 October 13, 2016 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (in thousands, except share and per share
data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (in thousands, except per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS)  

  (in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

  Years ended July 31, 2016, 2015, and
2014  

  (in thousands, except share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

   July 31, 2016    

   (Dollars in thousands except
share data)   

Note 1 - Summary of significant accounting
policies   

Nature of business  

Enzo Biochem, Inc. (the  Company )
is an integrated life science and biotechnology company engaged in research, development, manufacturing and marketing of diagnostic
and research products based on genetic engineering, biotechnology and molecular biology. These products are designed for the diagnosis
of and/or screening for infectious diseases, cancers, genetic defects and other medically pertinent diagnostic information and
are distributed in the United States and internationally. The Company is conducting research and development activities in the
development of therapeutic products based on the Company s technology platform of genetic modulation and immune modulation.
The Company also operates a clinical laboratory that offers and provides molecular and esoteric diagnostic medical testing services
in the New York and New Jersey medical communities. The Company operates in three segments (see Note 15).  

Principles of consolidation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP )
and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., Enzo Life Sciences, Inc.
(and its wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries), Enzo Therapeutics, Inc. and Enzo Realty LLC ( Realty ). All intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated.  

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
and accompanying footnotes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Foreign Currency Translation/Transactions   

The Company has determined that the functional
currency for its foreign subsidiaries is the local currency. For financial reporting purposes, assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currencies are translated at current exchange rates and profit and loss accounts are translated at weighted average
exchange rates. Resulting translation gains and losses are included as a separate component of stockholders  equity as accumulated
other comprehensive income or loss. Gains or losses resulting from transactions entered into in other than the functional currency
are recorded as foreign exchange gains and losses in the consolidated statements of operations.  

Cash and cash equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents consist of demand deposits
with banks and highly liquid money market funds. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had cash and cash equivalents in foreign
bank accounts of $0.5 million.  

Fair Values of Financial Instruments   

The recorded amounts of the Company s cash
and equivalents, receivables, loan payable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values principally
because of the short-term nature of these items.  

Concentration of credit risk   

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable.  

The Company believes the fair value of the aforementioned
financial instruments approximates the cost due to the immediate or short-term nature of these items.  

Concentration of credit risk with respect to the
Company s Life Sciences segment is mitigated by the diversity of the Company s clients and their dispersion across
many different geographic regions. To reduce risk, the Company routinely assesses the financial strength of these customers and,
consequently, believes that its accounts receivable credit exposure with respect to these customers is limited.  

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

   July 31, 2016    

   (Dollars in thousands except
share data)   

The Company believes that the concentration of
credit risk with respect to the Clinical Labs accounts receivable is mitigated by the diversity of third party payers that insure
individuals. To reduce risk, the Company routinely assesses the financial strength of these payers and, consequently, believes
that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure, with respect to these payers, is limited. While the Company also has receivables
due from the Federal Medicare program, the Company does not believe that these receivables represent a credit risk since the Medicare
program is funded by the federal government and payment is primarily dependent on our submitting the appropriate documentation.  

Accrual for Self-Funded Medical   

Accruals for self-funded medical insurance are
determined based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical payment trends, claims history and current estimates.
These estimated liabilities are not discounted. If actual trends differ from these estimates, the financial results could be impacted.  

Revenue Recognition - Product revenues   

Revenues from product sales are recognized when
the products are shipped and title transfers, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  

Royalties   

Royalty revenues are recorded in the period earned.
Royalties received in advance of being earned are recorded as deferred revenues.  

Clinical laboratory services   

Revenues from the Clinical Labs segment are recognized
upon completion of the testing process for a specific patient and reported to the ordering physician. These revenues and the associated
accounts receivable are based on gross amounts billed or billable for services rendered, net of a contractual adjustment, which
is the difference between amounts billed to payers and the expected reimbursable settlements from such payers.  

The following table summarizes the Clinical Lab
segment s net revenues and revenue percentages by revenue category:  

The Company provides services to certain patients
covered by various third-party payers, including the Federal Medicare program. Laws and regulations governing Medicare are complex
and subject to interpretation for which action for noncompliance includes fines, penalties and exclusion from the Medicare programs
(See Note 14).  

Other than the Medicare program, one provider
whose programs are included in the  Third-party payers  and  Health Maintenance Organizations  ( HMO s )
categories represent approximately 30%, 28% and 25% of the Clinical Labs segment net revenue for the years ended July 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014 respectively. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

   July 31, 2016    

   (Dollars
in thousands except share data)   

Contractual Adjustment   

The Company s estimate of contractual adjustment
is based on significant assumptions and judgments, such as its interpretation of payer reimbursement policies, and bears the risk
of change. The estimation process is based on the experience of amounts approved as reimbursable and ultimately settled by payers,
versus the corresponding gross amount billed to the respective payers. The contractual adjustment is an estimate that reduces
gross revenue based on gross billing rates to amounts expected to be approved and reimbursed. Gross billings are based on a standard
fee schedule the Company sets for all third-party payers, including Medicare, HMO s and managed care providers. The Company
adjusts the contractual adjustment estimate quarterly, based on its evaluation of current and historical settlement experience
with payers, industry reimbursement trends, and other relevant factors which include the monthly and quarterly review of: 1) current
gross billings and receivables and reimbursement by payer, 2) current changes in third party arrangements and 3) the growth of
in-network provider arrangements and managed care plans specific to our Company.  

During the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014, the contractual adjustment percentages, determined using current and historical reimbursement statistics, were approximately
84%, 85% and 86%, respectively, of gross billings.  

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts   

Accounts receivable are reported at realizable
value, net of allowances for doubtful accounts, which is estimated and recorded in the period of the related revenue.  

For the Clinical Labs segment, the allowance for
doubtful accounts represents amounts that the Company does not expect to collect after the Company has exhausted its collection
procedures. The Company estimates its allowance for doubtful accounts in the period the related services are billed and reduces
the allowance in future accounting periods based on write-offs during those periods. It bases the estimate for the allowance on
the evaluation of historical experience of accounts going to collections and the net amounts not received. Accounts going to collection
include the balances, after receipt of the approved settlements from third party payers, for the insufficient diagnosis information
received from the ordering physician which result in denials of payment, and our estimate of the uncollected portion of receivables
from self-payers, including deductibles and copayments, which are subject to credit risk and patients  ability to pay. As
of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company recategorizes to collections customers whose accounts receivable have been outstanding
more than 210 days. The Company fully reserves through its contractual allowances amounts that have not been written off because
the payer s filing date deadline has not occurred or the collection process has not been exhausted. The Company s
collection experience on Medicare receivables beyond 210 days has been insignificant. The Company adjusts the historical collection
analysis for recoveries, if any, on an on-going basis.  

As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company determined
an allowance for doubtful accounts for customers whose accounts receivable have been outstanding less than 210 days and either
fully reserved (principally Medicare) or wrote off 100% of accounts receivable over 210 days, as it determined based on historical
trends that these accounts were unlikely to be collected. Amounts fully reserved have not been written off because the payer s
filing date deadline has not occurred or the collection process has not been exhausted. The Company adjusts the historical collection
analysis for recoveries, if any, on an on-going basis.  

The Company s ability to collect outstanding
receivables from third-party payers is critical to its operating performance and cash flows. The primary collection risk lies
with uninsured patients or patients for whom primary insurance has paid but a patient portion remains outstanding. The Company
also assesses the current state of its billing functions in order to identify any known collection issues and to assess the impact,
if any, on the allowance estimates which involves judgment. The Company believes that the collectability of its receivables is
directly linked to the quality of its billing processes, most notably, those related to obtaining the correct information in order
to bill effectively for the services provided. Should circumstances change (e.g. shift in payer mix, decline in economic conditions
or deterioration in aging of receivables), our estimates of net realizable value of receivables could be reduced by a material
amount.  

The allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage
of total accounts receivable at July 31, 2016 and 2015 was 19.4% and 12.9% respectively. During fiscal 2016 a higher allowance
was required due to the volume increase in genetic testing.  

The Clinical Labs segment s net receivables
are detailed by billing category and as a percent to its total net receivables. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, approximately 71% and
68%, respectively, of the Company s net accounts receivable relates to its Clinical Labs business, which operates in the
New York and New Jersey medical communities.  

ENZO
BIOCHEM, INC.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   July
31, 2016    

   (Dollars
in thousands except share data)   

The
Life Sciences segment s accounts receivable includes royalties receivable of $0.5 million and $0.1 million, as of July 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively, due from QIAGEN Gaithersburg Inc. ( Qiagen ) (see Note 12).  

The
following is a table of the Company s net accounts receivable by segment.  

Changes
in the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts are as follows:  

Inventories   

The
Company values inventory at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Work-in-process and finished goods inventories
consist of material, labor, and manufacturing overhead. Write downs of inventories to market value are based on a review of inventory
quantities on hand and estimated sales forecasts based on sales history and anticipated future demand. Unanticipated changes in
demand could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and require additional write downs of inventory which would
impact our results of operations.  

Property,
plant and equipment   

Property,
plant and equipment is stated at cost, and depreciated on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the various
asset classes as follows: building and building improvements: 15-30 years, and laboratory machinery and equipment and office furniture
and computer equipment which range from 3-10 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the term of the related leases or
estimated useful lives of the assets, whichever is shorter.  

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets   

Goodwill
represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired.  

Intangible
assets (exclusive of patents), arose primarily from acquisitions, and primarily consist of customer relationships, trademarks,
licenses, and website and database content. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized according to their estimated useful lives,
which range from 4 to 15 years. Indefinite-lived intangibles are not amortized and are evaluated each reporting period to determine
whether events and circumstances continue to support their having an indefinite life. Indefinite-lived intangibles found
to no longer have an indefinite life are evaluated for impairment and are then amortized over their remaining useful life as finite-lived
intangible assets. Patents represent capitalized legal costs incurred in pursuing patent applications. When such applications
result in an issued patent, the related capitalized costs are amortized over a ten year period or the life of the patent, whichever
is shorter, using the straight-line method. 

ENZO
BIOCHEM, INC.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   July
31, 2016    

   (Dollars
in thousands except share data)   

The
Company reviews its issued patents and pending patent applications, and if it determines to abandon a patent application or that
an issued patent no longer has economic value, the unamortized balance in deferred patent costs relating to that patent is immediately
expensed.  

Impairment
testing for Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets   

The
Company tests goodwill annually as of the first day of the fourth quarter, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment
exist. In assessing goodwill for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine
whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value
of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair
value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company is not required to perform any additional tests in assessing
goodwill for impairment. If the Company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the qualitative assessment, then it is required
to perform the first step of a two-step quantitative impairment review process. The first step of the quantitative impairment
test requires the identification of the reporting units and comparison of the fair value of each of these reporting units to their
respective carrying value. If the carrying value of the reporting unit is less than its fair value, no impairment exists and the
second step is not performed. If the carrying value of the reporting unit is higher than its fair value, the second step must
be performed to compute the amount of the goodwill impairment, if any. In the second step, the impairment is computed by comparing
the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the
reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess. The
Company performed a qualitative assessment in 2016, 2015, and 2014 and concluded there were no goodwill impairments.  

The
Company reviews the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets (including intangible assets with finite lives)
for impairment annually as of the first day of the fourth quarter, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist.
Should indicators of impairment exist, the carrying values of the assets are evaluated in relation to the operating performance
and future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying business. The net book value of an asset is adjusted to fair value if its
expected future undiscounted cash flow is less than its book value. There were no long-lived asset impairments in 2016, 2015 or
2014.  

Comprehensive
income (loss)   

Comprehensive
income (loss) consists of the Company s consolidated net income (loss) and foreign currency translation adjustments. Foreign
currency translation adjustments included in comprehensive income (loss) were not tax effected as investments in international
affiliates are deemed to be permanent. Accumulated other comprehensive income is a separate component of stockholders  equity
and consists of the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments.  

Shipping
and Handling Costs   

Shipping
and handling costs associated with the distribution of finished goods to customers are recorded in cost of goods sold.  

Research
and Development   

Research
and development costs are charged to expense as incurred.  

Advertising   

All
costs associated with advertising are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense, included in selling, general and administrative
expense, approximated $601, $556 and $440 for the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes under the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. The liability method requires that any tax
benefits recognized for net operating loss carry forwards and other items be reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more
likely  

ENZO
BIOCHEM, INC.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   July
31, 2016    

   (Dollars
in thousands except share data)   

than
not that the benefits may not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  

Under
the liability method, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date.  

It is
the Company s policy to provide for uncertain tax positions and the related interest and penalties based upon management s
assessment of whether a tax benefit is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. At July 31, 2016,
the Company believes it has appropriately accounted for any unrecognized tax benefits. To the extent the Company prevails in matters
for which a liability for an unrecognized tax benefit is established or is required to pay amounts in excess of the liability,
the Company s effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be affected.  

Segment
Reporting   

The
Company separately reports information about each operating segment that engages in business activities from which the segment
may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose separate operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision
maker regarding allocation of resources and performance assessment and which exceed specific quantitative thresholds related to
revenue and profit or loss. The Company s operating activities are reported in three segments (see Note 15).  

Net
income (loss) per share   

Basic
net income (loss) per share represents net income (loss) divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period. The dilutive effect of potential common shares, consisting of outstanding stock options and unvested restricted stock,
is determined using the treasury stock method. For fiscal 2016, approximately 449,000 weighted average stock options were included
in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. Diluted weighted average shares outstanding for fiscal 2015
and 2014 do not include the potential common shares from stock options and unvested restricted stock because to do so would have
been antidilutive and as such is the same as basic weighted average shares outstanding for 2015 and 2014. The number of potential
common shares ( in the money options ) and unvested restricted stock excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted
average shares outstanding for the years ended July 31, 2015, and 2014 was 403,000, and 1,016,000, respectively.  

For
the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the effect of approximately 282,000, 977,000 and 182,000 respectively, of outstanding
 out of the money  options to purchase common shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average
shares outstanding because their effect would be anti-dilutive. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted
net loss per share for the years ended July 31:  

Share-Based
Compensation   

The
Company records compensation expense associated with stock options and restricted stock based upon the fair value of stock based
awards as measured at the grant date. The Company determines the award values of stock options using the Black Scholes option
pricing model.  

ENZO
BIOCHEM, INC.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   July
31, 2016    

   (Dollars
in thousands except share data   

The
expense is recorded by amortizing the fair values on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, adjusted for forfeitures.  

For
the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, share-based compensation expense relating to the fair value of stock options, restricted
shares and restricted stock units was approximately $525, $429, and $594, respectively (see Note 10). No excess tax benefits were
recognized for the year ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.  

The
following table sets forth the amount of expense related to share-based payment arrangements included in specific line items in
the accompanying statement of operations for the years ended July 31:  

As of
July 31, 2016, there was $810 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based payment arrangements granted
under the Company s incentive stock plans, which will be recognized over a weighted average remaining life of approximately
sixteen months.  

Effect
of new accounting pronouncements    

In May
2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) No.
2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606 . ASU 2014-09 amends the guidance for revenue recognition to replace
numerous, industry-specific requirements and converges areas under this topic with those of the International Financial Reporting
Standards. ASU 2014-09 implements a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control,
as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. The amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing
and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. Other major provisions include the capitalization and
amortization of certain contract costs, ensuring the time value of money is considered in the transaction price, and allowing
estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. As of July 9,
2015, the FASB decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 are
effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, (the fiscal year ending July 31, 2019 for the Company) and
early adoption is permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Entities can transition to the standard either
retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. We are currently assessing the impact the adoption
of ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company s combined consolidated financial statements.  

In August
2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern .
ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide
related footnote disclosure in certain circumstances. The new standard will be effective for all entities in the first annual
period ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this update to have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements.  

In January
2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01,  Income Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items.  The ASU eliminates the concept
of extraordinary items from U.S. GAAP as part of its simplification initiative. The ASU does not affect disclosure guidance for
events or transactions that are unusual in nature or infrequent in their occurrence. The update applies to all entities for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this update will not
have any impact on our consolidated financial statements.  

In February
2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  The amendments in the update
affect reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. All legal entities
are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. The amendments in the Update are effective for public business
entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other
entities, the effective date for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning  

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016   

  (Dollars in thousands except share data  

after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption
of this update will not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03  Interest  
Imputation of Interest.  The ASU was issued as part of the Simplification Initiatives, to simplify presentation of debt issuance
costs. The amendments in the update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the
balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition
and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. For public business entities,
the amendments in the update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015,
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments in this update is permitted for financial statements
that have not been previously issued. We do not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the
Measurement of Inventory (Topic 330).  ASU 2015-11 changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost
or market to lower of cost or net realizable value. The new standard is effective for our fiscal years and interim periods beginning
after December 15, 2016. We do not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2016-02    Leases (Topic 842) . The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to
record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified
as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new
standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into
after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients
available. While we are evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard on our consolidated financial statements, we expect
that upon adoption we will recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities in amounts that could be material. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   which requires all excess tax benefits or deficiencies to be recognized
as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. In addition, excess tax benefits should be classified along with other
income tax cash flows as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows. Application of the standard is required for the
annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact
of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU no. 2016-13,   Financial
Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.   ASU 2016-13 introduces
a new forward-looking  expected loss  approach, to estimate credit losses on most financial assets and certain other
instruments, including trade receivables. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations
of historical information, current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU also expands the disclosure requirements
to enable users of financial statements to understand the entity s assumptions, models and methods for estimating expected
credit losses. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company s fiscal year ending July 31, 2021, and the guidance is to be applied
using the modified-retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on
our consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2 - Goodwill and intangible assets  

Goodwill 

The Company s net carrying amount of goodwill is in the Clinical
Labs segment as of July 31, 2016 and 2015 is $7,452. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016   

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

Intangible assets 

The Company s change in the net carrying amount of intangible
assets, all in the Life Sciences segment is as follows: 

Intangible assets, all finite-lived, consist of the following: 

At July 31, 2016 information with respect to the intangibles acquired
is as follows: 

Useful life     assigned         
          Weighted average     remaining useful life       
 
     Customer relationships     
         8-15 years        
         4 years      
 
     Trademarks     
         5 years        
         1 years      
 
     Other intangibles     
         10 years        
         3 years      

At July 31, 2016, the weighted average remaining useful life of
intangible assets was approximately three years. 

Estimated amortization expense related to these
finite-lived intangible assets for the five succeeding fiscal years ending July 31 is as follows: 

Amortization expense for the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015, and
2014 was $1,677, $1,770, and $1,840, respectively. 

Note 3 - Supplemental disclosure for statement of cash flows  

In the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, income taxes paid
by the Company approximated $279, $115, and $44 respectively .  

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

In the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, interest paid
by the Company approximated $121, $206, and $208 respectively. 

During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company financed $95, $346
and  $392 , respectively, in machinery and transportation equipment under installment loans. 

During fiscal 2016 and 2015, the Company entered into capital lease
agreements for machinery and equipment with a cost basis of $1,280 and $155, respectively. During fiscal 2014, the Company did
not enter into any capital lease agreements. 

During fiscal 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded $45 and $136,
respectively, in additional paid in capital and reduced accrued liabilities by the same amount for options issued in lieu of cash
payment of certain incentive compensation awards. There were no such transactions recorded during fiscal 2016. 

During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company issued shares of
common stock in connection with its share-based 401(k) employer match and recorded expense in the amount of $709, $663 and $636,
respectively. 

Note 4 - Inventories  

Inventories consisted of the following at July 31: 

Note 5 - Property, plant, and equipment  

At July 31, 2016 and 2015 property, plant, and equipment consist
of: 

Note 6 - Income taxes   

The benefit (provision) for income taxes for fiscal years ended
July 31 is as follows: 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences
between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. The components of deferred
tax assets (liabilities) as of July 31 are as follows: 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016   

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

Net deferred tax liabilities are included in the consolidated balance
sheets as of July 31 as follows: 

The Company recorded a valuation
allowance during the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 equal to domestic and certain foreign net deferred tax assets. The
Company believes that the valuation allowance is necessary as it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets
will be realized in the foreseeable future based on positive and negative evidence available at this time. This conclusion
was reached because of uncertainties relating to future taxable income, in terms of both its timing and its sufficiency,
which would enable the Company to realize the deferred tax assets. For fiscal year 2016 and 2015 the change in the valuation
allowance was $14.7 million and $0.2 million, respectively. 

As of July 31, 2016, the Company had U.S. federal net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately $55.0 million. The U.S. federal tax loss carryforwards, if not fully utilized, expire between
2030 and 2035. Utilization is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to expiration of the tax loss carryforwards.
In addition, the Company has research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately $1.0 million which expire between
2025 and 2036. As of July 31, 2016, the Company had foreign loss carryforwards of approximately $7.9 million. 

The components of income (loss) before income taxes consisted of
the following for the years ended July 31: 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016   

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

The (provision) benefit for income taxes was at rates different
from U.S. federal statutory rates for the following reasons for the years ended July 31: 

U.S. federal income taxes have not been provided on approximately
$101 of undistributed earnings at the Company s foreign subsidiaries at July 31, 2016, because it is the Company s
intent to keep the earnings reinvested. As of July 31, 2016, the Company has no liabilities for uncertain tax positions. It is
the Company s policy to record interest and penalties as a component of tax expense. The Company files income tax returns
in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions and several foreign jurisdictions. 

Note 7 - Loan Payable  

On June 7, 2013, the Company entered into a secured Revolving Loan
and Security Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) among the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, with Enzo Therapeutics
as a guarantor, and MidCap Financial LLC. (formerly Healthcare Finance Group, LLC). The Credit Agreement, which expires in December
2016, provides for borrowings against eligible US receivables, as defined, of the Clinical Lab and Life Science segments up to
$8.0 million at defined eligibility percentages and provides for additional borrowings of $4.0 million for increased eligible assets.
Debt issuance costs of $281 are being amortized over the life of the Credit Agreement. The balance of unamortized debt issuance
cost was $28 and $111 at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is included in prepaid expenses. If the amount of borrowings
outstanding under the revolving credit facility exceeds the borrowing base then in effect, or the Lender requires a reserve, the
Company will be required to repay such borrowings in an amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. Interest on advances, payable
monthly, is based on the three month LIBOR rate, with a floor of 1.25% plus an applicable margin of 4.0%. The nominal interest
rate for both years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was 5.25%. In the event of any default, the interest rate may be increased 3.0%
over the current rate. The facility also carries a non-utilization fee of 0.50% per annum, payable monthly, on the unused portion
of the credit line. The effective interest rate for the credit agreement was 11.4%, 10.5% and 10.6% for the fiscal years ended
July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Credit Agreement requires a minimum borrowing of $2.0 million. At July 31, 2016
and 2015, the borrowings under the Credit Agreement related to the Clinical Labs and Life Sciences receivables aggregated $1.6
and $3.0 million, respectively, with an additional availability of $6.2 million at July 31, 2016. 

The Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement are
secured by primarily all the unencumbered U.S. assets of the Company, excluding buildings and intellectual property which the
Lender has a negative pledge, and the capital stock of subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement includes customary affirmative and negative
covenants and events of default and requires maximum levels of cash usage and minimum levels of liquidity, as defined, and provides
for increased liquidity levels if operating results are not achieved. Negative covenants include among others, limitations on
additional debt, liens, loans or investments, distributions, asset sales and affiliate transactions. Events of default include
non-payment of principal and interest on debt outstanding, non-performance of covenants, material change in business, breach of
representations, bankruptcy and insolvency, material judgments and changes in control. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
is in compliance with the financial covenants. 

The Credit Agreement includes customary affirmative and negative
covenants and events of default. The terms of the debt covenants include: 

o    The minimum balance the Company must borrow at any time is $2.0 million.
In the event the Company s loan balance is less than $2.0 million, it will be charged interest on $2.0 million. At July 31,
2016, the loan balance was approximately $1.6 million. Loan balance of less than $2.0 million is not a non-compliance event.    

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands except share data)  

o    The Company must maintain a Minimum Liquidity, as defined in the Credit
Agreement, of not less than $3.0 million. At July 31, 2016, the Company s Minimum Liquidity was $11.2 million.    

o    The quarterly Cash Burn, as defined in the Credit Agreement, must be
greater than zero. During the three months ended July 31, 2016, the Cash Burn was positive in the amount of $1.3 million.    

Based on its current level of Minimum Liquidity and Cash Burn, the
Company believes it will continue to be in compliance with the financial covenants in future periods; however there are no assurances
of such compliance. Based on our ability to comply with financial covenants in the past, our ability to obtain covenant waivers
previously, and our expected future performance, we believe we would be able to cure a non-compliance event and obtain a Lender
waiver. The Company currently believes that the Lender would be willing to negotiate and provide waivers to the Company in the
event of non-compliance with covenants, although there can be no assurances. In addition, the Company believes the effects of non-compliance
with the covenants would not have a material effect on our financial condition and liquidity due to cash provided by operating
cash flows and funds available under the Company s Controlled Equity Offering program. 

Note 8 - Accrued Liabilities, Other Current Liabilities and Other
Liabilities  

At July 31 accrued liabilities consist of: 

Self-Insured Medical Plan  

The Company self-funds medical insurance coverage for certain of
its U.S. based employees. The risk to the Company is believed to be limited through the use of individual and aggregate stop loss
insurance. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company has established a reserve of $0.3 million, which is included in accrued liabilities,
for claims that have been reported but not paid and incurred but not reported. The reserve is based upon the Company s historical
payment trends, claim history and current estimates. 

Note 9 - Other liabilities  

At July 31 Other liabilities consist of: 

The capital lease obligation and Installment loans are for machinery
and equipment used in the Clinical Labs segment. Amortization of the assets recorded under the capital lease is included in depreciation
expense. At July 31, 2016, the accumulated amortization on the capital lease was $271 and the imputed interest rate ranges from
4.3% to 9.5%. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands except share data)  

Future minimum lease and loan payments are as follows:  

The weighted average interest rate on our short term borrowings
during fiscal 2016 and 2015 was 8.0% and 2.7%, respectively. 

Note 10 - Stockholders  equity  

Controlled Equity Offering   

On March 28, 2013, the Company entered into a Controlled Equity
Offering SM  Sales Agreement (the  Sales Agreement ) with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., as sales agent ( Cantor ).
Under the Sales Agreement, the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, through Cantor, shares of the Company s common
stock, par value $0.01 per share (the  Common Stock ), having an aggregate offering price of up to $20.0 million (the
 Shares ). The Company pays Cantor a commission of 3.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds received under the Sale Agreement.
The Company is not obligated to make any sales of the Shares under the Sales Agreement. The offering of Shares pursuant to the
Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) the sale of all of the Shares subject to the Sales Agreement or (b) the
termination of the Sales Agreement by Cantor or the Company, as permitted therein. The Shares were initially issued pursuant to
the Company s  shelf  Registration Statement which was declared effective on August 5, 2010 and the prospectus
supplement, dated March 28, 2013, and under a  shelf  registration statement and prospectus supplement dated August
1, 2013 declared effective August 13, 2013. 

On December 31, 2014, the Sales Agreement was amended in order
for the Company to offer and sell, through Cantor, acting as agent, additional shares of Common Stock having an aggregate offering
price of $20.0 million.  In connection with the amendment to the Sales Agreement, the Company also filed with the SEC a prospectus
supplement dated December 31, 2014.  

Most recently with respect to the Sales Agreement, the Company
filed a  shelf  registration and prospectus supplement dated September 1, 2016 and is waiting for it to be declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

For the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company did not sell any
shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement. For the year ended July 31, 2015, the Company sold an aggregate of 1,588,480
shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement at an average price of $4.34 per share and received proceeds of approximately
$6.7 million, net of expenses of $207. 

Common stock  

In fiscal 2016, the Company issued 160,352 shares of common
stock for its employees  401(k) matching contributions obligation. The Company recorded an expense of $709 for the match
representing the fair value of the shares at the date of issuance. 

In fiscal 2015, the Company issued 214,984 shares of common
for its employees  401(k) matching contributions obligation. The Company recorded an expense of $662 for the match, representing
the fair value of the shares at the date of issuance. 

In fiscal 2014, the Company issued 165,646 shares of common
for its employees  401(k) matching contributions obligation. The Company recorded an expense of $636 for the match, representing
the fair value of the shares at the date of issuance. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

Incentive stock plans  

The Company has an incentive stock option and restricted
(non-vested) stock award plan (the  2005 Plan ), under which the Company could grant options and restricted stock
(non-vested) awards for up to 1,000,000 common shares under the 2005 Plan. No additional awards may be granted under the 2005
Plan. On January 14, 2011, the Company s stockholders approved the adoption of the 2011 Incentive Plan (the  2011
Plan ) which provides for the issuance of equity awards, including among others, options, restricted stock and
restricted stock units for up to 3,000,000 Common Shares. The exercise price of options granted under the 2011 Plan, and
consistent with other Plans, is equal to or greater than fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Unless
terminated earlier by the Board of Directors, the 2011 Plan will terminate at the earliest of; (a) such time as no shares of
Common Stock remain available for issuance under the 2011 Plan or (b) tenth anniversary of the effective date of the 2011
Plan. Awards outstanding upon expiration of the 2011 Plan shall remain in effect until they have been exercised, terminated,
or have expired. As of July 31, 2016, there were approximately 818,000 shares available for grant under the 2011 Plan. 

The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option award
on the measurement date using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of awards is amortized to expense on a straight
line basis over the requisite service period. The Company expenses restricted stock awards based on vesting requirements, primarily
time elapsed. 

Options granted pursuant to the plans may be either incentive
stock options or non-statutory options The 2011 Plan provides for the issuance of stock options, restricted stock and restricted
stock unit awards which generally vest over a two to four year period. A summary of the activity pursuant to the Company s
stock option plans for the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 is as follows: 

The intrinsic value of stock option awards that vested during
the fiscal year represents the value of the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal year in excess
of the exercise price multiplied by the number of options that vested. Total intrinsic value of options that vested and were exercisable
during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $4,399, $97 and $425, respectively. The intrinsic value of options
outstanding at July 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $6,451, $154 and $1,915, respectively. The intrinsic value of the options exercised
in fiscal 2016 was $64. 

On January 6, 2016, the Company awarded 189,873 options to the
board of directors with an exercise price of $4.66 and a five-year term, which vest annually over two years. The fair value of
the options granted was $1.65 per share. The assumption used to fair value these options were as follow: expected life of 3.25
years, expected volatility 48.6%, a risk free interest rate of 1.31% and no dividend yield. As of July 31, 2016 none of these options
were vested. 

On March 14, 2016, the Company awarded 110,000 options to senior
officers with an exercise price of $4.35 and a five-year term, which vest annually over two years. The fair value of the options
granted was $1.46 per share. The assumption used to fair value these options were as follow: expected life of 3.25 years, expected
volatility 46.13%, a risk free interest rate of 1.19% and no dividend yield. As of July 31, 2016 none of these options were vested. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

On March 14, 2016, the Company also awarded 188,600 options
to senior management and employees with an exercise price of $4.35 and a five-year term, which vest annually over three years.
The fair value of the options granted was $1.57 per share. The assumption used to fair value these options were as follow: expected
life of 3.5 years, expected volatility 48.14%, a risk free interest rate of 1.24% and no dividend yield. As of July 31, 2016 none
of these options were vested. 

On June 16, 2016, the Company awarded 2,000 options to an employee
with an exercise price of $5.61 per share and a five-year term, which vest annually over two years. The fair value of the options
granted was $1.88 per share. The assumption used to fair value these options were as follows: expected life of 3.25 years, expected
volatility 46.64%, a risk free interest rate of 0.846% and no dividend yield. As of July 31, 2016 none of these options were vested. 

On January 21, 2015, the Company awarded 293,373 options to
two senior officers and the board of directors with an exercise price of $3.40 and a five-year term, which vest annually over
two years. The fair value of the options granted was $1.27 per share. The assumptions used to fair value these option awards were
as follows: expected life of 3.25 years, expected volatility 52.25%, a risk free interest rate of 0.93% and no dividend yield.
As of July 31, 2016, approximately 146,687 of these options were vested. Further on January 21, 2015, the Company awarded 40,000
options to executive officers with an exercise price of $3.40 and a five-year term, which vest annually over three years. The
fair value of the options granted was $1.39 per share. The assumptions used to fair value these option awards were as follows:
expected life of 3.5 years, expected volatility 55.63%, a risk free interest rate of 1.00% and no dividend yield. As of July 31,
2016, approximately 11,667 of these options were vested and 5,000 were forfeited. 

On December 10, 2014, the Company awarded 50,500 options to
employees with an exercise price of $4.66 and a five-year term, which vest annually over three years. The fair value of the options
granted was $1.894 per share. The assumption used to fair value these option awards were as follows: expected life of 3.5 years,
expected volatility 55.16%, a risk free interest rate of 1.15% and no dividend yield. As of July 31, 2016 approximately 15,167
of these options were vested. 

On February 3, 2014, the Company awarded 20,000 options to an
executive officer with an exercise price of $2.75 and a five year term, which vest annually over three years. The fair value of
the options granted was $1.11 per share. The assumptions used to fair value this option award were as follows: expected life of
3.5 years, expected volatility 55.07%, risk free interest rate of 0.84% and no dividend yield. As of July 31, 2016, approximately
13,333 of these options were vested. 

On January 17, 2014, the Company awarded 267,797 options to
two senior officers and the board of directors with an exercise price of $2.70 and a five year-term, which vest annually over two
years. The fair value of the options granted was $1.05 per share. The assumptions used to fair value these option awards were as
follows: expected life of 3.25 years, expected volatility 54.78%, a risk free interest rate of 0.90% and no dividend yield. As
of July 31, 2016, all of these options were fully vested. Further on January 17, 2014, the Company awarded 95,729 options to executive
officers with an exercise price of $2.70 and a five-year term, which vest annually over three years. The fair value of the options
granted was $1.10 per share. The assumptions used to fair value these option awards were as follows: expected life of 3.5 years,
expected volatility 55.45%, a risk free interest rate of 1.00% and no dividend yield. As of July 31, 2016, approximately 57,200
of these options were vested, including approximately 42,000 which became fully vested upon termination and 12,000 were forfeited. 

On November 26, 2013, the Company awarded 271,591 options to
two senior officers with an exercise price of $3.00 and a four-year term, which vest over one year. The award satisfies $0.2 million
of their fiscal 2013 incentive compensation award liability in lieu of cash. The fair value of the options granted was $0.66 per
share. The assumptions used to fair value these option awards were as follows: expected life of 2.5 years, expected volatility
54.79%, risk free interest rate of 0.42% and no dividend yield. As of July 31, 2016, all of these options were vested. 

The following table summarizes information for stock options
outstanding at July 31, 2016: 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

Restricted Stock Awards  

During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the compensation committee
of the Company s board of directors approved grants of restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards (the  Awards )
to certain officers and certain employees under the 2011 or 2005 Plans. The Awards vest upon the recipient s continued employment
service rateably over either two, three or four years. Share-based compensation expense is based on the fair value of the award
as measured on the grant date and is recorded over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. The Awards will be forfeited if
the recipient ceases to be employed by the Company, as defined in the Plans  terms. The Awards settle in shares of the Company s
common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

The following table summarizes the activity pursuant to restricted
stock awards for the years ended July 31, 

The fair value of the awards that vested during the years ended
July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $46, $79 and $253, respectively. 

Note 11 - Employee benefit plan  

The Company has a qualified Salary Reduction Profit Sharing
Plan (the  Plan ) for eligible U.S. employees under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Plan provides
for voluntary employee contributions through salary reduction and voluntary employer contributions at the discretion of the Company.
For the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, the Company authorized employer matched contributions of 50% of the employees 
contribution up to 10% of the employees  compensation, payable in Enzo Biochem, Inc. common stock. The share-based 401(k)
employer matched contribution was approximately $709, $662, and $636 in fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. As of
July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 the Company accrued a total of $413, $387 and $372 in 401(K) matching contributions within the Accrued
liabilities account. 

The Company s Swiss operations provide a pension plan
named the Enzo Life Sciences (ELS) AG Vertrag - Nr. 2/401144, (the  Swiss Plan ) under the Swiss government s
social security system for Swiss employees. The current required minimum saving contribution is 13% for employees over age 25 and
minimum annual investment return is 1.25%. Employees are required to contribute based on a formula and the Company s Swiss
operations make contributions of at least 50% of the employee contribution. The status of the Swiss Plan, which is substantially
funded as of December 31, 2015, the latest plan year end, is as follows: 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

The Swiss Plan s contract expires December 31, 2019 and
currently the Company has no plans to change the current funding or plan design. No events have occurred that would impact the
Swiss Plan status. 

Note 12 - Royalty and other income  

The Company has a license agreement with Qiagen that began in
2005, whereby the Company earns quarterly running royalties on the net sales of Qiagen products subject to the license until the
expiration of the patent on April 24, 2018. During the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded royalty income
under the agreement of approximately $1,521, $2,495 and $4,408 respectively, which is included in the Life Sciences segment. 

Note 13 - Commitments  

Leases  

The Company leases equipment, office and laboratory space under
several non-cancellable operating leases that expire between September 2015 and May 2023. Certain leases include renewal options
and rent escalation clauses. An entity owned by certain executive officers/directors of the Company owns the building that the
Company leases as its main facility for clinical laboratory operations and certain research operations. In March 2005, the Company
amended and extended the lease for 12 years. In addition to the minimum annual rentals of space, the lease is subject to annual
increases, based on the consumer price index. Annual increases are limited to 3% per year. Rent expense for this lease, inclusive
of real estate taxes, approximated $1,704, $1,623(net of real estate tax abatement received of $61) and $1,649 during fiscal years
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Total rent expense incurred by the Company during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 for all its facilities
was approximately $4,572, $4,504 and $4,488, respectively. 

Minimum future annual rentals under all non-cancellable operating
leases, net of sublease rental income of $323, as of July 31, 2016, are as follows: 

Employment Agreements  

The Company has employment agreements with certain officers
that are cancellable at any time but provide for severance pay in the event an officer is terminated by the Company without cause,
as defined in the agreements. Unless cancelled earlier or with notice as defined, the agreement automatically renews for two years.
Aggregate minimum compensation commitments, exclusive of any severance provisions as of July 31, 2016 is $2,271. 

Note 14   Contingencies  

On June 7, 2004, the Company and Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., filed
suit in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut against Applera Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiary
Tropix, Inc., which became Life Technologies, Inc. and was acquired by Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. (NYSE:TMO) on February 3,
2014. The complaint alleged infringement of six patents relating to DNA sequencing systems, labeled nucleotide products, and
other technology. Yale University is the owner of four of the patents and the Company is the exclusive licensee. These four patents
are commonly referred to as the  Ward  patents. On November 12, 2012, a jury in New Haven found that one of these patents
(United States Patent No. 5,449,667) was infringed and not proven invalid. The jury awarded $48.5 million for this infringement.
On January 6, 2014, the judge awarded prejudgment interest of approximately $12.5 million and additional post-interest on the full
amount was also awarded starting November 7, 2012 until the total award is satisfied. The final award to the Company
could have been reduced or subject to possible claims from third parties. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

On March 16, 2015, the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
vacated that judgment in a decision remanding the matter to the district court for further proceedings.  On February 22, 2016,
the Connecticut District Court granted Applera s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement.  The Company appealed
that decision. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in this litigation. Even if the Company is not successful,
management does not believe that there will be a significant adverse monetary impact on the Company. 

As of August 1, 2014 the Company was engaged in
litigation in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Roche Diagnostic GmbH and its
related company Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. ( Roche ), as declaratory judgment defendant. This case was
commenced in May 2004. Roche seeks a declaratory judgment of non-breach of contract and patent invalidity against the
Company. Roche has also asserted tort claims against the Company. The Company has asserted breach of contract and patent
infringement causes of action against Roche. There has been extensive discovery in the case. In 2011, Roche moved for summary
judgment of non-infringement regarding the Company s patent claims. In 2012, the motion was granted in part and denied
in part. In December 2012, Roche moved for summary judgment on the Company s non-patent claims. Additional discovery
was taken and the Company responded to the motions in May 2013. On December 6, 2013, the Court granted in part and denied in
part Roche s summary judgment motion. On October 22, 2014, the Court ordered that damages discovery concerning the
Company s remaining contract and patent claims and Roche s claims should be completed by January 30, 2015, and
expert discovery should be completed following the Court s not-yet-issued claim construction ruling concerning the
Company s patent infringement claim against Roche. Roche dropped its tort claims during damages discovery. On April 28,
2015, the Court heard oral argument on claim construction issues. On May 8, 2015, Roche and the Company jointly moved the
Court to extend the schedule for damages discovery until May 29, 2015, and the Court granted that motion.  The parties
are waiting for the Court s ruling on claim construction. The Company and Enzo Life Sciences intend to vigorously press their remaining claims and contest the claims against them. 

In 2012, the Company received a Subpoena Duces Tecum (the  Subpoena )
from the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General ( OIG ). The Subpoena was issued as part
of an investigation being conducted by the US Attorney s Office for the Eastern District of New York in conjunction with
the OIG. While a number of potential issues were raised initially by the government, the investigation came to focus primarily
on an alleged failure to collect diagnosis codes from physicians who ordered tests through Enzo Clinical Labs. The time period
initially covered by the investigation was from 2004 through 2011. In response to the Subpoena, the Company cooperated with the
government. On September 22, 2014, the Company and the U.S. Department of Justice reached a settlement agreement to resolve this
matter, in substantive form as disclosed in the Company s fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2014. During the quarter ended April,
30, 2014, the Company recorded a charge of $2.0 million in the statement of operations under legal settlements, net within the
Clinical Labs segment. The settlement amount will be paid with interest over a five-year period. The final settlement covers the time period 2004-2014. During the three months ended January 31,
2016, the Company accrued an additional $1.5 million, due to the Company s achievement of certain financial milestones. As
of July 31, 2016, the total liability for this settlement is $1.2 million, of which $0.4 million is included in other current liabilities
and $0.8 million included in other liabilities. 

On June 20, 2014, the Company, as plaintiff finalized and
executed a settlement agreement with PerkinElmer, Inc., and PerkinElmer Health Sciences, Inc. (formerly known as PerkinElmer
Life Sciences, Inc.) (together,  PerkinElmer ), with respect to an action between the Company and PerkinElmer
before the U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, Case No 03-CV-3817. PerkinElmer paid $7.0 million in escrow
pursuant to the agreement because of a former attorney s charging lien for fees allegedly owed for past services
rendered to the Company. On December
3, 2015, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with the former attorney pursuant to which the Company and the
former attorney resolved their respective claims against each other. As of July 31, 2016, the Company received a total of
approximately $7.0 million from the escrow referred to above in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement. This
settlement is included in the statement of operations under Legal settlements, net within the Life Science segment. 

On July 2, 2015, the Company as Plaintiff executed a settlement
agreement with Luminex Corporation with respect to an action between the Company and Abbott Laboratories and Abbott Molecular,
Inc. (Defendants) and Luminex Corporation (Intervening Defendant) before the United States District Court for the District of Delaware
for alleged patent infringement. Luminex paid the Company a total of $7.1 million as consideration for this agreement and the dismissal
of the litigation against Luminex.  The case against the Abbott
defendants continues. The parties have not begun summary judgement briefing because the court has not set a briefing
schedule. The court also has not set a trial date. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

On July 20, 2015, the Company as a Plaintiff finalized and executed
a settlement agreement with Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. ( Siemens ) to settle a patent litigation lawsuit before
the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware in the amount of $6.7 million, net. Under terms of the agreement, Siemens
will also pay the Company additional royalties of $1.0 million per annum on sales of its molecular products manufactured and/or
sold in the United States during the its fiscal years 2015 through 2019 if sales of such products exceed a contractual amount.
The net settlement amount was included in other receivables in the consolidated balance sheet as of July 31, 2015 and was received
in August 2015. 

On October 9, 2015, the Company reached and finalized a settlement
with Affymetrix, Inc. in the amount of $6.8 million, net in a patent infringement action brought by the Company. On January 4,
2016, the Company reached and finalized a settlement agreement with Agilent Technologies, Inc. in the amount of $6.1 million, net
in a patent infringement action brought by the Company. Both cases were originally brought by the Company in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware. The settlements are included in the statement of operations under Legal settlements,
net within the Life Science segment. 

On May 16, 2016, the Company reached and finalized a
settlement with Life Technologies Corporation in the amount of $24.3 million, net in an infringement action brought by the
Company regarding its US Patents No. 6,992,180 and 7,064,197. On July 1, 2016, the Company reached and finalized a settlement
with Illumina,  Inc., in the amount of $14.5 million, net in an infringement action brought by the Company regarding US Patent
No. 7,064,197. These cases were originally brought by the Company in the United States District Court for the District of
Delaware. The settlements are included in the statement of operations under Legal settlements, net within the Life Science
segment. 

As of July 31, 2016, there
are six pending cases originally brought by the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging
patent infringements against various companies.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in these litigations.
Even if the Company is not successful, management does not believe that there will be a significant adverse monetary impact on
the Company. 

The Company is party to other claims, legal actions, complaints,
and contractual disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes that any liability that may ultimately
result from the resolution of these matters will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its financial
position or results of operations. 

Note 15 - Segment reporting  

The Company has three reportable segments: Life Sciences, Clinical
Labs and Therapeutics. The Company s Life Sciences segment develops, manufactures, and markets products to research and pharmaceutical
customers. The Clinical Labs segment provides diagnostic services to the health care community. The Company s Therapeutics
segment conducts research and development activities for therapeutic drug candidates. The Company evaluates segment performance
based on segment income (loss) before taxes. Costs excluded from segment income (loss) before taxes and reported as  Other 
consist of corporate general and administrative costs which are not allocable to the three reportable segments. 

Legal fee expense incurred to defend the Company s intellectual
property, which may result in settlements recognized in another segment and other general corporate matters are considered a component
of the Other segment. Legal fee expense specific to other segments  activities have been allocated to those segments. 

Legal settlements, net, represent activities for which royalties
would have been received in the Company s Life Sciences segment and expenses related to an investigation within the Clinical
Labs segment. 

Management of the Company assesses assets on a consolidated
basis only and therefore, assets by reportable segment have not been included in the reportable segments below. The accounting
policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.   
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands
except share data)  

The following financial information represents the operating results
of the reportable segments of the Company: 

Year ended July 31, 2016  

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.   
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands except
share data)  

The following financial information represents the operating results
of the reportable segments of the Company: 

Year ended July 31, 2015  

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.   
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands except
share data)  

The following financial information represents the operating results
of the reportable segments of the Company: 

Year ended July 31, 2014  

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC.   
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 July 31, 2016  

  (Dollars in thousands except
share data)  

Geographic financial information is as follows: 

The Company s reportable segments are determined based on
the services they perform, the products they sell, and the royalties and license fee income they earn, not on the geographic area
in which they operate. The Company s Clinical Labs segment operates 100% in the United States with all revenue derived there.
The Life Sciences segment earns product revenue both in the United States and foreign countries and royalty and license fee income
in the United States. The following is a summary of the Life Sciences segment revenues attributable to customers located in the
United States and foreign countries: 

Note 16 - Summary of Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)  

The following table contains statement of operations information
for each quarter of the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. The Company believes that the following information reflects all normal
recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the information for the periods presented. The operating results for
any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period. 

Unaudited quarterly financial data for fiscal 2016 and 2015 is
summarized as follows: 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC  
 SCHEDULE II  
   VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
   Years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  
 (in thousands)  

(1)  
      Write-off of uncollectible accounts receivable.   

<EX-10.(U)>
 2
 c86264_ex10-u.htm

SETTLEMENT
AND LICENSE AGREEMENT    

This
SETTLEMENT AND LICENSE AGREEMENT (this    Agreement   )
is made and entered into as of the date of the last signature required by this Agreement (the    Effective
Date   ) by and between   Enzo Life Sciences, Inc.,   a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, having offices at 10 Executive Boulevard, Farmingdale,
NY 11735 (   Enzo   ) and   Illumina,
Inc.,   a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, having offices at 5200 Illumina
Way, San Diego, CA 92122 (   Illumina   ).
Enzo and Illumina are individually referred to herein as a    Party  , 
and collectively as the    Parties  .  

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS, Enzo has alleged that Illumina
infringes U.S. Patent No. 7,064,197 (   the
 197 Patent   ) in an action styled   Enzo
Life Sciences, Inc.    v.    Illumina,
Inc.,   No. 1:12-cv-435-LPS, pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (the    Litigation   );
and 

WHEREAS,
Enzo represents and warrants that it is the owner of, with all substantive rights in and to, the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights (as
defined below) and has the exclusive right to license, collect royalties, collect past, present, or future damages, and to enforce
with legal standing, the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights; and 

WHEREAS,
Illumina denies all liability in the Litigation; and 

WHEREAS,
Illumina has alleged that it does not infringe the  197 Patent, and further, that the  197 Patent is invalid and unenforceable;
and 

WHEREAS,
Enzo disputes Illumina s allegations of invalidity, unenforceability, and non-infringement; and 

WHEREAS,
without admitting infringement or liability and in part to avoid the necessity, expense, inconvenience, and uncertainty of additional
or continued litigation, the Parties now desire to settle the Litigation and to provide and receive certain releases, licenses
and covenants not to sue, all on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 

WHEREAS,
this Agreement reflects a settlement and compromise between the Parties under Federal Rule of Evidence 408 with respect to Enzo s
claims and Illumina s defenses in the Litigation, including without limitation on the disputed issues of patent validity,
enforceability, and infringement; 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the above recitals and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained and other good and valuable consideration
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

SECTION
1: DEFINITIONS    

As used
in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Affiliate   
means, with respect to a Party and subject to Sections 2.1 and 2.7, any Person that, on or after the Effective Date, is directly
or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such Party. For purposes of this Agreement,    control   
means the ability to control the direction of the management and operations of the subject Person, whether through ownership, contract
or otherwise. Control will be presumed where a Party has direct or indirect ownership of (or the contractual right to direct the
voting of) 50% or more of the voting shares, equity or other interests of the Person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, the following Persons are not, and cannot be considered, Affiliates of Illumina for the purposes of this Agreement so long
as any patent infringement litigation or royalty obligation existing as of the Effective Date concerning the Licensed Enzo Patent
Rights remains pending between Enzo and that Person (or any Affiliate of that Person): Abbott Laboratories; Abbott Molecular, Inc.;
Becton, Dickinson and Company; Becton, Dickinson Diagnostics, Inc.; Geneohm Sciences, Inc. (now part of Becton Dickinson); Gen-Probe,
Inc. (now part of Hologic, Inc.); Hologic, Inc.; Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); Roche Diagnostics
Corporation (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); Roche Diagnostics Operations Inc. (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); and Roche Nimblegen,
Inc. (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); or any Third Party that is directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with any of the foregoing Persons. 

AmpiProbe
Technology    means nucleic acid amplification detection assays, such as quantitative polymerase chain reaction
(qPCR) assays marketed and sold by Enzo under the tradename AmpiProbe, and nucleic acid probes used therein, in which a first
amplification primer includes a first label/dye/moiety that interacts via FRET (F rster/fluorescence resonance energy transfer)
with a second label/dye/moiety attached to a second amplification primer, or to nucleic acid monomers, upon formation of a nucleic
acid amplification product incorporating the first primer and the second primer, or the first primer and the labeled nucleic acid
monomers. 

Cellular
Analysis Technology    means cell flow cytometry assays, cell microscopy assays and cell-on-microplate assays that
utilize nucleic acid hybridization probes. For the avoidance of doubt, Cellular Analysis Technology does not involve sequencing
of nucleic acids. 

Claims   
means all claims, counterclaims, counter-counterclaims, actions, causes of action, suits, demands, judgments, debts, expenses (including
attorneys  fees and costs), losses, liabilities, and obligations of any kind and of whatever nature or character, worldwide,
whether known or unknown, asserted or unasserted, suspected or unsuspected, matured or unmatured, or whether accrued, actual, contingent,
latent or otherwise, made, asserted, or brought for any purpose, including without limitation for the purpose of recovering any
damages or for the purpose of obtaining equitable relief or any other relief or remedy of any kind. 

Covered
Third Party Products    means (i) any Third Party products and services, product lines, devices, systems, assays,
components, subassemblies, kits, hardware, software, or any combination of the foregoing provided to Illumina or its Affiliates
for the benefit of Illumina or 

its Affiliates
and constituting a component or element of, or that are used in combination with, any Illumina Product, but only to the extent
of such use as incorporated into such Illumina Product, or (ii) any Third Party products and services that include as a component
or element thereof any Illumina Product, but only to the extent that such Third Party products and services include as a component
or element thereof such Illumina Product. 

Illumina
Products    means any past, current and future products and services, product lines, devices, systems, assays, components,
subassemblies, kits, hardware, software, or any combination of the foregoing which are made, used, sold, offered for sale, distributed,
imported, or otherwise commercialized by or for Illumina or its Affiliates, and Natural Evolutions thereof, that, but for the license
granted in this Agreement, infringe (actually or allegedly) a Valid Claim of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights. For the avoidance
of doubt, all accused products, manufactured articles, services, processes, systems, or methods that are the subject of the Litigation
are included in and constitute Illumina Products. 

Licensed
Enzo Patent Rights    means (i) the  197 Patent; (ii) any patents and patent applications
claiming priority to or through, or sharing a common priority claim with the  197 Patent; and (iii) any foreign
counterparts, re-issues, re-examinations, renewals, substitutes, claim amendments made in post-grant proceedings including
IPR and PGR proceedings, extensions, continuations, continuations-in-part, continuing prosecution applications, divisionals,
and national phase filings of any patents and patent applications covered in subparts (i) and (ii), whether any of the
foregoing are filed before, on or after the Effective Date, in all countries of the world. 

Liquid
Phase Nucleic Acid Amplification Detection Technology    means (i) AmpiProbe Technology and (ii) assays that directly
compete (now or in the future) therewith (such as, without limitation, TaqMan, Molecular Beacons, Invader, RealTime PCR, Hybridization
Protection Assay (HPA), or Scorpion technologies), where detection of the targets or analytes of interest occurs in liquid phase
(e.g., where the analyte or target is not attached to or otherwise associated with a solid support). For the avoidance of doubt,
Liquid Phase Nucleic Acid Amplification Detection Technologies do not include sample preparation or library preparation components,
products or services that do not involve liquid phase detection of nucleic acid amplification. 

Natural
Evolutions    means modifications, revisions, additions, enhancements, updates, upgrades, changes or similar alterations
to an original product or service, in which the original product or service retains its essential character or remains identifiable. 

NIPT   
means in vitro cell-free nucleic acid-based non-invasive prenatal testing (including, without limitation, testing by massively
parallel sequencing or digital PCR) of a biological sample (including but not limited to plasma, serum, whole blood, and urine)
obtained from a pregnant woman. 

Person   
means an individual, trust, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association, unincorporated organization,
or other legal entity. 

Related
Persons    means, with respect to any Person, collectively, (a) all directors, officers, managers and employees
of such Person (to the extent acting in in such capacity); (b) all representatives, agents, attorneys and insurers of such Person
(to the extent acting in such capacity); (c) with respect to Illumina or its Affiliates only, (i) all Persons engaged in the design,
manufacture or supply of parts or components for Illumina Products on behalf of Illumina or its Affiliates (to the extent acting
in such capacity), and (ii) all direct or indirect customers, users, dealers, distributors and other purchasers of Illumina Products
from Illumina or its Affiliates (to the extent acting in such capacity); and (d) all predecessors-in-interest of such Person (in
such capacity). 

Third
Party    means any Person or entity other than the Parties to this Agreement and their Affiliates. 

Valid Claim   means
a claim of an issued patent that has not expired or been finally held invalid or unenforceable by a court or administrative body
of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or is taken. 

SECTION
2: LICENSE, RELEASES, AND COVENANTS    

2.1   License  .
Subject to Illumina s timely payment of the Payment under Section 3.1, Enzo hereby grants (and agrees to grant) to Illumina
and its Affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 5),
worldwide license under the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights to, directly or indirectly, make, have made, use, import, export, market,
distribute, sell, offer for sale, and otherwise commercialize the Illumina Products and Covered Third Party Products. For the avoidance
of doubt, payment of the Payment will satisfy any and all past, present, and future obligations potentially owing to Enzo based
upon or arising in connection with commercialization of any Illumina Products or other potential infringement (direct, induced,
indirect, contributory, or otherwise) of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights by or for Illumina and its Affiliates, and no additional
payments will be owed to Enzo or its Affiliates in connection with the license granted in this Section 2.1. 

Illumina
and its Affiliates shall not have the right to sublicense or otherwise grant, in whole or in part, sublicenses under the Licensed
Enzo Patent Rights. The license granted herein shall not extend to cover any products of a Third Party that acquires or is acquired
by Illumina or its Affiliates on or after the Effective Date (whether by merger, consolidation, share acquisition, or acquisition
of all or substantially all assets or otherwise), including without limitation products made, used, imported, exported, distributed,
sold, offered for sale, developed, advertised, and practiced by such Third Party before the date of such acquisition. The license
granted herein shall not include any rights to the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights other than those expressly provided by this section.
No license or immunity is granted under this Agreement by Enzo, either directly or by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, to any
Person acquiring Illumina Products for the modification or combination by such Person of Illumina Products with other items other
than in the ordinary manner in the ordinary course of use of Illumina Products, or as specified in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, or as
otherwise permitted by the law of patent exhaustion. 

2.2   Enzo
Release of Illumina  . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including Illumina s timely payment of the Payment
under Section 3.1, Enzo, on behalf of itself, its Affiliates, and 

their respective
legal successors and assigns (collectively,    Enzo
Releasing Parties   ) hereby releases, acquits and absolutely and forever discharges Illumina and its Affiliates
(collectively,    Illumina Released Persons   )
of and from any and all Claims, whether now known or unknown, related to the alleged infringement of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights.
The Enzo Releasing Parties also release the Illumina Released Persons from any Claim related to the Litigation or the conduct of
settlement negotiations for the Litigation (except for representations or obligations expressly included in this Agreement). The
Enzo Releasing Parties further provide a limited release to Illumina s Related Persons for any Claim, based on conduct occurring
up to the Effective Date, for infringement of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights by Illumina Products or Covered Third Party Products. 

The scope
of this release is fixed as of the Effective Date. Except as expressly set forth herein, this release shall not apply to any Person,
including without limitation any Third Party, or any pre-acquisition business, assets, or products thereof, acquired by Illumina
or its Affiliates (whether by merger, consolidation, share acquisition, or acquisition of all or substantially all assets or otherwise)
after the Effective Date. 

2.3   Limited
Enzo Covenant Not To Sue On Covered Third Party Products  . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including Illumina s
timely payment of the Payment under Section 3.1, Enzo, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, covenants during the term of this
Agreement not to sue Illumina s Related Persons for (i) infringement of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights by an Illumina Product,
or (ii) infringement of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights by a Covered Third Party Product. This covenant not to sue is non-assignable
by Illumina, its Affiliates or any of their respective Related Persons who benefit from this covenant not to sue. 

2.4   Illumina
Release of Enzo  . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Illumina, on behalf of itself, its Affiliates, and their
respective legal successors and assigns (collectively,    Illumina
Releasing Parties   ) hereby releases, acquits and absolutely and forever discharges Enzo and its Affiliates (collectively,
   Enzo Released Persons   )
of and from any and all Claims, whether now known or unknown, related to the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights to the extent occurring
before the Effective Date. The Illumina Releasing Parties also release the Enzo Released Persons from any Claim related to the
Litigation or the conduct of settlement negotiations for the Litigation (except for representations or obligations expressly included
in this Agreement). 

2.5   Covenant
Not to Challenge  . After the Effective Date and for so long as Illumina s license is in force, Illumina further
covenants on behalf of itself and its Affiliates that, except as (i) required by law or (ii) in defense of an action for infringing
the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights brought against Illumina, its Affiliates or their respective Related Persons (direct or indirect)
involving any Illumina Products or Covered Third Party Products, neither Illumina nor its Affiliates shall knowingly and voluntarily
contest (or assist in the contest) in any forum, including Federal Courts, whether under 28 U.S.C.    2201-2202 or not,
the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and/or the International Trade Commission, that the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights
are valid and enforceable; provided, however, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Illumina or its Affiliates from complying
with or responding to any court or governmental order or subpoena relating to the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement will preclude Illumina and its Affiliates from making 

any disclosure,
providing information or producing documents as required by law, court order or legal process (including, without limitation, litigation
related to discovery and/or subpoena), even if made in connection with a Claim challenging the validity or enforceability of one
or more of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights, and any such disclosure will not be considered a breach of this Agreement. It is understood
that Illumina s and its Affiliates  providing factual statements regarding Illumina Products or any Covered Third Party
Products in response to a validly propounded subpoena will not be considered as assisting in the context as used above. Illumina
reserves the right to raise any and all defenses and counterclaims, including, but not limited to, invalidity and unenforceability
of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights, and to otherwise contest the validity and enforceability of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights
in any forum, that it could have raised in the Litigation, if the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights are asserted based on Illumina Products
or Covered Third Party Products against Illumina, its Affiliates, Related Persons and partners after the Effective Date; and Enzo
reserves the right to raise any and all claims and defenses in opposition. 

2.6   Limited
Standstill  . Subject to the terms and conditions in this Section 2.6 and Section 2.7, for a period of four (4) years
after the Effective Date of this Agreement or until the termination of this Agreement under Section 4.2, whichever is earlier (   Standstill
Period   ), a Party shall not (either by itself or through an Affiliate or Third Party) initiate, file, encourage,
direct, fund or otherwise bring or participate in any claim alleging infringement (direct, indirect, induced, contributory or otherwise),
misuse or any other violation of any patents against the other Party or its Affiliates by any Standstill Covered Products (the
   Standstill   ).    Standstill
Covered Products    are (i) any products or services first made, used, sold, offered for sale, imported or otherwise
commercialized by that Party or its Affiliates on or before the Effective Date, including, without limitation, with respect to
Illumina, the Illumina Products, (ii) any products or services made or sold by such Party or its Affiliates that such Party or
its Affiliates officially announced at an industry conference or other public forum before the Effective Date as part of such Party s
or its Affiliates  forthcoming product or service offerings, and (iii) any Natural Evolutions of a product or service covered
by (i) or (ii). 

In addition,
as part of the Standstill, and subject to the terms and conditions in this Section 2.6 and Section 2.7, during the Standstill Period,
a Party shall not (either by itself or through an Affiliate or Third Party) initiate, file, encourage, direct, fund or otherwise
bring or participate in any claim alleging infringement of any patents against any customer (direct or indirect) of the other Party
or its Affiliates by (i) any commercial products or commercial services first made or sold by that Party or its Affiliates on or
before the Effective Date, or (ii) any commercial products or commercial services made or sold by that Party that such Party or
its Affiliates officially announced at an industry conference or other public forum before the Effective Date as part of such Party s
or its Affiliates  forthcoming product or service offerings , or (iii) any Natural Evolutions of a product or service covered
by (i) or (ii) (collectively,    Customer
Standstill Products   ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Customer Standstill Products do not include,
and expressly exclude, stand-alone Third Party products that infringe a Party s patents independent of any incorporation
in or use with the other Party s commercial products or commercial services covered by (i) or (ii) above. For clarity, customers
are protected from claims of infringement under the Standstill only with respect to such customers  use or resale of Customer
Standstill Products, either alone or as a component or element of such 

customer s
products or services, but in the latter case only to the extent that any claim of infringement regarding such customer s
products and/or services is based on the Customer Standstill Product(s) incorporated in such customer s products or services. 

The Standstill
shall not apply to and expressly excludes intellectual property rights that claim or cover NIPT and (i) claim priority to a patent
or patent application that, as of the Effective Date, is owned or controlled by Illumina or any of its Affiliates that are existing
and qualify as Affiliates as of the Effective Date or (ii) are subject to the Pooled Patents Agreement between Illumina and Sequenom,
Inc. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Illumina (either by itself or through an Affiliate) initiates, files, directs
or otherwise brings any claim against Enzo, Enzo s Affiliates that are existing and qualify as Affiliates as of the Effective
Date, or their respective customers (direct or indirect) with respect to the Standstill Covered Products, alleging infringement
(direct, indirect, induced, contributory or otherwise), misuse or any other violation of any intellectual property rights claiming
or covering NIPT, the Parties agree that this will end the Standstill Period with respect to intellectual property rights claiming
or covering NIPT. 

The Standstill
shall not apply to and expressly excludes any intellectual property rights that claim or cover (i) Liquid Phase Nucleic Acid Amplification
Detection Technologies, or (ii) Cellular Analysis Technologies. For the avoidance of doubt, all Illumina accused products, manufactured
articles, services, processes, systems, or methods that were the subject of the Litigation, and all other products, services, systems,
assays, components, subassemblies, kits, hardware, software, or combinations of the foregoing made or sold by Illumina or its Affiliates
on or before the Effective Date and used in Illumina s sequencing or array workflows (excluding stand-alone Third Party products
that infringe Enzo patents independent of any incorporation in or use with Customer Standstill Products), are included within the
scope of the Standstill and, for purposes of this Agreement, are by definition not Liquid Phase Nucleic Acid Amplification Detection
Technologies or Cellular Analysis Technologies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Enzo (either by itself or through an
Affiliate) initiates, files, directs or otherwise brings any claim against either Illumina, Illumina s Affiliates that are
existing and qualify as Affiliates as of the Effective Date with respect to the Standstill Covered Products, or their respective
customers (direct or indirect) with respect to the Customer Standstill Products, alleging infringement (direct, indirect, induced,
contributory or otherwise), misuse or any other violation of any intellectual property rights claiming or covering either (i) Liquid
Phase Nucleic Acid Amplification Detection Technologies or (ii) Cellular Analysis Technologies, the Parties agree that this will
end the Standstill Period with respect to intellectual property rights claiming or covering either (i) Liquid Phase Nucleic Acid
Amplification Detection Technologies or (ii) Cellular Analysis Technologies. 

Each Party
hereby expressly waives and agrees to waive damages for any claims of infringement of intellectual property rights included in
the Standstill through the expiration of the Standstill Period. Each Party shall be entitled to seek damages for any claims of
infringement based on conduct occurring after the expiration of the Standstill Period, even if such conduct is identical in nature
to conduct that occurred before the expiration of the Standstill Period. 

The foregoing
provisions of this Section 2.6 are personal to the Parties and their respective Affiliates (but, as to Affiliates, only personal
to any such Affiliates that are existing and qualify 

as Affiliates
of a Party as of the Effective Date), are non-assignable (including through acquisition), and do not apply to any other Person.
Further, these provisions shall not prevent either Party from engaging in discussions with the other Party or any other Person
regarding the licensing of its patents or from enforcing its patents against any Person other than a Party, its Affiliates, and/or
their respective customers as expressly set forth in this Section 2.6. 

If either
Party violates this Standstill, the other Party shall be free to immediately end the Standstill Period. If a complaint for patent
infringement based on conduct occurring after the expiration of the Standstill Period is filed after expiration of the Standstill
Period, no Party may rely on the Standstill Period as a basis for any claim, counterclaim, or defense, including without limitation
an assertion of laches. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Party still may assert any claim, counterclaim, or defense available,
including without limitation an assertion of laches, to the extent it does not specifically rely on the Standstill Period as a
basis. 

Except with
respect to Customer Standstill Products, for purposes of this Agreement, none of the following Persons (nor their Affiliates and/or
successors) shall be deemed subject to the Standstill set forth in this section for so long as any patent infringement litigation
or royalty obligation existing as of the Effective Date remains pending between Enzo and that Person (or any Affiliate of that
Person): Abbott Laboratories; Abbott Molecular, Inc.; Becton, Dickinson and Company; Becton, Dickinson Diagnostics, Inc.; Geneohm
Sciences, Inc. (now part of Becton Dickinson); Gen-Probe, Inc. (now part of Hologic, Inc.); Hologic, Inc.; Roche Molecular Systems,
Inc. (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); Roche Diagnostics Corporation (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); Roche Diagnostics Operations
Inc. (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); and Roche Nimblegen, Inc. (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); or any Third Party that is directly
or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with any of the foregoing Person. 

2.7   Acquisitions  .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, the licenses, releases, covenants, and Standstill set forth above shall exclude
any pre-acquisition products (and Natural Evolutions thereof following the date of the acquisition) of another Person that acquires
or is acquired by (whether by merger, consolidation, share acquisition, acquisition of all or substantially all assets or otherwise)
a Party (or any other Person that is directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Party)
on or after the Effective Date. The Standstill set forth above shall not apply to any action or lawsuit in which the acquired Person
is a party and that is pending as of the date of the public announcement of the acquisition of the acquired Person. 

2.8   Modifications
and Combinations In Manner Other Than Ordinary Course  . No license or immunity is granted under this Agreement by Enzo,
either directly or by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, to any Person acquiring Illumina Products for the modification or combination
by such Person of Illumina Products with other items other than (i) in the ordinary and intended manner in the ordinary course
of use of Illumina Products, (ii) as specified by Sections 2.2 and 2.3, or (iii) as otherwise permitted by the law of patent exhaustion. 

2.9   No
Extinguishment Of Other Outstanding Royalty Obligations  . For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall
operate to extinguish the obligation of any Person to pay 

royalties
to Enzo or Illumina arising from an obligation outside of this Agreement (including via contract, operation of law, judicial ruling,
or otherwise). 

2.10   No
Other Rights  . No rights or covenants are granted under any patents except as expressly provided herein, whether by implication,
estoppel or otherwise. Except as expressly provided herein, no right to grant covenants, rights, sublicenses, or to become a foundry
for Third Parties is granted under this Agreement. The Parties agree that, except as expressly set forth herein for Covered Third
Party Products and Customer Standstill Products, the licenses, releases and covenants set forth in this Agreement (including Section
2) expressly exclude any methods, systems, products, services and/or components of any Third Party. The Parties further agree that,
except as expressly provided herein for Covered Third Party Products and Customer Standstill Products, this Agreement does not
cut off Enzo s rights to enjoin, control or extract royalties with respect to such Third Party s methods, systems,
products, services and/or components. 

SECTION
3: MONETARY CONSIDERATION    

3.1   Payment  .
As partial consideration and total compensation for the release, license, covenant and Limited Standstill under this Agreement
and the dismissal by Enzo of the Litigation hereunder, Illumina agrees to pay to Enzo a one-time total payment of twenty-one million
U.S. Dollars ($21,000,000.00) (   Payment   ),
payable by Illumina to Enzo no later than seven (7) business days following the Effective Date of this Agreement in lawful money
of the United States, in immediately available funds, by wire transfer to the following account: 

Bank: Citibank,
N.A. 

 Bank Address:
666 5 th  Avenue, New York, NY 10103 

Routing
No.: 021000089 

 Int l
Wires: (Swift) CITIUS33 

 Account
Name: Desmarais LLP IOLA 

 Account
No.: 9981486845 

3.2   Taxes
/ Costs  . Each Party acknowledges that this Agreement may have U.S. federal and state tax (collectively,   Tax  )
or other consequences, and that the Party is not relying on any other Party for advice, representations or communications as to
any potential Tax or other consequences. This Agreement is enforceable regardless of its Tax or other consequences. The Parties
agree that they shall bear their own costs and attorneys  fees relating to or arising from the Litigation and to the documentation
and negotiation of this Agreement. Enzo is solely responsible for its own Tax liability, if any, resulting from this Agreement. 

3.3   Dismissal  .
Within three (3) court days after the Payment of the consideration to Enzo under this Section 3 has cleared, the Parties shall
cause their respective counsel to execute and file the stipulated motion in the form set forth in    Exhibit
A    dismissing with prejudice all of Enzo s Claims against Illumina in the Litigation. The Parties shall promptly
proceed with any and all additional procedures needed to dismiss the Litigation as set forth above, with each Party to bear its
own costs and attorneys  fees. The Parties also agree to submit to the court appropriate stipulations and proposed orders
for extensions of time for all due dates in the Litigation so that 

neither
Party is required to incur unnecessary expenses in the Litigation between the Effective Date and the date the Litigation is dismissed.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is enforceable according to its terms with respect to final dismissal with
prejudice of all Claims in the Litigation. 

3.4   No
Admission of Liability  . This Agreement is the result of a compromise and settlement for the purpose of avoiding the
expense, inconvenience, and uncertainty of additional or continued litigation, and will not at any time be considered as an admission
of liability or responsibility, or lack thereof, on the part of Enzo or Illumina. By entering into this Agreement, neither Illumina
nor any of its Affiliates is conceding that it acted wrongfully in any fashion whatsoever. Except as expressly set forth in Section
3.1, Illumina and its Affiliates expressly deny that they are liable to Enzo in any way. 

3.5   Total
Compensation / Full Settlement  . The Parties agree that this Agreement is in full and complete settlement of the rights
and obligations of the Parties in connection with the Litigation. This Agreement may be pleaded as a defense to any action, suit
or claim and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any such action, suit, claim, or other proceeding of any type which
may be prosecuted, initiated or attempted in violation of the terms hereof. A prevailing Party is entitled to recover from the
other adverse Party its reasonable attorneys  fees and other related legal expenses incurred in defending against any suit,
action or claim brought or attempted by the other Party in violation of the terms of this Agreement. 

3.6   Maintenance
Fees and Annuities  . Enzo, at its expense, shall pay all maintenance fees and/or annuities for all issued patents within
the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights (that are not currently expired) and shall otherwise maintain all such issued patents. 

SECTION
4: TERM AND TERMINATION    

4.1   Term  .
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration of the enforceability
period of the last to expire patents within the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights, unless earlier terminated as set forth in Section
4.2 below. 

4.2   Termination  .
If Illumina fails to make the Payment set forth in Section 3.1 in the time frame required by Section 3.1, then Enzo may terminate
this Agreement immediately upon further written notice to that effect and the license, releases, and covenants granted by Section
2 of this Agreement shall immediately terminate, be deemed null and void   ab
initio  , and be of no force and effect. The licenses, covenants, and releases set forth in this Agreement are effective
as of the Effective Date and may only be terminated if Illumina fails to make the timely Payment as set forth in Section 3.1 above.
The Limited Standstill set forth in Section 2.6 is effective as of the Effective Date and may only be terminated (i) if Illumina
fails to make the timely Payment as set forth in Section 3.1 above, or (ii) as set forth in Section 2.6. 

SECTION
5: ASSIGNMENT    

5.1   Assignment  .
Except as otherwise permitted in this Section, Illumina may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any license
or rights hereunder without the 

prior written
consent of Enzo. The limitations on assignment set forth in this Section 5 do not apply to an internal reorganization of a Party
or its Affiliates (e.g., re-incorporation or the like). Any other purported assignment, delegation, or transfer without the prior
written consent of Enzo will be null and void   ab
initio   and without effect. Except as expressly provided for in Sections 2.3 and 2.6, nothing herein expressed or implied
will give or be construed to give any Third Party any legal or equitable rights hereunder. 

5.2  Permitted Assignment by Illumina .
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.1, Illumina may assign its rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without
Enzo s prior written or oral consent, to a Person with whom Illumina is merged or consolidated, or who acquires all or substantially
all of Illumina s array or sequencing product lines subject to the Litigation; provided however, that (i) any such assignment
of rights will not extend to products or services of such Person that pre-existed the acquisition (or to Natural Evolutions thereof
following the date of acquisition); and (ii) any such assignment of rights shall not relieve such Person from any obligations
that such Person may have under this Agreement or to Enzo outside of this Agreement. Any assignment or other transfer by Illumina,
or any of its Affiliates, of any rights under this Agreement to any other Person shall be subject in writing to this Agreement
and a written acknowledgment and agreement that the assignee or other transferee shall be bound by such releases and other rights
and covenants. In the event that Illumina does not continue to exist as a distinct operating entity (such as a wholly-owned subsidiary)
after the transaction, the rights of Illumina hereunder so assigned only extend to Illumina Products and Covered Third Party Products
existing as of the date of the transaction and Natural Evolutions of Illumina Products and Covered Third Party Products created
after the date of the transaction, and will not otherwise extend to any products, services, or activities of the Person prior
to, on or after the date of the transaction. The releases and covenants provided by Illumina and its Affiliates to Enzo and its
Affiliates under this Agreement shall run with the rights being assigned or transferred by Illumina and its Affiliates pursuant
to this Section 5.2 and shall be binding on any permitted successors-in-interest, transferees, or assigns thereof. For avoidance
of doubt, any such assignment of rights will not extend to any Third Party products or services existing prior to the time of
transaction or Natural Evolutions thereof. Any purported assignment, delegation, or transfer under this Section 5.2 that does
not comply with the foregoing will be null and void   ab
initio   and without effect. 

5.3  Further Restriction on Assignment
by Illumina : Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 5.1 and 5.2, in no event may this Agreement, including the license,
covenants, and rights granted hereunder, be assigned, delegated, or otherwise transferred without Enzo s prior written consent
to any of the following: Abbott Laboratories; Abbot Molecular, Inc.; Becton, Dickinson and Company; Becton, Dickinson Diagnostics,
Inc.; Geneohm Sciences, Inc. (now part of Becton Dickinson); Gen-Probe, Inc. (now part of Hologic, Inc.); Hologic, Inc.; Roche
Molecular Systems, Inc. (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); Roche Diagnostics Corporation (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); Roche Diagnostics
Operations Inc. (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); and Roche Nimblegen, Inc. (part of Hoffmann-La Roche AG); or any of the respective
Affiliates of any of the foregoing (each a   Restricted Entity  ), so long as any patent infringement litigation
(instituted as of the Effective Date) remains pending between Enzo and the respective aforementioned Restricted Entities. For
the avoidance of doubt, a Restricted Entity s acquisition of Illumina by stock purchase, reverse triangular merger, or similar
transaction does not 

constitute
an assignment of the Agreement by Illumina where Illumina (or its successor entity) continues to exist as a distinct operating
entity (for example, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Restricted Entity) after the date of the acquisition, and the licenses,
covenants, and releases granted herein shall extend only to Illumina Products and Covered Third Party Products existing as of the
date of the acquisition (and Natural Evolutions thereof) and will not otherwise extend to any products, services, or activities
of the acquiring Restricted Entity prior to, on or after the date of the acquisition. 

5.4  Permitted Assignment by Enzo .
All releases, licenses and other rights and covenants contained herein shall run with and burden the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights
and other intellectual property described in Section 2.6, as it applies to the releases, license and other rights and covenants
contained in Sections 2.1 through 2.6, inclusive, and shall also be binding on any successors-in-interest or assigns thereof.
Any assignment or other transfer of any of the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights to any other Person shall be subject in writing to
this Agreement and a written acknowledgment and agreement that the assignee or other transferee shall be bound by such releases,
licenses and other rights and covenants. Any purported assignment, delegation, or transfer under this Section 5.4 that does not
comply with the foregoing will be null and void   ab
initio   and without effect. 

SECTION
6: MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS    

6.1 Representations: 

6.1.1  Representations by Enzo :
Enzo hereby represents and warrants that: (i) as of the Effective Date, Enzo and/or its Affiliates own the Licensed Enzo Patent
Rights, with all substantive rights in and to same, including the exclusive right to grant the license, collect royalties, collect
past, present and future damages, grant the releases and covenants with respect to the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights set forth herein,
and enforce those rights with legal standing; (ii) as of the Effective Date, it has not assigned or otherwise transferred to any
other Person any rights to the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights that would prevent Enzo from conveying the rights, releases and covenants
set forth herein; (iii) there are no liens or other encumbrances on the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights that would prevent Enzo from
entering into this Agreement; (iv) Enzo s execution of this Agreement and the performance of Enzo s obligations hereunder
will not violate any agreement, whether oral or written, to which Enzo or its Affiliates is a party; (v) neither Enzo nor any
of its Affiliates has granted, nor will grant, any licenses or other rights, under the Licensed Enzo Patent Rights, that would
conflict with or prevent the rights granted to Illumina and its Affiliates; and (vi) the person executing this Agreement on behalf
of Enzo has the full right and authority to enter into this Agreement on Enzo s behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
any of Enzo s patents are found invalid, this shall not cause a breach of the foregoing representation regarding Enzo or
its Affiliates  right to grant the license, release, or other rights provided herein. 

6.1.2  Illumina Representations :
Illumina represents and warrants that: (i) as of the Effective Date, Illumina has the right to grant the releases and covenants
set forth herein; and 

(ii) the
person executing this Agreement on behalf of Illumina has the full right and authority to enter into this Agreement on Illumina s
behalf. 

6.1.3  Disclaimer
of Representation . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as (i) a representation or warranty by Enzo as to the scope,
validity, or enforceability of any patent; and (ii) a representation or warranty that the manufacture, use, or sale of any products
will not utilize or infringe any intellectual property rights. 

6.2  Confidentiality . From and after
the Effective Date, neither Party nor its Affiliates shall disclose the existence or terms of this Agreement except: 

6.2.1 with
the prior written consent of the other Party; 

6.2.2 to
any governmental body having jurisdiction and specifically requiring such disclosure, but only to the extent that such disclosure
is so required; 

6.2.3 in
response to a valid document request or subpoena or as otherwise may be required by law, legal process or order of a court, provided
a protective order is in place that limits disclosure of such information to counsel only and the disclosing Party provides the
other Party with written notice at least ten (10) business days prior to disclosure to permit the other Party the opportunity to
object and/or to seek a court-entered protective order or comparable court-ordered restriction, and shall reasonably cooperate
with the other Party in its efforts to obtain that protective order and take all other reasonable actions in an effort to minimize
the nature and extent of such disclosure and obtain confidential treatment to the extent available; 

6.2.4 for
the purposes of disclosure in connection with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and any other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (expressly including, but not limited to, Form
8K disclosures), or any other filings, reports or disclosures that may be required under applicable laws or regulations, but only
to the extent that such disclosure is required under said applicable laws or regulations; 

6.2.5 to
a Party s accountants, legal counsel, tax advisors and other financial and legal advisors and other professional advisors
in their capacity of advising the Party in such matters, subject to obligations of confidentiality and/or privilege at least as
stringent as those contained herein; 

6.2.6 with
obligations of confidentiality at least as stringent as those contained herein, to a counterparty in connection with a proposed
merger, acquisition, financing or similar transaction; 

6.2.7 in
connection with tax audits or to fulfill its corporate financial reporting obligations under GAAP; 

6.2.8 with
obligations of confidentiality at least as stringent as those contained herein, by any Party and its Affiliates as required to
enforce this Agreement or establish rights hereunder; 

6.2.9 to
officers, key shareholders and/or employees with a need to know, attorneys, accountants and directors, who are under obligations
of confidentiality (which may include professional responsibility obligations) at least as stringent as those contained herein; 

6.2.10 to
its Affiliates, who are similarly bound by this Agreement or under obligations of confidentiality at least as stringent as those
contained herein; and 

6.2.11 to
Third Parties who make, sell, offer to sell, export, import, distribute or otherwise commercialize any Illumina Product or who
make, sell, offer to sell, export, import, distribute or otherwise commercialize any Covered Third Party Product or Customer Standstill
Product, and who have a need to know, but only to the extent of such need to know and only under obligations of confidentiality
at least as stringent as those contained herein. 

Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, a Party may also disclose to anyone any information that is publicly available
through no breach by that Party or its Affiliates of the confidentiality obligations hereunder. 

6.3  Notices . All notices required
or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, or, if dispatched by prepaid air courier,
with package tracing capabilities or by registered or certified airmail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 

If
to Enzo:   

Dr. Elazar
Rabbani 

 Enzo Life
Sciences, Inc. 

 527 Madison
Avenue 

 New York,
NY 10022 

Copy to
(which does not constitute notice): 

Michael
Stadnick 

 Desmarais
LLP 

 230 Park
Avenue 

 New York,
NY 10169 

If
to Illumina:   

Illumina,
Inc. 

 5200 Illumina
Way 

 San Diego,
California 92122 

 Attn: General
Counsel 

Copy to
(which does not constitute notice): 

Craig Countryman 

 Fish  
Richardson P.C. 

 12390 El
Camino Real 

 San Diego,
California 92130 

Such notices
shall be deemed to have been served when received by addressee. Either Party may give written notice of a change of address and,
after notice of such change has been received, any notice or request shall thereafter be given to such Party as above provided
at such changed address. 

6.4  Publicity . Neither Party will
issue a press release or any other public announcement regarding this Agreement or the settlement of the Litigation unless the
other Party provides prior consent in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing and Section 6.2 above, upon inquiry either Party
may state that Enzo and Illumina have entered into a settlement agreement. 

6.5  Governing Law / Jurisdiction .
This Agreement and matters connected with the performance thereof shall be construed, interpreted, applied and governed in all
respects in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and the State of Delaware, without reference to conflict
of laws principles. Enzo and Illumina agree (a) that all disputes and litigation regarding this Agreement, its construction and
matters connected with its performance be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the District
of Delaware (the   Court  ), and (b) to submit any disputes, matters of interpretation, or enforcement actions
arising with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement exclusively to the Court. The Parties hereby waive any challenge
to the jurisdiction or venue of the Court over these matters. 

6.6  Sophisticated Parties Represented
by Counsel . Each Party warrants and represents that (i) it is a sophisticated party represented at all relevant times during
the negotiation and execution of this Agreement by counsel of its choice, and that it has executed this Agreement with the consent
and on the advice of such independent legal counsel; (ii) it and its counsel have determined through independent investigation
and robust, arm s-length negotiation that the terms of this Agreement shall exclusively embody and govern the subject matter
of this Agreement, (iii) it investigated the facts pertinent to this Agreement as it deemed necessary, (iv) no other Person or
Party, nor any agent or attorney of a Party, made any promise, representation or warranty whatsoever, express or implied, not
contained in this Agreement concerning the subject matter of this Agreement to induce it to execute this Agreement, (v) it has
not executed this Agreement in reliance on any promise, representation or warranty whatsoever, express or implied, not contained
in this Agreement concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, and (vi) it has not executed this Agreement in reliance on
any promise, representation or warranty not contained herein. The Parties included this paragraph to preclude any claim that any
Party was fraudulently induced to execute this Agreement and to preclude the introduction of parol evidence to vary, interpret,
supplement or contradict the terms of this Agreement. 

6.7  Bankruptcy . The Parties acknowledge
and agree that all releases, rights, covenants and licenses granted by Enzo under or pursuant to this Agreement, including the
Limited Standstill in 

Section 2.6, are, and will otherwise be
deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended (the   Bankruptcy Code  ),
rights of and to  intellectual property  as defined under Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Parties agree that,
notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, Illumina and its Affiliates, as the licensee or recipients of such intellectual
property rights under this Agreement, will retain and may fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy
Code (including, without limitation, Illumina and its Affiliates  right to the continued enjoyment of the rights and licenses
granted by Enzo under this Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall be deemed and treated as an executory
contract under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code and is subject to the restrictions on assumption and assignment in Section 365(c).
Further, this provision shall not alleviate or contravene the restrictions on assignments and acquisitions set forth in this Agreement. 

6.8  No
Laundering . The Parties understand and acknowledge that the licenses, releases, and covenants granted to Illumina and its Affiliates
by Enzo hereunder are intended to cover only the bona fide products and services of Illumina, its Affiliates and their respective
Related Persons and are not intended to cover patent laundering activities (i.e., activities that are undertaken solely for the
purpose of improperly extending licensed and other rights to cover any activity of any Third Party acting outside the scope of
Illumina s, its Affiliates , or their respective Related Persons , licensed and otherwise covered activities).
The Parties further agree that a purchase of a product from a supplier and resale of such product in substantially the same form
back to the same supplier is not licensed under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to license sham sales
or sham service contracts executed by Illumina or any of its Affiliates with any Third Party solely for the purpose of improperly
extending licensed rights to cover any activity of any Third Party acting outside the scope of Illumina s (or its Affiliates )
licensed or otherwise covered activities. 

6.9  Severability .
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be limited or eliminated
to the minimum extent necessary so that the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect and be enforceable.
The Parties agree to negotiate in good faith an enforceable substitute provision for any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision
that most nearly achieves the intent of such provision. 

6.10  Entire
Agreement . The Parties hereby agree that (i) this is an enforceable agreement; (ii) this Agreement constitutes the entire
and only understanding of each of them with respect to the subject matter of the Agreement, and merges, supersedes and cancels
all previous agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter of the Agreement; (iii)
no oral explanation or oral information by any Party hereto shall alter the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement; (iv) the
terms and conditions of this Agreement may be altered, modified, changed or amended only by a written agreement that identifies
itself as an amendment to this Agreement and is executed by duly authorized representatives of each of them; (v) the language of
this Agreement has been approved by counsel for each of them, and shall be construed as a whole according to its fair meaning;
and (vi) none of the them (nor their respective counsel) shall be deemed to be the draftsman of this Agreement in any action which
may hereafter arise with respect to the Agreement. 

6.11  Modification;
Waiver . No modification or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights, will be effective unless assented to
in writing by the Party to be charged, and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right
hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 

6.12  Construction;
Language . Any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party will not be
applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the words  include  and
 including  and variations thereof, will not be deemed to be terms of limitation, but rather will be deemed to be followed
by the words  without limitation.  The terms  will  and  shall  are used synonymously. The
headings in this Agreement will not be referred to in connection with the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. This
Agreement is in the English language only, which language shall be controlling in all respects, and all notices under this Agreement
shall be in the English language. 

6.13  Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts or duplicate originals, both of which shall be regarded as one and the same instrument,
and which shall be the official and governing version in the interpretation of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed by
facsimile signatures or other electronic means and such signatures shall be deemed to bind each Party as if they were original
signatures. 

6.14  Further
Assurances . Each Party shall execute, acknowledge and deliver such further documents and instruments and perform such other
acts as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be signed below by their respective duly authorized officers. 

Enzo Life Sciences, Inc. 

By:  
      /s/
    Dr. Elazar Rabbani  

Name:    
      Dr. Elazar Rabbani  

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer  

Date:  
      July 1, 2016  

Illumina,
Inc.  

By:  
      /s/
    Francis deSouza  

Name:    
      Francis deSouza  

Title:  
      President  

Date:  
     6/29/16 

EXHIBIT
A   

STIPULATED
MOTION FOR DISMISSAL OF LITIGATION    

UNITED
STATES DISTRICT COURT 
OF DELAWARE   

ENZO LIFE SCIENCES, INC.  
      )  
      CASE NO. CV 12-CV-435-LPS   

)  
       JOINT STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL  
WITH PREJUDICE    
 
      Plaintiff,  
      )   
 
      vs.  
      )   
 
      )  
       The Hon. Leonard Stark    
 
      ILLUMINA, INC.  
      )  
       Chief United States District Court Judge    

)  

Defendant.  
      )  

)  

Pursuant
to Rule 41(a)(1)(A)(ii) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Plaintiff, Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., and Defendant, Illumina,
Inc., by and through their respective counsel, hereby stipulate to the dismissal with prejudice of all claims in this action. Each
party shall bear its own attorneys  fees and costs. 

</EX-10.(U)>

<EX-21>
 3
 c86264_ex21.htm

EXHIBIT 21 

  List of subsidiaries of the
Company  

 Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., a New York Corporation 

 Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., a New York Corporation 

Enzo Life Sciences (ELS) AG, in Lausen, Switzerland,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enzo Life Sciences, Inc. 

Enzo Therapeutics, Inc., a New York Corporation 

 Enzo Realty, LLC, a New York Corporation 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 c86264_ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

We hereby consent to the incorporation by
reference in the Registration Statements of Enzo Biochem, Inc. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) on Form S-8 (File Nos.
333-87153, 333-89308, 333-123712, 333-172127, and 333-197028) and on Form S-3 (File No. 333-213440) (pending) of our reports dated
October 13, 2016 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules as of July 31, 2016 and
2015 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 31, 2016, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016, which reports are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

New York, New York 

 October 13, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.(A)>
 5
 c86264_ex31-a.htm

EXHIBIT 31 (a) 

CERTIFICATIONS  

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. ( the Company ) for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof, I, Elazar Rabbani, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350,
as adopted pursuant to   302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit
committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Elazar Rabbani, Ph.D.   

Elazar Rabbani, Ph.D.   

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director   

</EX-31.(A)>

<EX-31.(B)>
 6
 c86264_ex31-b.htm

EXHIBIT
31 (b) 

CERTIFICATIONS  

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. ( the Company ) for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof, I, Barry Weiner, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s
fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit
committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Barry Weiner   

Barry Weiner   

President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Director   

</EX-31.(B)>

<EX-32.(A)>
 7
 c86264_ex32-a.htm

EXHIBIT
32 (a) 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Enzo Biochem, Inc.,
and Subsidiaries ( the Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Elazar Rabbani, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated: October 13, 2016  

By:   
      /s/ Elazar Rabbani, Ph.D.   

Elazar Rabbani, Ph.D.   

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by
the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Act Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.(A)>

<EX-32.(B)>
 8
 c86264_ex32-b.htm

EXHIBIT
32 (b) 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Enzo Biochem, Inc.,
and Subsidiaries ( the Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Barry Weiner, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: October 13, 2016  
       
      By:  
      /s/ Barry Weiner   

Barry Weiner   

President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Director   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by
the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Act Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.(B)>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 enz-20160731.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 enz-20160731.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 enz-20160731_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 enz-20160731_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 enz-20160731_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 enz-20160731_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

