<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1529804_0001477932-16-013523_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>980193</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>57162</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>83073</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>191955</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>308438</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>301254</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013523.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114214011
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013523
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aroga Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001529804
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				452858005
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54498
		FILM NUMBER:		161997641

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		310 HOPKINS STREET
		CITY:			WHITBY
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L1N 2B9
		BUSINESS PHONE:		905-668-8886

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		310 HOPKINS STREET
		CITY:			WHITBY
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L1N 2B9

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KMRB Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110913

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013523.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 aroga_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   aroga_10q.htm      
 
         UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-Q        x  QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016   or   o  TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT     For the transition period from __________ to __________.     Commission file number  000-54498                Aroga Holding Corp.         (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter)                   Florida           45-2858005        (State or jurisdiction of    Incorporation or organization           (I.R.S Employer Identification No.)                   310 Hopkins Street, Whitby, ON, Canada        L1N 2B9        (Address of principal executive offices)        (Zip Code)             Registrant s telephone number, including area code   905-668-8886      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  x  Yes         No     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  x  Yes         No     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer   smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.             Large accelerated filer         Accelerated filer           Non-accelerated filer           Smaller reporting company     x       (Do not check if a smaller company)              Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes  x  No    .      The number of shares of the issuer s common stock, par value $.001 per share, outstanding as of November 10, 2016 was 75,000,000.      

TABLE OF CONTENTS     AROGA HOLDING CORP.                           Page              Part I. Financial Information                                Item 1.     Condensed Financial Statements.              3                                          Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (audited).              3                                          Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (unaudited).              4                                          Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (unaudited).              5                                          Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Deficit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and year ended December 31, 2015 (audited).              6                                          Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited).              7                                       Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.              13          Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk              16          Item 4.      Controls and Procedures.              16                                         Part II. Other Information.                                     Item 1.      Legal Proceedings.              18          Item 1A.     Risk Factors              18          Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.              18          Item 3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities.              18          Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures.              18          Item 5.      Other Information.              18          Item 6.      Exhibits.              18                                        Signatures              19                     Part I. Financial Information           Item 1. Financial Statements.        Aroga Holding Corp.     CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS               See notes to unaudited condensed financial statements.               All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                     3       
      Table of Contents           AROGA HOLDING CORP.     CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS     (Unaudited)              See notes to unaudited condensed financial statements.               All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                      4       
      Table of Contents           AROGA HOLDING CORP.     CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     (Unaudited)                         For the Nine Months Ended    September 30,                       2016                2015            Cash flows from operating activities:                                    Net loss        $  (12,493  )       $  (1,600  )     Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:                                              Accounts payable             7,409                 (7,847  )                                                    Net cash used in operating activities             (5,084  )            (9,447  )                                                    Cash flows from financing activities:                                              Proceeds from advances payable, related parties             5,084                 9,447                                                         Net cash provided by financing activities             5,084                 9,447                                                         Net change in cash and cash equivalents             -                 -                                                         Cash and cash equivalents:                                              Beginning of period             -                 -                                                         End of period        $  -            $  -                                                         Supplemental cash flow information and noncash financing activities:                                              Cash paid during the period for:                                              Income taxes        $  -            $  -          Interest        $  -            $  -                                                         Non-cash transactions:        $  -            $  -               See notes to unaudited condensed financial statements.               All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                       5       
      Table of Contents           Aroga Holding Corp.     Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Deficit     For the Nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and Year Ended December 31, 2015 (Audited)              See notes to unaudited condensed financial statements.               All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                       6       
      Table of Contents           Aroga Holding Corp.    Notes to Condensed Unaudited Financial Statements       NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS      Aroga Holding Corp., (f/k/a KMRB ACQUISITION CORP.) ( AROGA  or the  Company ) was incorporated in Florida on August 4, 2011, with an objective to acquire, or merge with, an operating business. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not yet commenced principal operations.       NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANICAL STATEMENTS      The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.      In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring entries necessary for a fair statement of the periods presented for: (a) the financial position; (b) the result of operations; and (c) cash flows, have been made in order to make the financial statements presented not misleading. The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operations for a full year.       BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND USE OF ESTIMATES      The Company prepares its financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"), which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS      The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $-0- and $-0-, respectively.      CASH FLOWS REPORTING      The Company follows ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period.              All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                     7       
      Table of Contents           Aroga Holding Corp.   Notes to Condensed Unaudited Financial Statements       FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS      The Company s balance sheet includes certain financial instruments, including accounts payable and notes payable. The carrying amounts of current liabilities approximate their fair value because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization.      ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:                  Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities                    Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.                    Level 3 - Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.          Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2016. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments.       DEFERRED INCOME TAXES AND VALUATION ALLOWANCE      The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC 740  Income Taxes.  Under the asset and liability method of FASB ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under FASB ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. No deferred tax assets or liabilities were recognized as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      RELATED PARTIES      The Company follows ASC 850,  Related Party Disclosures,  for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Related party transactions for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 totaled $22,382 and $17,298, respectively consisting of advances payable.              All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                     8       
      Table of Contents           Aroga Holding Corp.   Notes to Condensed Unaudited Financial Statements       SHARE-BASED EXPENSE        ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation , prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).      The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50,  Equity   Based Payments to Non-Employees.  Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.      Share-based expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.      NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE      Net income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share.  The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period is used to compute basic earning or loss per share. Diluted earnings or loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares and diluted potential common shares outstanding. Dilutive potential common shares are additional common shares assumed to be exercised.     Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no dilutive potential common shares.      COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      The Company follows ASC 450-20, Loss Contingencies, to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. There were no known commitments or contingencies as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS      In August 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-15  Preparation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  Under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), continuation of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity s liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting. If and when an entity s liquidation becomes imminent, financial statements should be prepared under the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with Subtopic 205-30,  Presentation of Financial Statements Liquidation Basis of Accounting . Even when an entity s liquidation is not imminent, there may be conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. In those situations, financial statements should continue to be prepared under the going concern basis of accounting, but the amendments in this Update should be followed to determine whether to disclose information about the relevant conditions and events. The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU, however, at the current period, management does not believe that it has met conditions which would subject these financial statements for additional disclosure.              All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                     9       
      Table of Contents           Aroga Holding Corp.   Notes to Condensed Unaudited Financial Statements      Except for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards, the  FASB Accounting Standards Codification   ( ASC ) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes any effect will not have a material impact on the Company's present or future financial statements.     Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.      NOTE 3. GOING CONCERN      For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company had a net loss of $12,493. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a working capital deficit of $29,924. The company has not generated any revenues to date.     The Company s financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations.     In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan to obtain such resources for the Company include, obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.     There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition, profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.      NOTE 4. INCOME TAXES      At September 30, 2016, the Company had a net operating loss carry forward for Federal income tax purposes of $31,424 that may be offset against future taxable income through 2035. No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards in the accompanying financial statements because the Company believes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets of approximately $10,680, calculated at an effective tax rate of 34%, was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are fully offset by the valuation allowance of $10,680.     Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realizability.               All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                Aroga Holding Corp.   Notes to Condensed Unaudited Financial Statements       NOTE 5. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY       COMMON STOCK      The Company has been authorized to issue 900,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value. Each share of issued and outstanding common stock shall entitle the holder thereof to fully participate in all shareholder meetings, to cast one vote on each matter with respect to which shareholders have the right to vote, and to share ratably in all dividends and other distributions declared and paid with respect to common stock, as well as in the net assets of the corporation upon liquidation or dissolution. On August 4, 2011, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares of common stock, at $.0005, for $1,500.     On June 22, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a forward stock split of twenty-five for one (25:1) of the Company's total issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the  Stock Split ) Pursuant to the Company's Bylaws and the Florida Corporate Statutes, a vote by the Board of Directors is required to effect the Stock Split. As of the record date of June 22, 2016 the Company had 3,000,000 voting shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Post stock split the Company now has 75,000,000 shares of common stock      PREFERRED STOCK      The Company has been authorized to issue 750,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is expressly vested with the authority to divide any or all of the Preferred Stock into series and to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of the shares of each series so established, within certain guidelines established in the Articles of Incorporation. There have been no preferred shares issued.      WARRANTS AND OPTIONS       There are no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares of common stock of the Company.      NOTE 6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS      In support of the Company s efforts and cash requirements, it is relying on advances from its shareholders and related parties until such time that the Company can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing. There is no formal written commitment for continued support by shareholders. As of September 30, 2016, there has been $22,382 advanced from these related parties. The amounts are not documented by formalized demand notes and currently carries no repayment terms and are non-interest bearing. Management will review these arrangements, in future period, to determine if terms are required to be formalized to reflect the economic relationship. The balance due to the related party at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $22,382 and $17,298, respectively.     The Company does not own or lease property or lease office space. The Company has been provided office space by a member of the Board of Directors at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in its financial statements.     The above amount is not necessarily indicative of the amount that would have been incurred had a comparable transaction been entered into with independent parties.               All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                Aroga Holding Corp.   Notes to Condensed Unaudited Financial Statements       NOTE 7 NOTES PAYABLE   RELATED PARTY      Notes payable consisted of the following:            NOTE 8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      From time to time the Company may be a party to litigation matters involving claims against the Company. Management believes that there are no current matters that would have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.      NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS      Subsequent events have been evaluated through the date of the financial statements were issued, considered to be the date of filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Management has determined that there are no subsequent events to disclose.              All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operations        Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements.      This quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aroga Holding Corp., (f/k/a KMRB ACQUISITION CORP.) ( AROGA  or the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. To the extent that such statements are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward-looking statements which, by definition, involve risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements under the Sections; Description of Business, Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation contain forward-looking statements. Where, in any forward-looking statement, the Company expresses an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished.     We were organized as a vehicle to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and is working towards the identification of business acquisitions for 2017. The Company has not entered into a letter of intent concerning any target business at this time. The business purpose of the Company is to seek the acquisition of, or merger with, an existing company. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business.     We do not currently engage in any business activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be paid with money in our treasury or with additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. As it is to the advantage of all current shareholders to advance our search for acquisition targets all shareholders will, through their personal networking, make known the objective of the company to potential prospective acquisition targets. Management, furthermore, will make known the availability of the company s public status to business brokers and consultants that are focused on mergers and acquisitions.     During the next 12 months we anticipate incurring costs related to:            (i)  Filing of Exchange Act reports, and               (ii)  Consummating an acquisition         The manner in which the Company participates in an opportunity will depend upon the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs and desires of the Company and the promoters of the opportunity, and the relative negotiating strength of the Company and such promoters.     It is likely that the Company will acquire its participation in a business opportunity through the issuance of common stock or other securities of the Company. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted, it should be noted that in certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called  tax free  reorganization under Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ) depends upon whether the owners of the acquired business own 80% or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were structured to take advantage of these provisions rather than other  tax free  provisions provided under the Code, all prior stockholders would in such circumstances retain 20% or less of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity.     In addition, depending upon the transaction, the Company s current stockholders may be substantially diluted to less than 20% of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity and possibly even eliminated as stockholders by an acquisition. Current shareholders will seek to either maintain an equity interest in the surviving company or a cash payment in exchange for outstanding shares, or a combination thereof.             All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                The present stockholders of the Company will likely not have control of a majority of the voting securities of the Company following a reorganization transaction. As part of such a transaction, all, or a majority of, the Company s sole director may resign and one or more new directors may be appointed without any vote by stockholders.     In the case of an acquisition, the transaction may be accomplished upon the sole determination of management without any vote or approval by stockholders. In the case of a statutory merger or consolidation directly involving the Company, it will likely be necessary to call a stockholders  meeting and obtain the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding securities. The necessity to obtain such stockholder approval may result in delay and additional expense in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to certain appraisal rights to dissenting stockholders. Most likely, management will seek to structure any such transaction so as not to require stockholder approval.     It is anticipated that the investigation of specific business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to participate in a specific business opportunity, the costs theretofore incurred in the related investigation might not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity, the failure to consummate that transaction may result in the loss to the Company of the related costs incurred.     We presently have no employees apart from our management. Our sole officer and director is engaged in outside business activities and anticipates that they will devote to our business very limited time (estimated at five hours per week) until the acquisition of a successful business opportunity has been identified. We expect no significant changes in the number of our employees other than such changes, if any, incident to a business combination.       Critical Accounting Policies       We prepare our condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and apply judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be important at the time the condensed financial statements are prepared. Due to the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. On a regular basis, we review our critical accounting policies and how they are applied in the preparation of our condensed financial statements.      While we believe that the historical experience, current trends and other factors considered support the preparation of our condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP, actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material.     For a full description of our critical accounting policies, please refer to Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K              All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                  Results of Operations for three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015         Revenues       Total Revenue.  Total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $-0- and $-0-, respectively.      Operating Expenses       Total Operating Expenses.  Total operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $3,217 and $600, respectively. Total operating expenses consisted of professional fees of $3,217 and $600, respectively.        Results of Operations for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015         Revenues       Total Revenue.  Total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $-0- and $-0-, respectively.      Operating Expenses       Total Operating Expenses.  Total operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $12,493 and $1,600, respectively. Total operating expenses consisted of professional fees of $12,493 and $1,600, respectively.       Financial Condition      No material change in financial condition.      Liquidity and Capital Resources      The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.      The Company sustained a loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $12,493 and $1,600, respectively. Because of the absence of positive cash flows from operations, the Company will require additional funding for continuing the development and marketing of products. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.     We are presently not able to meet our obligations as they come due. At September 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of $29,924. Our working capital deficit is due to the results of operations. Our majority shareholders have provided the financial resources to fund our operations; however, there are no commitments for future funding.     Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $(5,084) and $(9,447), respectively. Net cash used in operating activities includes our net income (loss) and accounts payable.              All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted               We anticipate that our future liquidity requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations, pay current obligations and future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding for such requirements are expected to be cash generated from operations and raising additional funds from the private sources and/or debt financing. However, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations and/or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us, if at all, to remain a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability. Our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise capital to continue to expand our operations. Although we are not presently engaged in any capital raising activities, we anticipate that we may engage in one or more private offering of our company s securities after the completion of this offering. We would most likely rely upon the transaction exemptions from registration provided by Regulation D, Rule 506 or conduct another private offering under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. See  Note 3   Going Concern  in our financial statements for additional information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a  going concern.      We have no known demands or commitments and are not aware of any events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to materially increase or decrease our current liquidity.     We are not aware of any trends or known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in material increases or decreases in liquidity.      Capital Resources.      We had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016.       Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       We have made no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       We are a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.       Item 4. Controls and Procedures .        (a) Management s Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.       The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.     With respect to the period ending September 30, 2016, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.              All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                Based upon our evaluation regarding the period ending September 30, 2016, the Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the Company s limited internal resources and lack of ability to have multiple levels of transaction review. Material weaknesses noted are lack of an audit committee, lack of a majority of outside directors on the board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and management is dominated by one individual, without adequate compensating controls. Through the use of external consultants and the review process, management believes that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct.     The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. However, the Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.       (b) Changes in Internal Controls.       There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period ended   September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting.     For a full discussion of controls and procedures refer to Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10K.             All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                  Part II. Other Information         Item 1. Legal Proceedings.       None.       Item 1A. Risk Factors       We are a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       During the period ending September 30, 2016, the Company did not issue any unregistered shares of its common stock.       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None.       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable.       Item 5. Other Information.       None.        Item 6. Exhibits                     All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                 SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                 AROGA HOLDING CORP.                     Date: November 14, 2016   By:   /s/ Grove Bennett                 Grove Bennett             Principal Executive Officer                      Date: November 14, 2016    By:     /s/ Rakesh Malhotra                      Rakesh Malhotra                     Principal Financial and Accounting                       All references to common shares and per common share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the twenty five-for-one  forward stock split which was effective June 22, 2016, unless otherwise noted                   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 aroga_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   aroga_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1       CERTIFICATIONS      I, Grove Bennett, certify that;              1.     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aroga Holding Corp.;            2.     Based on my knowledge, this report, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report;            3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;            4.     The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                   a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                b)     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                d)     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                 5.     The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                   a)     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                b)     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.                    Date: November 14, 2016     By:     /s/ Grove Bennett             Grove Bennett            Principal Executive Officer             

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 aroga_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   aroga_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2       CERTIFICATIONS      I, Rakesh Malhotra, certify that;              1.     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aroga Holding Corp.;            2.     Based on my knowledge, this report, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report;            3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;            4.     The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                   a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                b)     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                d)     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                 5.     The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                   a)     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                b)     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.                    Date: November 14, 2016     By:     /s/ Rakesh Malhotra             Rakesh Malhotra            Principal Financial Officer             

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 aroga_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   aroga_ex32.htm      EXHIBIT 32       CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350      In connection with the quarterly report of Aroga Holding Corp., (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report") Grove Bennett, the Principal Executive Officer of the Company and Rakesh Malhotra, the Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:                (1)     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                (2)     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the company.                    Date: November 14, 2016     By:     /s/ Grove Bennett              Grove Bennett            Principal Executive Officer                   Date: November 14, 2016     By:     /s/ Rakesh Malhotra              Rakesh Malhotra            Principal Financial Officer             

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 aroga-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aroga-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 aroga-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aroga-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aroga-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aroga-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

