<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161213_10-Q_edgar_data_1653882_0001617819-16-000162_2.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>736809</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>51677</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>56292</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>184263</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>193810</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>214728</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>2</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001617819-16-000162.hdr.sgml : 20161213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161213130322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001617819-16-000162
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KMRB Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653882
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				474904695
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55518
		FILM NUMBER:		162048365

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8200 SEMINOLE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SEMINOLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33772
		BUSINESS PHONE:		260-490-9990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8200 SEMINOLE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SEMINOLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33772

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001617819-16-000162.txt : 20161213

10-Q
 1
 kmrbii10q_20160531.htm
 FORM 10-Q

United States 

United States  
  Securities and Exchange Commission  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
  Form 10-Q  
   
 [X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)  
 OF THE  
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended  May 31, 2016  
 or 
 [  ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
   
 For the transition period from __________ to __________. 
   
 Commission file number  000-55518  
   
  Milost Acquisitions Corp.  
  f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II  
  (Name of small business issuer in its charter)  
  Florida  
  (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
  47-4904695  
  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  
   
  8200 Seminole Blvd, Seminole, Florida 33772  
  (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)  
   
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code   :  (727) 322-5111  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   
 (    ) Yes ( X ) No 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  (_ X _) Yes (       )  No 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
   
 Large accelerated filer (__)    Accelerated filer (__)     Non-accelerated filer (__)   Smaller reporting company (  x ) (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes (_ X _) No (    ).  
   
 The number of shares of the issuer s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding as of November 30, 2016, was 3,000,000.     

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  
    
   Part   I.  Fi  nancial I  nfo  rmation. 
   3 

Item 1.  Condensed Unaudited Financial Statements. 
   3 

Condensed Balanc  e S  h  eets for the periods ending   May 31, 2016   and August 31, 2015 (audited). 
     
 3 

. 
   Condensed Statements of O  perations for the three and nine months ended May 31, 2016 
     
 4 

Condensed Statements of C  ash Flows for the nine months ended May 31, 2016. 
     
 5 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 
   6 

Item 2.  M  anage  ment s   D  i  scu  ssion a  nd A  na  ly    sis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
   11 
  
   Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitati  ve Discl  osures About Market Risk. 
   15 
  
   Item 4.  Contr  o  l  s and Procedures. 
     15 

Part II.  Oth    er   Info  rmation  .   
     15 

Item 1.  Lega  l P  r    o  c  eedings. 
   15 
  
   Item 1A.  Risk Factors. 
   16 
  
   Item 2.  Unregistered S  ale  s of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
   16 
  
   Item 3.  Defa  ults U  pon Senior Securities. 
   16 
  
    Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosure. 
   16 
  
   Item 5.  Oth  e  r Information. 
     16 
  
   Item 6  .  E  xhibits  .    
       17 
  
   Sign  atures  .   
         18 

2 

Part I.  Financial Information      
  Item 1.  Financial Statements  

3 

4 

Milost Acquisitions Corp.  
  f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II  
  
    Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  
  
    (Unaudited)  
  
                   For the Nine Months Ended  
  
                   May 31,  
  
                   2016  
         2015  

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:   

Net loss 
   $  
   (2,088) 
   $  
   --- 
  
        Adjustment to reconcile Net Loss to net 
                      
        cash provided by operations: 
                      
        Changes in assets and liabilities: 
                      
        Accounts payable 
        1,000 
        --- 
  
         Net Cash Used in Operating Activities  
        (1,088) 
        --- 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  
        (1,088) 
        --- 

Cash and cash equivalents  
                      
         Beginning of period  
        1,200 
        --- 
  
         End of period  
   $  
   112 
   $  
   --- 

Supplemental cash flow information  
                      
         Cash paid for interest  
   $  
   --- 
   $  
   --- 
  
         Cash paid for taxes  
   $  
   --- 
   $  
   --- 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

5 
   
  Milost Acquisitions Corp.  
  f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II       
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  
  For the period ending May 31, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1  
    NATURE OF ORGANIZATION  
 Milost Acquisitions Corp. f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II (the  Company ) is a for profit corporation established under the corporation laws in the State of Florida, United States of America on August 17, 2015.  
   
 Since inception the Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts to establishing a new business. While operations have not commenced, the Company has generated expenses and no revenue from the limited efforts.   
   
 The Company s activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties including failure to secure additional funding to properly execute the company s business plan. 
   
  NOTE 2   GOING CONCERN  
   
 The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.  The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and allow it to continue as a going concern.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable.  If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced, to cease operations. 
   
 In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources.  Management s plan to obtain such resources for the Company include, obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses.  However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. 
   
 There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.  In addition, profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations.  However, there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
  NOTE 3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
   
  UNAUDITED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  The interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements included in the Form 10 as of August 31, 2015 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2015. 
   
 In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring entries necessary for a fair statement of the periods presented for: (a) the financial position; (b) the result of operations; and (c) cash flows, have been made in order to make the financial statements presented not misleading.  The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operations for a full year. 

6 
   
  Milost Acquisitions Corp.  
  f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II       
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  
  For the period ending May 31, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  

BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND USE OF ESTIMATES  
 The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ), which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
  FISCAL YEAR END  
 The Company elected August 31 as its fiscal year ending date. 
   
  CASH FLOWS REPORTING  
 The Company follows ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. 
   
  RELATED PARTIES  
 The Company follows ASC 850,  Related Party Disclosures,  for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.   
   
  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
 The Company s balance sheet includes certain financial instruments, including cash and accounts payable. The carrying amounts of current assets and current liabilities approximate their fair value because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization.  
   
 ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:  

Level 1 
   Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. 
  
   Level 2 
   Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 
  
   Level 3 
   Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 

7 
   
  Milost Acquisitions Corp.  
  f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II       
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  
  For the period ending May 31, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  

Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of May 31, 2016. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments.  
   
  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents.  Cash and cash equivalents totaled $112 at May 31, 2016 and $1,200 at August 31, 2015. 
   
  REVENUE RECOGNITION  
 The Company will recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification No. 605,  Revenue Recognition  ( ASC-605 ), ASC-605 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management's judgments regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products or services delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company will defer any revenue for which the products or services have not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that the Company and the customer jointly determine that the products or services have been delivered or no refund will be required.  
   
  DEFERRED INCOME TAXES AND VALUATION ALLOWANCE  
 The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740,  Income Taxes .  Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs.  A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations.  No deferred tax assets or liabilities were recognized as of May 31, 2016. 
   
  NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE  
 Net income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share.   The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period is used to compute basic earning or loss per share.  Diluted earnings or loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares and diluted potential common shares outstanding.  Dilutive potential common shares are additional common shares assumed to be exercised. 
   
 Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at May 31, 2016 
   
  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
 The Company follows ASC 450-20, Loss Contingencies, to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. There were no known commitments or contingencies as of May 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015. 
   
  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date.  We believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial statements. 

8 
   
  Milost Acquisitions Corp.  
  f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II       
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  
  For the period ending May 31, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  

ASU Update 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606) issued May 28, 2014 by FASB and IASB converged guidance on recognizing revenue in contracts with customers on an effective date after December 31, 2017 will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly. 
   
 ASU Update 2014-15  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern  (Sub Topic 205-40) issued August 27, 2014 by FASB defines management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is a substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern.  The additional disclosure required is effective after December 31, 2016 and will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly. 
   
  NOTE 4   ACCOUNTS PAYABLE  
   
 At May 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, accounts payable was $1,125 and $125, respectively.  
   
  NOTE 5   EQUITY  
   
  PREFERRED STOCK  
 The Company has been authorized to issue 750,000,000 shares of $.0001 par value Preferred Stock.  The Board of Directors is expressly vested with the authority to divide any or all of the Preferred Stock into series and to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of the shares of each series so established, within certain guidelines established in the Articles of Incorporation.   
   
 Series A:  The certificate of designation for the Series  A  Convertible Preferred Stock provides that as a class it possesses, a number of votes equal to ten (10) votes per share and may be converted into ten (10) $0.0001 par value common shares.   
   
 No preferred stock has been issued as of May 31, 2016.  
   
  COMMON STOCK  
 The Company has been authorized to issue 900,000,000 shares of common stock, $.0001 par value.  Each share of issued and outstanding common stock shall entitle the holder thereof to fully participate in all shareholder meetings, to cast one vote on each matter with respect to which shareholders have the right to vote, and to share ratably in all dividends and other distributions declared and paid with respect to common stock, as well as in the net assets of the corporation upon liquidation or dissolution.  
   
 The Company has issued 3,000,000 shares of common stock on August 27, 2015. 1,000,000 shares of common stock were issued to the Company s sole office and director and 2,000,000 shares were issued to unrelated investors. 
   
 At May 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, there are 3,000,000 and 3,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 
   
  OPTIONS AND WARRANTS  
 There are no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares of common stock of the Company as of May 31, 2016. 
   
  NOTE 6   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION  
   
 In August 2015, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company s sole office and director 

9 
   
  Milost Acquisitions Corp.  
  f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II       
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  
  For the period ending May 31, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  

The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property. The sole officer and officer of the Company provides office space and services free of charge. The Company's sole officer and director is involved in other business activities and may in the future, become involved in other business opportunities as they become available. 
   
  NOTE 7   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    
   
 On November 30, 2016, the following amendments to the Articles of Incorporation were approved by the Florida Department of State, Division of Corporations. 
   
 1. 
 The Company amended its Series  A  Preferred Stock designation.  The certificate of designation for the Series  A  Preferred Stock provides that as a class it possesses, no conversions rights and a number of votes equal to four times the sum of: i) the total number of shares of Common Stock which are issued and outstanding at the time of voting, plus ii) the total number of shares of Series B Preferred Stocks which are issued and outstanding at the time of Voting. 
   
 The Company has not designated or issued any Series B Preferred Stock. 
   
 2. 
 Changed the Company address to 48 Wall Street, The Bank of New York Building, New York, NY 10005. 
   
 The amendments to the Articles of Incorporation were approved by the Florida Department of State, Division of Corporations on November 30, 2016. 
   
  EQUITY  
 On November 15, 2016, the Company issued 1 share of Series A Preferred Stock to its sole officer and Director, Brian Kistler, for control. 
   
 On November 16, 2016 shareholders of Milost Acquisitions Corp. f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Milos Advisors LLC to sell three million shares (3,000,000) of the outstanding common stock and one share of its issued and outstanding series A preferred stock.  The effective date of the Stock Purchase Agreement is December 1, 2016. 
   
 On December 2, 2016, the following amendment to the Articles of Incorporation were approved by the Florida Department of State, Division of Corporations. 
   
 1. 
 The Company changed its name to Milost Acquisitions Corp. 

10 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
   
  Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements.  
   
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Milost Acquisitions Corp. f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II ( Milost ) for the period ended May 31, 2016 contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby.  To the extent that such statements are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward-looking statements which, by definition, involve risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements under the Sections: Description of Business, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward-looking statements. Where, in any forward-looking statement, the Company expresses an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. 
   
 The following are factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated, and include but are not limited to: general economic, financial and business conditions; changes in and compliance with governmental regulations; changes in tax laws; and the costs and effects of legal proceedings. 
   
 You should not rely on forward-looking statements in this quarterly report. This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We use words such as  anticipates,   believes,   plans,   expects,   future,   intends,  and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks faced by Milost Acquisitions Corp. f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II Financial information provided in this Form 10-Q, for periods subsequent to August 31, 2015, is preliminary and remains subject to audit.  As such, this information is not final or complete, and remains subject to change, possibly materially.  
   
       Business Development.   
   
 We were organized as a vehicle to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation.  Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings.  The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and has made no efforts to identify a possible business combination.  As a result, the Company has not conducted negotiations or entered into a letter of intent concerning any target business.  The business purpose of the Company is to seek the acquisition of or merger with, and existing company.  We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. 
   
  We do not currently engage in any business activities that provide cash flow.  The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be paid with money in our treasury or with additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. As it is to the advantage of all current shareholders to advance our search for acquisition targets all shareholders will, through their personal networking, make known the objective of the company to potential prospective acquisition targets. Management, furthermore, will make known the availability of the company s public status to business brokers and consultants that are focused on mergers and acquisitions. 
   
 During the next 12 months we anticipate incurring costs related to: 
   
 (i) 
 Filing of Exchange Act reports, and 
   
 (ii) 
 Consummating an acquisition 

11 

We anticipate that our cost for filing Exchange Act reports for the next 12 months will be approximately $2,500. We anticipate that we also should be able to consummate a business combination for approximately $2,500.  We believe we will be able to meet these costs through use of funds in our treasury and additional amounts, as necessary to be loaned by our invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors.  
   
 We are in the development stage and have negative working capital, negative stockholders  equity and have not earned any revenues from operations to date.  These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We are currently devoting our efforts to locating merger candidates.  Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate and complete a merger with another company, ultimately, achieve profitable operations. 
   
 We may consider a business which has recently commenced operations, in a developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital.  In the alternative, a business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant expense, and loss of voting control which may occur in a public offering. 
   
 Our sole officer and director has not had any preliminary contact or discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a business combination with us.  Any target business that is selected may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings.  In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies.  In addition, we may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 
   
   Plan Of Operation   
     
 Milost is in the process of investigating potential business ventures which, in the opinion of management, will provide a source of eventual profit to the Company.  Such involvement may take many forms, including the acquisition of an existing business or the acquisition of assets to establish subsidiary businesses.  Mr. Kistler does not expect to remain involved as management of any acquired business. 
   
 Milost possesses limited funds and will be extremely limited in its attempts to locate potential business situations for investigation.  The Company has commenced the process of investigating possible merger and acquisition candidates, and believes that the Company s status as a publicly-held corporation will enhance its ability to locate such potential business ventures.  No assurance can be given as to when Mr. Kistler may locate suitable business opportunities and such opportunities may be difficult to locate; however, Mr. Kistler intends to actively search for potential business ventures for the foreseeable future. 
   
 Business opportunities, if any arise, are expected to become available to Milost principally from the personal contacts of Mr. Kistler.  While it is not expected that the Company will engage professional firms specializing in business acquisitions or reorganizations, such firms may be retained if funds become available in the future, and if deemed advisable.  Opportunities may thus become available from professional advisors, securities broker-dealers, venture capitalists, members of the financial community, and other sources of unsolicited proposals.  Mr. Kistler is unable to predict at this time the cost of locating a suitable business opportunity. 
   
 The analysis of business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of Mr. Kistler.  Among the factors which he will consider in analyzing potential business opportunities are the available technical, financial and managerial resources; working capital and financial requirements; the history of operation, if any; future prospects; the nature of present and anticipated competition; potential for further research, developments or exploration; growth and expansion potential; the perceived public recognition or acceptance of products or services; name identification, and other relevant factors. 

12 

It is not possible at present to predict the exact manner in which the Company may participate in a business opportunity.  Specific business opportunities will be reviewed and, based upon such review, the appropriate legal structure or method of participation will be decided upon by management.  Such structures and methods may include, without limitation, leases, purchase and sale agreements, licenses, joint ventures; and may involve merger, consolidation or reorganization.  The Company may act directly or indirectly through an interest in a partnership, corporation or reorganization.  However, it is most likely that any acquisition of a business venture the Company would make would be by conducting a reorganization involving the issuance of Milost s   restricted securities.  Such a reorganization may involve a merger (or combination pursuant to state corporate statutes, where one of the entities dissolves or is absorbed by the other), or it may occur as a consolidation, where a new entity is formed and Milost and such other entity combine assets in the new entity.  Reorganization may also occur, directly or indirectly, through subsidiaries, and there is no assurance that the Company would be the surviving entity.  Any such reorganization could result in loss of control of a majority of the shares.  Mr. Kistler or other members of management, if any, at the time of reorganization may be required to resign in connection with reorganization.  Substantial dilution of percentage equity ownership may result to the stockholders.  The Company may choose to enter into a venture involving the acquisition of or merger with a company which does not need substantial additional capital but desires to establish a public trading market of its securities.  Such a company may desire to consolidate its operations with the Company through a merger, reorganization, asset acquisition, or other combination, in order to avoid possible adverse consequences of undertaking its own public offering.  Such consequences might include expense, time delays or loss of voting control.  In the event of such a merger, the Company may be required to issue significant additional shares, and it may be anticipated that control over the Company s affairs may be transferred to others. 
   
 As part of his investigation of acquisition possibilities, Mr. Kistler may meet with executive officers of the business and its personnel; inspect its facilities; obtain independent analysis or verification of the information provided, and conduct other reasonable measures, to the extent permitted by the Company s limited resources and Mr. Kistler s limited expertise.  Generally, Mr. Kistler intends to analyze and make a determination based upon all available information without reliance upon any single factor as controlling. 
   
 It may be anticipated that the investigation of specific business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention, and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others.  Should a decision thereafter be made not to participate in a specific business opportunity, it is likely that costs already expended would not be recoverable.  It is likely, in the event a transaction should eventually fail to be consummated, for any reason, that the costs incurred by the Company would not be recoverable.  Mr. Kistler is entitled to reimbursement for all expenses incurred in his investigation of possible business ventures on behalf of the Company, and no assurance can be given that if the Company has available funds they will not be depleted by such expenses. 
   
 Mr. Kistler believes the best chance to obtain value for the stockholder is to seek a merger or acquisition with an existing business.  At this time, Mr. Kistler has not been able to locate any potential mergers or acquisitions. 
   
 The Company is not able to determine the time or resources that will be necessary to locate and acquire or merge with a business prospect.  There is no assurance that the Company will be able to acquire an interest in any such prospects, products or opportunities that may exist or that any activity of the Company, regardless of the completion of any transaction, will be profitable. 
   
 If and when Mr. Kistler locates a business opportunity, he will give consideration to the dollar amount of that entity's profitable operations and the adequacy of its working capital in determining the terms and conditions under which the Company would consummate such an acquisition.  Potential business opportunities, no matter which form they may take, will most likely result in substantial dilution for the Company s stockholders due to the issuance of stock to acquire such an opportunity. 
   
   Results of Operations for the three months ended May 31, 2016.    
   
   Revenues.   
   
 The Company has no revenues. 

13 

Expenses.   
   
  Total Expenses.   Total expenses for the three months ended May 31, 2016 were $33.  Total expenses included general and administrative of $33.    
   
   Results of Operations for the nine months ended May 31, 2016.    
   
   Revenues.   
   
 The Company has no revenues. 
   
   Expenses.   
   
  Total Expenses.   Total expenses for the nine months ended May 31, 2016 were $2,088.  Total expenses included professional fees of $2,000 and general and administrative of $88.    
   
   Financial Condition.   
   
  Total Assets.   Total assets at May 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 were $112 and $1,200, respectively.  Total assets consist of cash of $112 and $1,200, respectively.   
   
  Total Liabilities.   Total liabilities at May 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 were $1,125 and $125, respectively.  Total liabilities consist entirely to accounts payable. 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources.   
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.   
   
 The Company sustained a loss for the nine months ended May 31, 2016 of $2,088.  In addition, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $2,213 at May 31, 2016. Because of the absence of positive cash flows from operations, the Company will require additional funding for continuing the development and marketing of products. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
   
 We are presently unable to meet our obligations as they come due.  At May 31, 2016 we had a working capital deficit of $1,013.  Our working capital deficit is a result of operations.  
   
 Net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended May 31, 2016 was ($1,088).  Net cash used in operating activities is our net loss adjusted by an increase in accounts payable.  Cash for operating activities was provided by operating activities.  
   
 We anticipate that our future liquidity requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations, pay current obligations and future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding for such requirements are expected to be cash generated from operations and raising additional funds from the private sources and/or debt financing.  However, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations and/or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us, if at all, to remain a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability.  Our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise capital to continue to expand our operations and to seek merger candidates and/or acquisitions. Although we are not presently engaged in any capital raising activities, we anticipate that we may engage in one or more private offering of our company s securities.  We would most likely rely upon the transaction exemptions from registration provided by Regulation D, Rule 506 or conduct another private offering under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933.  See  Note 2   Going Concern  in our financial statements for additional information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a  going concern.  

14 

We have no known demands or commitments and are not aware of any events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to materially increase or decrease our current liquidity. 
   
 We are not aware of any trends or known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in material increases or decreases in liquidity. 
   
 We had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of May 31, 2016. 
   
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.   
   
 We have made no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
   
 We are a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
   
    Item 4. Controls and Procedures . 
   
   Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.   
   
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
   
 With respect to the period ending May 31, 2016, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   
   
 Based upon our evaluation regarding the period ending May 31, 2016, the Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the Company s limited internal resources and lack of ability to have multiple levels of transaction review.  Material weaknesses noted are lack of an audit committee, lack of a majority of outside directors on the board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and management is dominated by two individuals, without adequate compensating controls. Through the use of external consultants and the review process, management believes that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct. 
   
   Changes in internal control over financial reporting   
   
 We have not made any significant changes to our internal controls subsequent to the Evaluation Date.  We have not identified any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses or other factors that could significantly affect these controls, and therefore, no corrective action was taken. 
   
      Part II.  Other Information  
   
    Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  
   
 None. 

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
   
 We are a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
   
    Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
   
 None 
   
    Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
   
 None. 
   
    Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure  
   
 Not applicable. 
   
    Item 5. Other Information.  
   
 None 

16 

Item 6. Exhibits  

Exhibit Number and Description  
    Location Reference  

(a) 
   Financial Statements 
   Filed herewith 

(b) 
   Exhibits required by Item 601, Regulation SB; 

(3.0) 
   Articles of Incorporation 

(3.1) 
   Certificate of Incorporation files with Form 10 Registration Statement on September 29, 2015 
   See Exhibit Key 

(3.2) 
   By-Laws 
   See Exhibit Key 

(31.1) 
   Certificate of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   Filed herewith 

(32.1) 
   Certificate of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   Filed herewith 

(101.INS) 
   XBRL Instance Document 
   Filed herewith 
  
   (101.SCH) 
   XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Schema Document 
   Filed herewith 
  
   (101.CAL) 
   XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Calculation Linkbase Document 
   Filed herewith 
  
   (101.DEF) 
   XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Definition Linkbase Document 
   Filed herewith 
  
   (101.LAB) 
   XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Label Linkbase Document 
   Filed herewith 
  
   (101.PRE) 
   XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Presentation Linkbase Document 
   Filed herewith 

Exhibit Key   

3.1 
   Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 29, 2015. 
  
   3.2 
   Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 29, 2015. 

17 

SIGNATURES  
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
   
 MILOST ACQUISITIONS CORP. F/K/A KMRB ACQUISITION CORP. II 
   
 Date: December 13, 2016 
  By: /   s/ Brian Kistlerr   
 Brian Kistler, 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

18 

<EX-101.CAL>
 2
 kmrb-20160531_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 3
 kmrb-20160531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 kmrb-20160531.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 kmrb-20160531_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 kmrb-20160531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kmrb-20160531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 certification1350.htm
 CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
  and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer  
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Milost Acquisitions Corp. f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II, (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending May 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Brian Kistler, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge that: 
   
 (i)  the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Act  and 
   
 (ii)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Milost Acquisitions Corp. f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II 
   
   /s/: Brian Kistler   
 BRIAN KISTLER   
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
   
 December 13, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 certification302.htm
 CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer  
   
 I, Brian Kistler, certify that: 
   
 1.   I have reviewed this Quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Milost Acquisitions Corp. f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II; 
   
 2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Date:  December 13, 2016 
   
 Milost Acquisitions Corp. f/k/a KMRB Acquisition Corp. II  
   
   /s/Brian Kistler    
 Brian Kistler 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

2 

</EX-31.1>

